#sentence	#label
TWC Games formed a strategic consultancy with Beefy Media, a video game production company, to foster relationships with publishers and create high-quality games.	0
Leonardo da Vinci worked on painting Mona Lisa for 15 years when he died in the year 1519, he still didn’t consider it to be finished!	1
Sinister Street (1914), 2 volumes, a bildungsroman	0
More than 90% of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks delayed evacuation to save their work, shut down computers, change shoes, or visit the bathroom.	1
Then in the early 1900s, the milking machine was invented to milk cows so people don’t need to milk cows by hand anymore.	0
The Village of Stepanchikovo, by Fyodor Dostoyevsky	0
In 1971 he was awarded the Padma Shri.	0
But Dunbrody is a “failure.” It actually becomes a stepping-stone.	0
International Journal of Historical Archaeology 13(3): 255-281.	0
He pulled down Niall’s pants at a service station!	1
Now, active parliamentarians cannot sit on the committee, unless they have explicitly stated their intent to step down shortly.	0
Tom has commented though that he didn't like being called "bitter" by the media and that The Last DJ is full of hope, if you look for it.	0
Les Trois Frères, le retour (2014)	0
With the assistance of Arthur Biehl (Bill Erwin), an old bellhop who has been at the hotel since 1910, Richard discovers that the woman is Elise McKenna (Jane Seymour), a famous early 20th century stage actress.	0
GISD is an acronym that may refer to:	0
The Apostolic Camera, or in Latin (Reverenda) Camera Apostolica or Apostolica Camera, is the central board of finance in the Papal administrative system, which at one time was of great importance in the government of the States of the Church, and in the administration of justice, led by the Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church.	0
Huston enjoyed directing the film, as it gave him a chance to indulge his love of animals.	0
Circumbinary disk, is where a disk orbits both the primary and the secondary of the binary system	0
Trapping pressure to cater to the demands of the pet trade have caused a drastic decline in this species' wild population.	0
In America, anchovies always rank last on the list of favorite toppings.	1
It is thought that the seaweed was accidentally released into coastal waters of the Mediterranean Sea just below Jacques Cousteau’s Oceanographic Museum of Monaco in 1984.	0
Reconnaissance Eagles are used to explore alien planets and regions of space; the sophisticated computer bank is used to obtain, store, and analyse data gathered from the planet being studied including atmospheric composition, valuable minerals resources and biological life.	0
A cup of grande coffee at Starbucks has 320 milligrams of caffeine, which is more than four times the amount of caffeine than found in a Red Bull.	1
Western beef tended to be canned, as the quality was inferior to the corn-fed beef of the Midwest.	0
in original German with English Translation	0
When Scott asked if they could continue on their previous course and speed, he was informed by the commander that it cost $25,000 to turn the ship, and to continue on course.	0
She married secondly Robert I, Duke of Burgundy.	0
It represents a grave breach of international law,' Margaret Thatcher thundered.	0
This, combined with his controversial lifestyle and behaviour, led Soviet authorities to repeatedly persecute and imprison him, and suppress his films.	0
A white Christmas isn’t as unlikely as we all think in the UK, 1 in 10 is the chance of a traditional English White Christmas.	1
When people eat a chocolate Easter bunny, 76% bite off the ears first, 5% eat the feet and 4% eat the tail.	1
Meyer’s vampires are not the typical vampire – their fangs are actually sharp teeth, the Cullens abstain from human blood and their skin sparkles in the sunlight.	1
By the time you’re a fully-grown adult, approximately a quarter of all your bones are in your feet.	1
Grand Tour General Classification results timeline	0
HFO storage tanks (type & location): deep tanks	0
He then went on to conduct a series of rituals upon arrival at the Khentii Mountains (狼居胥山, and the more northern 姑衍山) to symbolize the historic Han victory, then continued his pursuit as far as Lake Baikal (瀚海), effectively annihilating the Xiongnu clan.	0
In the opinion of author Chris Smith, the release was "a landmark in a summer of landmark albums".	0
Gabriel Jordani, aged 26, is an artist.	0
The first spacecraft to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.	1
Simply out, the aim of the game is to dominate the market as a single entity.	1
Changchub Gyaltsen used the noblemen belonging to his clientele, appointing them as dzongpon, district leaders.	0
Richard continued to present Gaytime TV for the BBC.	0
Medal for 35 years of military service for officers	0
As the place where politicians or other official leaders come to meet the citizens and ask for their opinions, support or votes ("election campaigning" in democracies, other kinds of requests in non-democracies).	0
The lotus flower is deeply imbibed with symbolism of Indian philosophy.	0
The place chosen by Captain (afterwards Major) Warden as the seat of his court was known as Bloemfontein, and it subsequently became the capital of the whole country.	0
The French took over the island in 1660 after signing a treaty with the original Carib people, and it was first named Saint Lucy of Syracuse.	1
Mawsynram in Meghalaya, India is the wettest place on Earth with an annual rainfall of more than 11 meters.	1
Thus, he became the professional criminal known as the Griffin.	0
Playbill, New York City Ballet, Tuesday, April 30, 2008	0
The major day for celebration among the followers is the birthday of “Gautam Buddha”.	1
There have been four seasons of the show to date and multiple specials, such as Christmas and Sports Relief.	1
Grapes explode when you put them in microwaves!	1
In 2007, he starred alongside Brian Hooks, Denyce Lawton, and Cherie Johnson in the horror film 7eventy 5ive.	0
Janet Maslin concluded that the film "isn't quite top-level Eastwood, but it's close."	0
By the time he was 18, Beethoven was the main supplier of income for his family.	1
Much the same way as in the Wizard of Oz, they have to travel to a far-seeming destination (i.e.	0
He has worked with countless legends of the film industry (Jack Nicholson, Marlon Brando, Milos Forman, Hal Ashby), meanwhile earning a reputation as a great actor.	0
File:Estadi RCD Espanyol - 2011-05-27 - JT Curses.jpg|Estadi Cornellà-El Prat.	0
Where the reticulated giraffe has very clearly defined dark patches with bright-whitish channels between them, Rothschild's giraffe more closely resembles the Masai giraffe.	0
Like other mammals or rodents, Baird's pocket gophers re-ingests fecal pellets, which benefits them during the winter and the rainier seasons of the year.	0
They do not have threaded tips, because no needle or other device needs to be screwed onto them.	0
The new tungsten cored M993 Armor-piercing rounds may also be fired in the M60 as well, though they did not enter the inventory until after the M60 was withdrawn from service in active-duty units.	0
Hillary Clinton won the TV quiz show College Bowl while attending Wellesley College.	1
The word “white” comes from the Indo-European root “kweit” meaning “to shine”.	1
Pinocchio is Italian for 'pine head'	1
The Headhunter's true motives are revealed in her final story, The Eight Truths/Worldwide Web.	0
"This way, the world is informed about a character a lot less known and important than Hurricane Gustav.	0
In a career of more than 30 years, he had been a critic of the tensions embedded in his field of study, advocating Islamic modernism, secularism, and humanism.	0
The first of five Embraer 190s ordered in 2010 was incorporated into the fleet in .	0
In Togo four teams have won the Double of the Togolese Championnat National and the Coupe du Togo (defunct).	0
Image:Grain Silos on Main Street Crawford.jpg|Grain silos along Main Street in Crawford, Texas.	0
The earliest bronze archeological finds in Indonesia date from 1–2 BC, including flat plates probably suspended and struck by a wooden or bone mallet.	1
He enjoys boxing to keep in shape.	1
Union Station (Winston-Salem, North Carolina), listed on the NRHP in Forsyth County, North Carolina	0
During fall, the only things that grow are mushrooms—a normal one and a poisonous one—in the Forest, and the hay grass, and in winter, nothing grows but the herbs in the forest cave, which grow all year round.	0
Playing with puppies and kittens has been proven to relieve stress and help students perform better on tests.	1
One of Newcastle's scorers that day, Michael Chopra, later joined Sunderland and played in 3 derbies against Newcastle.	0
Und wenn ich lieb&apos; nimm dich in acht...!	0
They eat snow as a source of fresh water.	1
It depends in particular of Présocratic authors, especially Parmenides and Heraclitus, of the Symbolists such that `Eluard, Rimbaud and Lautréamont, and of the authors of Negritude, particularly, Césaire.	0
The Filipino casualties was enormous according to Lachambre.	0
It was written by Twain and Mutt Lange.	0
In March 1933, Breiz Atao published a programme named "SAGA" (Strollad Ar Gelted Adsavet: Programme of Revived Celts), which was worked out by Mordrel.	0
Wide Sargasso Sea is usually thought of as a postmodern and postcolonial response to Jane Eyre.	0
Disney's Twelve Basic Principles of Animation is a set of principles of animation introduced by the Disney animators Ollie Johnston and Frank Thomas in their 1981 book .	0
Pierre Dukan, the diet's founder, sued Cohen for libel, but lost the case.	0
The last two have their battlements coated respectively with silver and gold.	0
She likes to spin wool in her spare time, and has a portable wool-spinning kit her husband got her so that she can spin wool in-between shooting scenes.	1
Team of researchers in Northwestern University indicated that this treatment method can potentially be used in other autoimmune diseases.	0
Her grandmother is an believer in naked sleeping!	1
The Flintstones was the most profitable network cartoon franchise for 30 years, that’s before The Simpsons came along.	1
The head of the insurgent forces, however, was defeated by the royalist forces, and the constitution was never enacted.	0
The road passed above an old river that was converted into a canal after the dismantlement of Montreal's fortifications.	0
Geocentric orbit: An orbit around the planet Earth, such as that of the Moon or of artificial satellites.	0
John Pike Grady, airman and journalist	0
During his service, Bulgaria became the seventh nation to join the Axis Powers.	0
Starting with Mammoth Cave National Park, CRF work has primarily focused on United States federal lands---particularly within United States National Parks.	0
He finished the season tied as the top try scorer with Lelia Masaga with 10 tries.	0
The earth's solid metal core is about 2,440km across and is growing by 0.5mm each year.	1
She somewhat unknowingly helps Irwin trick Duddy out of his summer earnings.	0
Shawn Mendes admitted that he secretly enjoys cooking.	1
Turnips are high in fiber, Vitamin C, Calcium and Potassium.	1
It took place at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan on January 30, 2000.	0
This modernized Stratocaster configuration (commonly referred to as the superstrat) was particularly well suited to the heavy metal style of music that was very popular at the time.	0
In March 2009, Sir Paul Judge established the Jury Team, an umbrella organisation dedicated to increasing the number of independent candidates standing in the UK, in both domestic and European elections.	0
As soon as she broached, however, she lost her up-angle, and the thousands of pounds of water in her bilges rushed forward.	0
There are only 10 more Mondays until Christmas.	1
The Assembly of the French Clergy (Assemblée du Clergé de France) was in its origins a representative meeting of the Catholic clergy of France, held every five years, for the purpose of apportioning the financial burdens laid upon the clergy of the French Catholic Church by the kings of France.	0
A common method of station identification by radio is along the lines of the call sign, the city of license (and/or market/area it serves), the frequency, and the ownership (for example: "KQKS Lakewood/Denver: A Lincoln Financial Group Station.	0
Americans drive 29 miles a day on average.	1
Both travel agents compete until Morgan's employer Baker is forced to cancel its tour.	0
Hologon 16/8 – Came with an optical viewfinder and a center filter to reduce vignetting.	0
In Race For The Galaxy, uplift is a major theme.	0
In 2009, he won the national title in the steeplechase at the French Athletics Championships.	0
Although the conflict ended in a cease-fire, Somalis in the region still identify and maintain close ties with their brethren in Somalia.	0
The gateway stood at the corner of the modern Duke's Place and was always an obstacle to traffic.	0
Viña del Mar psychopaths: Jorge Sagredo and Carlos Topp committed ten murders and four rapes from 5 August 1980 to November 1, 1981 in the city of Viña del Mar; executed by firing squad on January 29, 1985; they were the last people executed in Chile	0
She is probably best known for her Chopin recordings, which won her the prestigious 'Grand Prix du Disque Frédéric Chopin' in Poland in 1995.	0
From about 1900 there was a great need to relieve the railway lines in Berlin from an increase in freight traffic.	0
Scyther hates the colour red, according to the animé episode Showdown in Dark City.	1
He is killed in a rocket explosion along with Fariba.	0
Peter "Peetah" Morgan - Lead vocals (1994–present)	0
Abraham Senior's house in Segovia, in the Jewish quarter or neighborhood of the Colonel, who harbored even a synagogue-oratory, was converted into a convent of Franciscans in 1902, and currently houses the Educational Centre of the Jewish quarter.	0
The most syndicated comic strip was Peanuts by Charles Schulz (the US) appears in 2,620 different newspapers in 75 different countries!	1
Tulsa contains several permanent dance, theater, and concert groups, including the Tulsa Ballet, the Tulsa Opera, the Tulsa Symphony Orchestra, Light Opera Oklahoma, Signature Symphony at TCC, the Tulsa Youth Symphony, the Heller Theatre, American Theatre Company, which is a member of the Theatre Communications Group and Oklahoma's oldest resident professional theatre, and Theatre Tulsa, the oldest continuously operating community theatre company west of the Mississippi River.	0
From Milan Salieri included stops in Venice and Rome and finally a return to Milan.	0
String Quartet No.2, Quasi una Fantasia, Op.	0
A woodpecker can peck 20 times a second	1
The Poop In My Pants is chock-full of brilliant little easter eggs for the observant fan, including the reveal that Mr. and Mrs. Poopybutthole are from dimension C-137, a Varrix hiding during their picnic, and Pickle Rick’s helicopter with Jaguar leaping from it during their tandem bike ride, to name but a few.	1
When Pink Floyd designed the “Animals” album cover, the inflatable pig tied to the power station broke free, causing Heathrow Airport to cancel all their flights.	1
Mountain Lions are excellent jumpers and have been documented to leap horizontally 40 to 47 feet (12.2 - 14.3 m) and 10 to 18 feet (3 - 5.5 m) vertically.	1
One of the largest molecular dust clouds in the galaxy, Sagittarius B2, smells of raspberries and rum.	1
In South Korea, there are more fried chicken restaurants than there are McDonald’s restaurants worldwide.	1
When the playing card (and video game) company Nintendo, or Nintendo Koppai, was formed in September 1889, there were only 38 US states in the union, by the end of that year this figure rose to 42.	1
Because there is no standard patch language it is rare that a patch generated on one synthesizer can be used on a different model.	0
AMORC also claims that among their most esteemed pupils were Pharaoh Akhenaten (Amenhotep IV) and his wife Nefertiti.	0
Children form 8.86 percent of total population.	0
The current line-up includes; Robert Smith, Simon Gallup, Roger O’Donnell, Jason Cooper and Reeves Gabrels.	1
In created Vines for Sonic – which helped increased his online popularity.	1
* The first edition was not official	0
An early study by Summers and Clough (2000) on the evolution of skin coloration and toxicity in the Dendrobatidae family indicated that evolution of skin toxicity correlated significantly with the evolution of bright coloration.	0
It was deposited about 190 million years ago.	0
Originally, Out of My Limit was called “Over the Limit” but had to be changed because it sounded like the song was about alcohol.	1
She says she is a great cook.	1
2007: Solo Show, Carhartt Gallery – Weil am Rhein (Germany)	0
Whether such a deity existed among the Aztecs and what its meaning was, is a matter of dispute among scholars of Mesoamerican religion.	0
Evangeline has never had a puff of a cigarette.	1
1952 1962: His Excellency The Right Honourable The Lord Wakehurst KCMG, Governor of Northern Ireland	0
Carsten Cullmann (born 5 March 1976 in Cologne) is a German former footballer who last played as a defender for 1.	0
Nathan Sykes gets asked on many occasions to have sex whilst flying on a plane by the air hostesses!	1
On 10th December 2011, she reached one million followers on Twitter!	1
UEFA Champions League: 1994–95; Runner-up 1995–96	0
The first boundary between England and Wales came in 784AD with the creation of Offa’s Dyke by King Offa of Mercia.	1
Pièces d'Identités is a modern fairy story set in the world of African Immigrants in Europe.	0
However, even after he lost his hearing, Ludwig van Beethoven retained perfect pitch and continued composing.	1
From a feedlot and carcass standpoint, they provide	0
c – Clinched home court advantage for the conference playoffs	0
Louis Bertignac - Grizzly (ça c’est vraiment moi) (album, 2010, Polydor)	0
His full name is Alexander Johan Hjalmar Skarsgård.	1
In 2008, 3000 people passed “Go” online, in a world record attempt.	1
He is looking forward to an acting career in the future.	1
So, after balking at a competitor's 1000 euro per cubic metre disposal charge near Amsterdam, Trafigura decided to have the ship take back the waste and have it processed at various offloading sites, which all refused it until it was accepted at Abidjan, Côte d&apos;Ivoire, one of Africa's largest seaports.	0
This popular K-Pop group wasn’t self-created – an entertainment company called Big Heat Entertainment held auditions to recruit members starting in 2010.	1
Nyamo and Shinobu quickly become good friends and correspond when apart.	0
Hirate began karting in 1999 when he was 13.	0
Because of the running track, the corners of the end zone are partially cut.	0
The digital sound signal in both formats are EFM-encoded as in CD.	0
In 2015 the membership of the FLDS was estimated to be around 10,000, with between 500 &amp; 1,000 members leaving between 2013 and 2015.	1
Sun light can penetrate clean ocean water up to a depth of 73m (240 feet)	1
The term "stray voltage" is used for the gradient (rate of change with respect to distance) of electrical potential in the surface of the soil, associated with single-wire earth return electricity distribution systems used in some rural locations.	0
The park is open daily until 5 PM.	0
European and New England purchases soared from 720,000 bales in 1830, to 2.85 million bales in 1850, to nearly 5 million in 1860.	0
Actor Liam Neeson used to be a teacher, but got fired for punching a 15-year-old when the boy pulled a knife out in class.	1
Like true lobsters, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas, for instance.	1
Louis and Harry first met in the toilets at X Factor.	1
A narrator states that when President Lyndon Johnson was asked about the Kennedy Assassination and the Warren Commission report, he said he doubted the findings of the Commission.	0
Christmas trees are grown across all 50 states of the US.	1
As Richard suggested, it had been extremely difficult to cast the Japanese girl -- we spent months on that, and nearly gave up.	0
Thistledown 1981 - written and illustrated by M M Kaye	0
Seasonal flow fluctuations are not very marked, similar to the Canche or the Somme, its neighbours.	0
Traversers: giant vegetal spider analogues which spin their webs between Earth and Moon in the novel Hothouse by Brian Aldiss	0
The John Cooper Works is a derivative of the Cooper S ALL4 version of the Countryman, with increased engine power to and with over boost: .	0
According to the National Peanut Board, the average 12 ounce jar of peanut butter requires around 540 to 550 peanuts to fill.	1
Six-red World Championship The event was called the Six-red Snooker International (2008/2009) and the Six-red World Grand Prix (2009/2010)	0
In either situation, bulls can be extremely dangerous.	1
Justin Bieber's YouTube play count is greater than the combined population of China and India.	1
Steve Bulen - Daisuke Jigen / Fake Jigen	0
Kevin Conroy, the man who has played Batman the longest, has starred in about 31 different versions including games, animated series, and TV series.	1
This therapy was also created by Zindel Segal and Mark Williams, and was partially based on the mindfulness-based stress reduction program, developed by Jon Kabat-Zinn.	0
Interview by Perry Hicks (For GulfCoastNews.com)	0
According to the Four Masters, in 1149 "An army was led by Toirdhealbhach Ua Briain and the men of Munster into Connacht, until they arrived at Magh Ua mBriuin; they carried off a great spoil of cattle, and demolished Dún-Gaillmhe; and Ua Lochlainn, lord of Corca-Modhruadh, was drowned in the (river) Gaillimh."	0
John Charles Daly (1914–1991), radio & TV newsman and television host on What's My Line?	0
Overall Subway, actually has more chains than the fast-food juggernaut, McDonald’s!	1
Shawn has been constantly hitting on Juliet for the past 4 seasons and every time Jules has refused to return his attentions.	0
One type would be the tall, flat sided bull which has a slack back and a poor hindquarter.	1
In 1968, the director of Canal 9, Alejandro Romay, offered her her own show, Almorzando con las estrellas ("Lunch with stars").	0
Breaking away from the repetitive base sculpt of the previous two movie collections, Kenner produced Batman Forever figures using a wider range of fresh sculpts.	0
When she was 16, she became a member of the Bloods, but has since disassociated from gangs.	1
The Lotus stem is eaten almost in all parts of India, and pickled too.	1
Laundry detergents contain a mix of ingredients including surfactants, builders, optical brighteners, etc.	0
Queen are one of the only groups/people beside the Queen to appear on a postage stamp, in 1999 the Royal Mail decided to release stamps that included Freddie Mercury on stage.	1
Or do we learn from Ahalya who made a conscious choice to fulfil her need and yet has been extolled?"	0
Lemurs used to live in Africa, but monkeys there were too much of a competition for the lemurs.	1
Bull's can run faster uphill than down	1
One Hundred Poems, 1919–1939, Sydney: Angus &amp; Robertson (1944)	0
Some Canadians use the word "Mum" rather than the American "Mom".	0
Once 1592 came around, Shakespeare popped up again emerging as an actor and playwright.	1
Soundtracker 1: green lightshow theme; plays "Back In The Saddle" and "Dude Looks Like A Lady".	0
Unlike dial-up connections, a leased line is always active.	0
Nowiny, Gołdap County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)	0
Aztec mothers who died in childbirth were regarded as highly as warriors who died in battle.	1
Despite being a successful player, László Rafinsky was not a great manager.	0
Cordazar Calvin Broadus, Percy Robert Miller Sr., Craig S. Lawson	0
Unlike many other ancient buildings, the Pantheon has been in continuous use throughout its history.	0
Exploits MS08-067 vulnerability in Server service	0
Shirley Babashoff, Jane Barkman, Jenny Kemp, and Sandy Neilson &mdash; Swimming, Women's 4x100 m Freestyle Relay	0
Hugo identified himself as a Catholic and held a great amount of respect for the church.	1
Austin met Taylor Swift at a coffee shop years before he was famous.	1
R/Q is transcendental, although not purely transcendental.	0
Bald eagles can mate while flying or free falling.	1
On its right side there is a third high-mediaeval epigraph, situated between two lion statues, referring to the building of a fountain.	0
It was said by Alejandro Verón, one of the founders: “I have a rational religion, and that’s the Catholic Church, and I have a religion passed on my heart, passion, and that’s Diego Maradona.” Supporters of the Maradonian Church, supposedly from all parts of the world, count the years since Maradona's birth in 1960.	0
He has three children; Meg, Chris and Stewie.	1
Gmina Suwałki is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	0
"Such Excitement You Never Saw": Gold Mining in Nineteenth-Century Georgia	0
Sigmund Freud's Die Traumdeutung (The Interpretation of Dreams) is published.	0
She has also twice won Best Actress at both the Cannes Film Festival and the Venice Film Festival.	0
He was born in Salamanca, Spain.	1
to intervene against Magnus and Haakon in Sweden and depose them both in favour of his and Euphemia's son Albert.	0
He studied at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich.	0
Critics however disliked the romantic love triangle, and claimed the ending for Mockingjay did not tie up any loose ends.	1
Justin gains an average of 207,788 fans on Facebook a week.	1
Originally, the siren on the logo was much racier which full chest showing, and didn’t become the PG version we know today until 1992.	1
Asteroids was so popular that some video arcade operators had to install large boxes to hold the number of coins spent by players.	0
Melophobia is the fear of music	1
Their units served for only a few weeks or months at a time, were reluctant to travel far from home and thus were unavailable for extended operations, and lacked the training and discipline of soldiers with more experience.	0
In 1928 the conservatives won in the polls and he was forced to give up power to Arvid Lindman.	0
A pro-Dunstan, pro-Benedictine party began to form around Athelstan Half-King's domain of East Anglia and supporting Eadwig's younger brother Edgar.	0
When Merlot has spent significant time in oak, the wine may show notes of caramel, chocolate, coconut, coffee bean, dill weed, mocha, molasses, smoke, vanilla and walnut.	0
On December 15th, 1960, the red robin was officially named Britain’s National Bird.	1
Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.	0
Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventures (1991)	0
It is a revolution we have two roads – we go to prison or we win."	0
Pope John Paul II was shot and seriously wounded by Mehmet Ali Ağca, a Turkish gunman, as he entered St. Peter's Square in Vatican City to address a general audience.	0
Bolesławiec Leśny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	0
The concentrated heat is then used as a heat source for a conventional power plant.	0
"Gesualdo: the man and his music" / Oxford University Press, 1973 reprinted 1991.	0
Barley and Ravenpaw finally assisted the Clans in their exodus by allowing them shelter in The New Prophecy series.	0
Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.	1
Leopold Trepper was an agent of the GRU.	0
As in other languages, the meaning is not that of a true plural, but collectives that refer to a set of the same or related objects, often in a particular situation.	0
Because of the restrictively low budget, no light equipment was utilized during the shoot.	0
The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.	1
As it was based on such sparse material, it has largely been ignored or considered to be indistinguishable from other, better-known sauropods.	0
The movie dealt with Lafitte's contribution to the War of 1812 between the USA and Great Britain, and starred Fredric March as Lafitte.	0
Adam Driver, the actor who plays Kylo Ren, chose this role over the part of Lex Luthor in the 2016 Superman vs Batman film.	1
The philosophical movements of the time in which both Camus and Sartre were leaders in turn influenced Ponge's own work.	0
Although he was among the youngest players in their squad, he became an important part of the first team.	0
The horns are light, lyre-shaped in cows, half-moon-shaped in bulls; they are slate-grey in young animals, becoming pale at the base and dark at the tip with maturity.	0
An organ harvester's plans are foiled by a small gang and a female gunslinger who rides a motorcycle.	0
Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of RiskPeter L. Bernstein1996	0
His choice in girls is quite specific, he likes brunettes, shorter than himself, freckles and girls that are confident enough to not wear too much make-up.	1
Monologue by Brian on having a party when Fran and Gordon go on Vacation	0
Communes are generally governed by a council (sometimes called Municipality) headed by a mayor as executive and the town meeting as legislature.	0
"File #4: Lincoln Sedan Deadline" (September 1968, EQMM; DKA)	0
| (16767) 1996 US || October 16, 1996	0
Island of Kyūshū — Saga Prefecture — Nagasaki Prefecture — from	0
In 2009, Tout suffered a heart attack.	0
Shawn released his debut EP, The Shawn Mendes EP, in July 2014.	1
Random House, which is owned by Bertelsmann AG, is the U.S. publisher and still holds some of the rights to the books.	0
Israeli forces, however, quickly withdrew from Lebanon, and the attacks against Israel resumed.	0
Henry Cavendish, chemist (recognized Hydrogen as its own elemental substance)	0
The term eparch ( , eparchos) however, designating an eparchy's governor, was most usually used to refer to the praetorian prefects (singular in Greek: , "eparch of the praetorium") in charge of the Empire's praetorian prefectures, and to the Eparch of Constantinople, the city's urban prefect.	0
It costs less that $1 a year to keep your smartphone charged up.	1
Quite a few celebrities hail from the island including Rhianna, Shontelle and Grandmaster Flash.	1
An overwhelming silence hangs over the official histories of Korea when it comes to the kisaeng.	0
The Great Dane is the tallest dog in the world, while the St. Bernard is the heaviest, weighing up to 120kg when fully-grown.	1
Anicius Probus, vir inlustris in 459.	0
This Indian surname is more often spelt Duggal.	0
New Calendonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean.	0
Carrots used to be purple – as well as red, white, yellow and of coarse orange.	1
Gaga’s producer Rob Fusari nicknamed her Gaga in 2006.	1
The tourism commercials starred Gao Yuanyuan and Li Guangjie as a Chinese couple, with cameos by Song Seung-heon, Park Hae-jin and Park Eun-hye.	0
Other animals, especially those that are ridden or driven as working animals, are only free to eat when not working, and may be given a more limited amount of hay to prevent them from getting too fat.	0
The community’s arms might be described thus: Gules two arrows in saltire the dexters sable and the sinisters Or surmounted by a heart argent, itself surmounted by a bunch of grapes azure, the stalk of the second, the whole between two mullets of six of the third.	0
There are a number of non-infectious causes of inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.	0
However, an exceptionally bad run with injuries, including a severe blood clot that threatened his life during 1994, prevented Aaron from ever reaching the heights his father did, and he played representative rugby league only during the Super League war in 1995.	0
One of the most common names for him today is Santa Claus.	1
It was Walt Disney’s wife who convinced him to change the name of his character from ‘Mortimer Mouse’ to ‘Mickey Mouse’!	1
Breaking down, Claire reveals that she just wanted Skylar to like her and she didn't want the field hockey team to be disqualified if Dina's picture was ever discovered.	0
Lesser celandine is found in a range of habitats, including woodlands, hedgerows, churchyards, road verges, meadows, in gardens and waste ground and on river banks.	1
They’re signed by Fueled by Ramen, a subsidiary of Atlantic Records since 2012.	1
In July 1972 he participated in ETA meetings in Madrid.	0
The bolero-son: long-time favourite dance music in Cuba, captured abroad under the misnomer 'rumba'.	0
Among the managers he worked for was Bobby Valentine, and in he left the Mets' organization to serve under Valentine and pitching coach Bob McClure as the assistant pitching coach of the Boston Red Sox.	0
It is possible to age a lobster by counting the rings on its eyestalks.	1
Day 2 — 4 foursome matches in a morning session and 4 four-ball matches in an afternoon session	0
Abel Aubert Dupetit Thouars (August 3, 1793 – March 16, 1864) was a French naval officer important in France's anexation of French Polynesia.	0
The on which Emperor Chongzhen hanged himself shortly after escaping the Forbidden City in Beijing, China.	0
For heating, it was desirable to maximize the temperature and minimize the luminosity.	0
AMF3 aims for more compression and one of the ways it achieves this is by avoiding string duplication by saving them into an array against which all new string are checked.	0
Here she makes SpiderMan temporarily invisible.	0
Carroll’s other successful works include The Hunting of the Snark and Jabberwocky.	1
He wants to have kids at some point, but he said in 2015 that he didn’t want them for a long while yet.	1
A group of parrots is known as a pandemonium of parrots.	1
Did you know that there are also black leopards?	0
Leonardo worked for BBC Television in the United Kingdom during the 2006 World Cup, as one of their Match of the Day analysts, alongside another former World Cup winner Marcel Desailly.	0
With the new system, Pole Emploi uses 5 categories:	0
have at least 100 national members,	0
After four title defenses, Grigorian defended his belt against undefeated challenger Marco Rudolph.	0
Melones Contractors won the primary construction contract for about $110 million, while Allis-Chalmers and General Electric were paid a combined $11.5 million to provide turbines and hydroelectric generating equipment.	0
The first appearance of a Slowbro in the anime was when character Professor Westwood’s Slowpoke evolved in the episode, The Evolution Solution.	1
The average computer user blinks seven times a minute, the normal rate is twenty times per minute.	1
The Birth of Bacchus1657123 x 179 cmPainted for Jacques Stella, passed to the d'Orléans collection.	0
Beedrill was originally going to be spelled with only one “L”.	1
Actresses such as Pam Ferris, Miranda Hart and Vanessa Redgrave have starred in the show.	1
Prelude In C Minor by Sergei Rachmaninoff	0
Box office receipts totaled US$105,178,561, of which $74,078,174 was from the United States having earned US$16,712,407 in its opening weekend at 2,530 theaters.	0
This is the deepest, most subtle level of dukkha; it includes "a basic unsatisfactoriness pervading all existence, all forms of life, because all forms of life are changing, impermanent and without any inner core or substance."	0
A pioneer of the fire insurance industry was named Nicholas If-Christ-had-not-died-for-thee-thou-hadst-been-damned Barebone.	1
Lutheran church records (births/marriages/deaths): 1784-1904 (parish B)	0
Pluto is named after the Roman god of the underworld, not the Disney Dog.	1
The Heart of Sarajevo Award for Best Film	0
Elvis subsequently purchased Blackhawks manufactured for him by the Stutz Motor Company in 1971, 1972 and 1973.	0
Elite Impact DamsElite Impact Dams are cows that meet the criteria of an Impact Dam, plus have had at least 3 calves whose weaning weight (205 day weight) ratio is 100 or greater.	0
Brian Griffin from Family Guy is a Labrador Retriever, he is eight years old, which is 56 in dog years.	1
Two cases of leopards killing cheetahs have been reported in 2014.	0
Around 70% of people tilt their heads to the right rather than the left when kissing somebody else.	1
This motif recurs in the revolutionary poetry of his later years.	0
Twinkies originally had banana flavored filling, but switched to vanilla when World War 2 bought the banana trade to a halt.	1
Karl Friedrich, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (1783–1853), and had four children.	0
The Swedish American press was the second largest foreign-language press in the United States (after German language imprints) in 1910.	0
42May 23@ Red Sox3–2Feliciano (1–1)Papelbon (0–1)Putz (2)37,87123–19	0
In the same year he was named New Zealand sportsperson of the year.	0
^ Qi, J.; Shi, Q.; Wang, G.; Li, Z.; Sun, Q.; Hua, Y.	0
In the late 1950s, he also began to create motion pictures, hoping to use them commercially.	0
He believed that change in Tibet would only be possible in a manner similar to when the Qing Dynasty was overthrown in China.	0
Annuario d’Arte Moderna, Pablo M.Landi, p.121, Roma, 2008, Italy	0
Oliveira do Bairro ( ) is a municipality in Portugal with a total area of and a total population of 22,012 inhabitants, and 16,994 electors (2006).	0
Mating between mountain lions can occur at any time of year, although it usually takes place between December and March in more northern latitudes.	1
Brian has four sons, Ryder Scott, Brody, Stone and Zane.	0
Variations of the name Sweden are used in most languages, with the exception of Danish and Norwegian using Sverige, Icelandic Svíþjóð, and the more notable exception of some Finnic languages where Ruotsi (Finnish) and Rootsi (Estonian) are used, names commonly considered etymologically related to the English name for Russia, referring to the people, Rus', originally from the coastal areas of Roslagen, Uppland.	0
The service used the HSL-Zuid and HSL 4 railway lines to connect Amsterdam, Schiphol Airport, Rotterdam, Antwerp and Brussels.	0
by Ganesh Saili, Rupa &amp; Co., 2007, ISBN 978-81-291-1287-3	0
While the wording is substantially different, the Valar and the Æsir show certain similarities like influencing the world and recursively being influenced by their actions.	0
"Both Sides Now" by Joni Mitchell	0
The most significant of these are in Ketti (manufacture of needles); Aruvankadu (manufacture of cordite) and Coonoor (manufacture of rabies vaccine).	0
They also became infamous for their Satanic imagery and references to the vagrant lifestyle, including smoking both crack cocaine and marijuana, shoplifting, and squatting.	0
It was announced on April 2, 2014 at Microsoft Build 2014 and is scheduled to be released in June 2014.	0
Vans is also a partner with Disney using such iconic Disney characters as Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Winnie the Pooh.	1
Upon his return to competition, he took the senior national title and won the 20 km walk silver medal at the 2006 European Athletics Championships.	0
"I'll Stand by You" — 3:44	0
Hitmonlee is a combination of hit, monster and Lee, which references Bruce Lee.	1
This project is still in development.	0
Satmex 5Hughes05/12/1998Ariane 4Kourou1998-070A114.9 WOriginal name: Morelos 3; current status: Unknown.	0
Belgica Regia or the "royal" Southern Netherlands	0
USNS Mission Santa Cruz (T-AO-133) was a United States Navy Mission Buenaventura'-class fleet oilers during World War II	0
The internal design derives from the basic Mauser action with a slight recoil of the barrel enabling the locking piece under the lightweight bolt to drop out of engagement and borrows from the later Westinger (rather than the Nickl) selector mechanism.	0
Classes in Buddhism and meditation are held in the Quaker Meeting House on Friarn Street.	0
A cow has one stomach containing four digestive compartments: the rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum.	1
Connor is only 5ft 6, which makes him the shortest member of The Vamps.	1
There are also some aviation design bureaus - Sukhoy, Ilyushin, Tupolev, etc.	0
3.6 July 1851: Bungonia and other finds, New South Wales	0
Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum (One of the 8 witnesses) were murdered by a mob whilst they were held in jail at Carthage, near Nauvoo, on the 27th June, 1844.	1
The area of current Manfredonia was settled in ancient times by the Greeks, founded by Diomedes.	0
He first competed professionally in 1990.	0
The Park also includes rides like North America's first Alpine roller coaster, and a Screamin&apos; Swing called the "Giant Canyon Swing", which swings riders out over the edge of Glenwood Canyon, looking down at the Colorado River 1,300 feet below.	0
Blaž Kavčič 6–3, 5–7, 6–4, 6–2	0
Grover Cleveland: Grover Cleveland’s nickname was Uncle Jumbo.	1
On December 14, 2012, the schedule was released.	0
John D. Hamaker argues that widespread remineralization of soils with rock dust will be necessary to reverse soil depletion by current agriculture and forestry practice.	0
While with Gut Records, she wrote alongside artist Chris Brown.	1
Act 4 - Orcan, the sultan's servant, has come home to announce that, against all odds, Amurat has taken Babylon.	0
The movie helped launch the careers of Anderson and Schwartzman, while establishing a "second career" for Murray as a respected actor of independent cinema.	0
Patricia Díaz Perea, Spanish professional triathlete	0
Laboulaye was hoping the gift would inspire his fellow Frenchman to fight for their own democracy against Napoleon III.	1
Puhvel finds few linkages between the October Horse and the ásvamedha, primarily because the method of killing the horse differs so dramatically, and the crucial element of ritual mating is absent.	0
Not considering their reunion to be geunine, Chloe refuses to consommate her marriage with Kevin, hurting him.	0
Tom studies grammar - Tom is the subject and grammar is the object.	0
His mother and sister are both teachers.	1
His second single arrived on 7th May 2015 called “Mine Tonight”.	1
They are being produced by Gravitykraft Corporation, a sister company to The Gravity Group.	0
5-Day Event: Tuesday, February 17, 2009 to Saturday, February 21, 2009	0
The name for the shape of Pringles is called a “Hyperbolic Paraboloid”.	1
Altea - Ginko's lover and noble heiress.	0
A series of Russian Nero Wolfe TV movies was made in 2001–2002.	0
In meta analysis, SPECT was superior to clinical exam and clinical criteria (91% vs. 70%) in being able to differentiate Alzheimer's disease from vascular dementias.	0
In Gaul, negotiations helped him to move unmolested except for the Battle of Rhone Crossing, where a force of the Allobroges unsuccessfully tried to oppose his 38,000 infantry (that number may exclude light infantry), 8,000 cavalry, and 37 war elephants from the other shore.	0
Chiba Castle, reconstructed in 1967, is built on the site of Inohana Castle, a fortification of the clan.	0
At the early age of 3, Neil played Toto in a school production of “The Wizard of Oz.”	1
Already in 1950s the numbers of leopards were decreasing drastically in Arabia.	1
The series focuses on Jay Pritchett (Ed O&apos;Neill), his daughter Claire Dunphy (Julie Bowen), and his son Mitchell Pritchett (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) who live in Los Angeles.	0
English, for example, does not distinguish between aspirated and unaspirated consonants, but other languages, like Bengali and Hindi, do.	0
110 in the Singles Top 200 chart.	0
Alexandra refused to entertain the idea of her innocent daughter marrying the jaded, much older Boris Vladimirovich.	0
Katherine Collins was a nurse who stopped working to raise the couple's only child.	0
North Peace Tae Kwon Do and Shamrock Boxing Club participate and host regional and provincial tournaments.	0
Cougar tracks show four toes on both the front and hind paws, and an M-shaped heel pad with two lobes at the top or leading edge, and three lobes at the base.	1
Instead, theater owners enforce the MPAA film ratings after they have been assigned, with many theaters refusing to exhibit non-rated films.	0
Like most cat species, cougars are solitary, interacting only to mate and raise their young.	1
The territory of Sayabec encompasses two watersheds.	0
The high energy was due to the relatively long barrel, and nitro powder giving a muzzle velocity of 1,275 m/s.	0
Other contributions to the Beethoven monument fund included Mendelssohn's Variations sérieuses.	0
The baobab tree found in Africa can store 1,000 to 120,000 litres of water in its swollen trunk!	1
Rocks from Mars have landed on Earth from meteorite impacts blasting debris through space.	1
In response, Wilson defeated Psaltis at No Mercy in October.	0
She described her books as her midlife crisis.	1
The law does not always stop poachers, who find a ready market across the border in Ontario (especially in the Ottawa area), where ramps may be legally harvested and sold.	1
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves.	1
In the 2011 Census, the City of Fort Saskatchewan had a population of 19,051 living in 7,333 of its 8,109 total dwellings, a 27.4% change from its 2006 population of 14,957.	0
Nan'ao Island remained under the control of the Nationalists for a few months after the Communists took control of the Chinese Mainland in 1949.	0
1963 – Nominated – Best Actor in a Leading Role – This Sporting Life	0
He won nine consecutive bouts that year, including victories over well known boxers such as Chuck Wepner, Manuel Ramos, Johnny Prescott, Brian London, Ray Patterson, Eduardo Corletti, Miguel Angel Paez and George Johnson.	0
The typical setting is for 25 cent play, with three tanks.	0
It is also the sum of three consecutive squares, 2² + 3² + 4².	1
The ribbon windows are surrounded by gray frames.	0
She is a patron of the charity Action Duchenne, supporting parents and sufferers of Duchenne muscular dystrophy.	1
He fought with distinction at Nagakute, personally killing the enemy general Ikeda Nobuteru.	0
Like most of the characters in the Simpsons, he only has four fingers.	1
Michael said that if the band wasn’t called 5 Seconds of Summer, he would have named it Bromance.	1
Moreover the chief mate is accountable for the care of cargo during the voyage.	0
She is the 2013 World Champion in 4x400 m relay (running the last leg).	0
Donald is a WWE, World Wrestling Entertainment fan.	1
He rose to fame in 2011 after appearing in the ITV2 television series The Only Way Is Essex.	1
The inventor of the chocolate chip cookie sold the idea to Nestle Toll House in return for a lifetime supply of chocolate.	1
Star Wars writer, Lawrence Kasdan, said in an interview that Kylo Ren was a much more complex character than the other bad guys he had created.	1
Ironically, during the film, the two engage in a battle that ends in a stalemate when Bumblebee stops their brawl by throwing them outside, whereas the tweedle brothers never engaged in their own agreed battle.	0
The vessel cruised several times in the Mediterranean Sea, and in the Atlantic Ocean three times.	0
With the death of the count, an administration of 8 "capitulaires" was created.	0
From the , 172 or 14.2% are Roman Catholic, while 878 or 72.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church.	0
Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.	1
Radio manufacturers received grants from the government to build cheap receivers all Germans could afford.	0
It lives in areas with little rainfall, which fluctuates between to , the subspecies orizabensis (Pinus orizabensis) is found farther south in the state of Veracruz.	0
Albino dolphins are pink, with red eyes!	1
Marshall was raised without his biological father, but has spoken of the influence of his foster-father Michael Doherty, and other men within his extended family.	0
The phrase “catch-22” comes from the 1961 novel of the same name by author Joseph Heller.	1
According to Ralph of Coggeshall, Henry the Young King instigated rebellion against Henry II; he wanted to reign independently over at least part of the territory his father had promised him, and to break away from his dependence on Henry II, who controlled the purse strings.	0
This valley is also called Ogulin's Field (in Croatian: Ogulinsko Polje).	0
It was damaged in a flash flood in 1964 that destroyed the fireplace and the Russell etchings.	0
It was constantly being altered during the 1840s (and, it seems, possibly throughout Wagner's lifetime), so it is not feasible to fully determine Wagner's exact or final intentions based on existing evidence.	0
Leopards are super-fast and they can run at speeds of up to 36 miles (58km) per hour.	1
His military conquests seem to have taken place during the first half of his reign with modern scholarship suggesting that his climactic victory against Kaštiliašu IV and the city of Babylon occurred during two campaigns during his thirteenth and fifteenth years, if the placing of the eponyms, the Assyrian dating system, of Etel-pi-Aššur and Aššur-bel-ilani are correct.	0
May 20th is regarded as the birthday of blue jeans, since it was the day when Levi Strauss patented his idea.	1
Jozef van Hoeck, writer (Turnhout 1922- Jette 1996)	0
During the interwar period, the palace housed the Supreme Court of Poland.	0
Timothy J. Sluckin , a presentation and extracts from the book Crystals that Flow: Classic papers from the history of liquid crystals.	0
Sati-ye Vosta, a village in Ardabil Province, Iran	0
Calla palustris (bog arum): a similar plant grown as an ornamental herbaceous perennial	0
Godard was very pleased at being pied and said "this is what happens when silent movies meet talking pictures"; he intervened with the Cannes authorities on behalf of Noël Godin to prevent him from being arrested.	0
Gaga appeared on a 2008 episode of The Hills.	1
In addition to refuse reinforcements, it was also considered capable of removing sorrow because of death, illness, or any other disaster.	0
One of the best-known examples is coat color in rabbits.	0
Count Johan Adam Cronstedt (December 12, 1749, Stockholm - February 21, 1836, Stockholm) was a Swedish Lieutenant General and governor of Östergötland County.	0
The left tower was destroyed and the right tower suffered major damage.	0
According to Eduardo Rivadavia of Allmusic, the album "suggested that Watain were, at best, content to produce intentionally crude facsimiles of inspirational forefathers ranging from Bathory to Mayhem and, at worst, unable to do anything else".	0
Substrato y superestrato del español de Tabasco.	0
The selection of Baldwin took place only after a dispute between the cathedral chapter of Canterbury and the suffragan bishops of Canterbury, both of which claimed the right to elect the new archbishop.	0
Charmander is the tallest Fire-type starter Pokémon.	1
); if they are stepped on, a N.G.	0
According to estimates, Facebook spends US$30 million a month on hosting alone!	1
Pleistocene glaciers have largely eroded Thielsen's caldera&mdash;leading to exposure of its contents.	0
A million dollars in $100 bills would weigh almost around 22lbs (9.979kg).	1
The Great Honey Pot Robbery"The Great Honey Pot Robbery" "Stripes" "Monkey See, Monkey Do Better"September 8, 1989	0
If a child is born without a kidney, the other one will grow and weigh the same as two kidneys put together.	1
The 2013 6 Hours of São Paulo was an endurance auto race held at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo, Brazil on 30 August-1 September 2013.	0
In 2012 Syngenta corporation, manufacturer of atrazine, was the defendant in a class action lawsuit concerning the levels of atrazine in human water supplies.	0
Highest attendance in a final: 199,854, Uruguay v Brazil, 16 July 1950, Maracanã Stadium, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, World Cup 1950.	0
In June 2008, AFI revealed its "Ten top Ten"—the best ten films in ten "classic" American film genres—after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community.	0
Take Your Houseplants for a Walk Day is celebrated on 27th July, on this bizarre day, people walk their houseplants around, so they can get to know their environment a little more, which supposedly provides the plants with a sense of knowing and familiarization to their surround areas.	1
The American Kennel Club, the most influential dog club in the United States, was founded in 1884.	1
Syarhey Mikalayevich Vyeramko ( ; ; born 16 October 1982 in Minsk) is a Belarusian footballer (goalkeeper), who is currently playing for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara and the Belarus national football team, both of which he has captained.	0
Louis Lemoine (23 November 1764 - 23 January 1842) commanded a French infantry division during the French Revolutionary Wars.	0
Liam supports West Bromich Album Football Club.	1
Hieronymous gives her a poisoned needle to kill the Doctor.	0
Actor Liam Burke was cast as Aerys II Targaryen, the ‘Mad King’, in flashback scenes but these scenes were cut from filming.	1
You cannot reverse a Bitcoin transaction, or be forced to pay.	1
Swearing when you are hurt helps in reducing the pain!	1
defends them vigorously against males lions, which may kill them.	0
Sarah Palin (as herself) in The Undefeated	0
The only German ship to enter the Australia Station during 1942 was the blockade runner and supply ship Ramses, which was sunk by and HNLMS Jacob van Heemskerk on 26 November, shortly after Ramses left Batavia bound for France.	0
It is spread in the valley of the river Aubonne, on the edge of the Jura foothill plateau, about above the surface of Lake Geneva.	0
Aside from a few portraits of friends, the Hamilton family, and British people on the Grand Tour, most of his paintings, many of which are very large, were of classical Greek and Roman subjects.	0
Other Taylor scores incorporating microtonal cues include: Why Do Fools Fall in Love (film) (Warner Brothers Pictures) 1998, Gregory Nava), Timon &amp; Pumbaa (TV series)(1995-8), Mickey Mouse Works (1998–2000), THE FINAL INSULT (1997 Charles Burnett), POWERS OF TIME (1996 Eames Demetrios), A QUESTION OF FAITH (2000 Tim Disney), The Glass Shield (1995 Charles Burnett) Black Panther (TV series) (2010 Reginald Hudlin, Marvel), THE EAMES ALUMINUM CHAIR, and A GATHERING OF ELEPHANTS (Eames Demetrios 2007, 2008).	0
Later the number of neighbourhoods was increased to 24.	0
Other cultures observe winter solstice as per its original meaning (see winter solstice).	0
Together, the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard constitute the Army element of the Reserve components of the United States Armed Forces.	0
Before 29 November 1943, the title of People's Hero was awarded by the Central Comity of KPJ, after 1945 it was awarded by the Presidium of the People's Assembly of Yugoslavia, and starting in 1953 by the President of Yugoslavia.	0
Ludwig Scotty returned as President on 22 June 2004 after a member of Harris's faction of the Parliament of Nauru defected.	0
The transit causes the star's brightness to dim slightly and at a regular rate, a phenomenon that the Kepler satellite notes till future study can prove or disprove the existence of a planetary body.	0
A group of cows is called a 'herd'.	1
An exterior view of the center is given, and there are scenes inside the museum, showing simulation entrances to gas chambers in death camps.	0
One teaspoon of the Botulinum toxin has the potential to kill 1.2 billion people - This chemical is most commonly used in Botox.	1
Weighed 95,100 lbs, with 90mm gun, 4" armor, electrical transmission	0
Approaches to Issues of Arctic Governance in the 21st Century.”	0
Da'o eventually manifested low-level telepathic powers, changed her name and began building her weapons development company.	0
The first 4th of July celebration was in 1777.	1
Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you dont care, but because they don't.	1
C. Michniewicz (Nov 15, 2010–June 22, 2011) (Ekstraklasa)	0
The latter part of his response was in reference to his old childhood experiences of racial abuse.	0
title=The Seventh Century in the West-Syrian Chronicles	0
In 1990, Psychiatric Bulletin of the Royal College of Psychiatrists published the article "Compulsion in psychiatry: blessing or curse?"	0
A study was conducted that showed customers in a book-store were 3.48 times more likely to peruse romantic books if the store smelt of chocolate, and 5.93 times more likely to buy them!	1
"The Tariff Issue on the Eve of the Civil War," The American Historical Review Vol.	0
Studies show that brain waves are more active while dreaming than when you are awake.	1
The mountain lion goes by many names, including cougar, catamount, panther, red tiger, deer tiger, and puma.	1
The inner ear is found in all vertebrates, with substantial variations in form and function.	0
On average, PewDiePie receives around 2 million YouTube views on each video after only 24 hours of uploading them.	1
The race was memorably won by São Paulo native Carlos Pace driving a Brabham BT44B.	0
Engraved on his headstone were two lines from one of his own poems (originally dedicated to Andrew Young): "So clear you see those timeless things, That, like a bird, the vision sings".	0
In 2008, Ed Sheeran moved to London to follow his music career.	1
Giuseppe Alessi, 103, Italian politician, president of the Regional Council of Sicily (1947–1949, 1955–1956).	0
A study performed by Matter and Meier (2008) showed that women who self-reported higher prospective memory ability were more satisfied with oral contraceptive use and experienced lower stress levels.	0
Harry Veitch, owner of James Veitch &amp; Sons, recognised these as belonging to an as yet undescribed species and sent Charles Curtis to locate a sample and send seeds to the United Kingdom.	0
Anakin’s mother claimed that her son was conceived without a father, Qui-Gon Jinn theorised that the will of the Force caused his birth.	1
The call of the eagle owl is a deep resonant ooh-hu with emphasis on the first syllable for the male, and a more high-pitched uh-Hu for the female.	0
Beardsley Park — 1875 Noble Ave. (added April 18, 1999)	0
In 1159 Cappeln became independent from nearby Emstek and founded its own parish.	0
Ths area is also referred to as "North of The River" by locals and local TV news and traffic reporting.	0
Emilie is a strong advocate for animal rights and is often encouraging people to adopt from a shelter through her Twitter, @emiliederavin.	1
There she embarked Rear Admiral Arthur W. Radford, Commander, Carrier Division 6, and joined Task Force 38 (TF 38) as a unit of Rear Admiral Frederick C. Sherman's Task Group 38.3 (TG 38.3).	0
Trump gave media interviews endorsing Romney before the Michigan primary.	0
Nintendo was started in 1889 as a playing card company.	1
In Australia, the UK and the US, dance studios are beginning to offer classes just for men.	0
It takes 50 minutes to soft boil and two hours to hard boil an ostrich egg	1
Neither this term nor the equivalent for "eunuch" occurs in the Qur&apos;an, but the term does appear in the Hadith, the sayings of Muhammad, which have a secondary status to the central text.	0
They have a brother called Kevin, he is one year older.	1
If you were to have your picture taken by the very first camera, you’d need to sit still for 8 hours.	1
Leaderboard after final round (USA unless stated): (1) Yani Tseng 269 (−19) (2) Morgan Pressel 279 (−9) (T3) Paula Creamer, Cristie Kerr & Suzann Pettersen 280 (−8)	0
The all-Welsh-language digital station S4C Digidol is available throughout Europe on satellite and online throughout the UK.	0
After losing to Henin in the final of the International Women&apos;s Open in Eastbourne, 5–7, 7–6(4), 6–7(2), after being up 4–1 in the deciding set, defending champion Mauresmo went into Wimbledon saying that she was ready to win another major title.	0
He labels the first chapter "Arjuna Vishada Yogam" or the "Yoga of Arjuna's Dejection".	0
Initially headed by Yevhen Konovalets, it promoted the idea of armed struggle for the independence of Ukraine.	0
Male bull reindeer can measure up to 214cm, and can weigh up to 700lb.	1
She returned from a nursing home to be at Delius's side when he died in June 1934.	0
For every 100 females there were 86.8 males.	0
Its title is a stylization of the phrase "music in our message" (or "music and our message").	0
Podlesie, Wałbrzych County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)	0
She sings in the first verse, "Maybe I should have called you first, but I was dying to get to you/I was dreaming while I drove the long, straight road ahead."	0
Love has nothing to do with your heart, it's all chemical reactions inside of your brain	1
Mill says, "As between his own happiness and that of others, utilitarianism requires him to be as strictly impartial as a disinterested and benevolent spectator."	0
Attempts to define probabilities for all subsets of the real numbers run into difficulties when one considers 'badly behaved' sets, such as those that are nonmeasurable.	0
Propertius, to cite one example, notes Plus in amore valet Mimnermi versus Homero - "The verse of Mimnermus is stronger in love than Homer".	0
Collecting cheese labels is known as ‘tyrosemiophilia’.	1
The Giant Swallowtail Butterfly is one of the biggest butterfly species on the planet, with wings spanning from 4 to 7 inches.	1
Besides England, the Netherlands were, under Calvinist leadership, the freest country in Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.	0
The film follows three characters, a hit-man, a mobster and a corrupt detective who confront each other when events come to a head for them.	0
A crocodile can't move its tongue	1
The F2001 used the same basic gearbox and internal layout as its predecessors, however the aerodynamic efficiency and tyre wear were improved considerably over the F300 (1998), F399 ( ) and F1-2000 ( ).	0
Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.	1
McAvennie started his playing career in Scottish Junior League football.	0
The Victoria Cross was granted to 38 Indians after WWII.	1
Determine any bounds on the values of x and y.	0
Donati wrote "sacred concertos", motets, masses and psalm settings.	0
Telephone hummer/oscillator by A. S. Hibbard in 1890 (carbon microphone has power gain); Larsen "used the same principle in the production of alternating current from a direct current source"; accidental development of vacuum tube oscillator; all at p. 86.	0
The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.	1
In recent decades agriculture has intensified and often shifted from livestock to crop farming in the pampas of Argentina and Uruguay, due to the region’s high soil fertility.	0
Kevin Costner in For Love of the Game and Message in a Bottle as Billy Chapel and Garret Blake	0
Afghan Hounds can often be seen showing off at dog competitions and events, but it seems they don’t have much more than their looks going for them – they are thought to be the world’s most stupid dog.	1
He has never seen the film, Titanic.	1
In 2001, Hahn Air became an IATA member and joined numerous BSPs (including France, the United Kingdom and Spain).	0
Acrophobia is the fear of heights	1
Some can be as small as pins, others as tall as humans.	1
That game, with the Dragons winning 16-2, set a rugby league record crowd for the ground when 28,884 people attended, and was in fact the highest minor round attendance for the 1991 NSWRL season.	0
He also worked as a football analyst providing colour commentary for Croatian Radiotelevision during their broadcasts of the Croatia national team's matches.	0
They found out how deep the cavern is and pumped up some helium gas into the cavern as the money slowly went back up to the Money Bin.	0
It was a bold and sumptuous presentation, and took place in the context of a benefit performance.	0
Although Macdonogh warned that the BEF was faced by at least two German corps, French did not cancel the planned advance until a message from Joffre (7pm) warned that he was faced by at least three German corps, although he still ordered Smith-Dorrien to try to hold his ground.	0
Niall had two fish called Tom and Jerry, but they both died because he over fed them!	1
John is 10 minutes older than Edward.	1
The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.	1
In November 1879, his novel The Red Room was published.	0
The 'Ffynnon' is located across the river Twrch in Lower Cwmtwrch and can be accessed using the river walkway bridge or by car if using the Rhiw Fawr road.	0
Law Librarians' Society of Washington, DC	0
May be composed of one to three gears.	0
Starter Motor (typically 1–2 kW): 80-160 A	0
Sergei Golitsyn (1909–1989) wrote Memoirs of a Survivor: The Golitsyn Family in Stalin's Russia, a memoir of his experiences of the period from the start of the Revolution in 1917 to Russia's entry into World War II in 1941.	0
He went to Manchester Metropolitan University and studied Geography, but dropped out in pursuit of a professional singing career.	1
The link on the Decipher website leading to the Lord of the Rings RPG is currently dead, and no new content had been released since 2006.	0
Hunter Boot Ltd. is a rubber wellington boot and footwear importer based in Edinburgh, Scotland.	0
1984 - Partido Alto .... Selma	0
This provided a muzzle velocity of 855 meters per second (2,805 ft/s).	0
It was well worked during its life, with production in 1880 alone documented as 67,000 tons.	0
One limitation of common slings is that they bend and compress the patient during transfer which can be difficult for patients with painful medical conditions.	0
The boys say Calum is the most feminine, as he doesn’t have much leg hair.	1
Bruce Willis admits to taking drugs as a teenager.	1
Dionysus bust: marble, Tyre, 3rd century A.D.	0
The world’s smallest dog was a Yorkshire Terrier, which weighed just four ounces.	1
II (Journey to the Land of Brahmans)(1878)	0
There is no federally declared official language for the U.S. English is only the official language of 32 states.	1
Surviving relatives are present on all three continents.	0
Over half of your body weight is made up oxygen.	1
Local Identity and Voting Behavior), Bologna, Il Mulino.	0
Although they have no place to go, they hastily pack and leave, but Walter decides to let them stay.	0
Brock, who lived hard in his early years, changed his lifestyle considerably after the failed 1984 Le Mans attempt left him physically and emotionally drained.	0
In Ecuador the volcanoes are located in the Cordillera Occidental and Cordillera Real while in Colombia they are located in Cordillera Central.	0
Similar to human teeth, the enamel of dogs is vulnerable to tetracycline staining.	0
Crime in the European country of Liechtenstein is so low residents don't bother locking their doors - the last murder was over 15 years ago.	1
His full name is Dylan Luke Dauzat.	1
Her favourite show is So You Think You Can Dance?.	1
He noted that in 1969, Foucault embodied the idea of "the militant intellectual".	0
The creator of SpongeBob SquarePants was once a marine biologist and science teacher whom once worked as a fry cook at a seafood restaurant.	1
Leading suffragists and very well-connected women were going to prison for sixty days for peacefully protesting.	0
The fabric is often either the fabric used for the shoe, or chirimen, crepe-like Japanese silk or rayon fabric.	0
However, Tarxien Rainbows and Msida Saint-Joseph were equal on points in their two matches and they played a decision game to determine the second relegated team.	0
But when the war with Octavian broke out, Antony could not maintain his conquests; Phraates recovered Media Atropatene and drove Artaxias, the son of Artavasdes, back into Armenia.	0
Disney's corporate headquarters in Burbank, California features a plaza honoring the recipients outside Team Disney - The Michael D. Eisner Building.	0
The longest recorded life span of a slug was 1 year, 6 months.	1
A University of Bristol physicist determined that the optimum time to dunk a biscuit is 3.5 seconds.	1
The number of jobs in the primary sector was 15, all of which were in agriculture.	0
An anteater is nearly 6 feet long, yet its mouth is only an inch wide.	1
Various parts of the sacred Lotus are also used in traditional Asian herbal medicine.	0
Princess Peach didn’t move until 1988, designers believed it was too complicated to make her a movable character.	1
Xiangshan Campus, China Academy of Art, Phases I & II (2002–07), Hangzhou	0
Fishing was once prominent in the Elbe River, which contains 33 of the 40 species of fish caught in the region.	0
The region is made up of the following administrative areas:	0
Nathu means "listening ears" and La means "pass" in Tibetan.	0
The duo has been nominated for numerous awards including a 2014 Teen Choice Award nomination for Most Popular Viner and a 2015 MTV Woodie Award nomination for Top Social Climber.	1
The building is situated to the east of the former castle, near the former castle moat.	0
Laces or threads are also used to decorate the jewellery.	0
Share 34 461 ha is agricultural land (55.5%) of the total land surface.	0
Lois Griffin has cheated on Peter several times and has had so many affairs that her promiscuity landed her the nickname “Loose Lois”, a nickname mentioned for the first time in “Road to Europe”.	1
The appearance of these birds is very varied, but they mostly have weak songs and harsh calls.	0
It is used in some calcium carbonate antacids to make them tart.	0
"Let's Get It Started" (Spike Mix)	0
The human body creates 2,500,000 new red blood cells every second	1
Eminem’s song “Lose Yourself” was the first rap song to win an Oscar for Best Original Song, however instead of watching the awards, Eminem was asleep watching cartoons with his daughter.	1
A Jersey cow weighs between 700 and 1,000 pounds.	0
The Rector is the president of the University Senate and the main representative of the University in various national and international bodies.	0
Careful husbanding of resources and astute tactical awareness meant JG 2 and JG 26 kept their losses to a minimum while inflicting maximum damage on the RAF Spitfires.	0
Banknotes lose economic value by wear, since, even if they are in poor condition, they are still a legally valid claim on the issuing bank.	0
In August 2008, Virgin Records filed a $30 million lawsuit, claiming the band refused to deliver three albums as required by its contract.	1
Cabana and Punk later became two–time ROH Tag Team Champions.	0
Jimmy Young (November 14, 1948 – February 20, 2005) was a Philadelphia heavyweight boxer who had his greatest success during the 1970s, when he most notably beat George Foreman and lost a disputed decision against Muhammad Ali.	0
If she is a historical person, she probably lived during the late 11th or early 12th century, but no sources that mention her can be dated earlier than the 15th century.	0
The first thorough scientific description of the tree was made by Stephen Troyte Dunn, Superintendent of the Botanical and Forestry Department, who assigned it to the genus Bauhinia in his paper of 1908.	0
His works on Marx were part of a lifelong interest in the role of atheism in the history of modern philosophy, which culminated in 1964 in his magnum opus The Problem of Atheism.	0
The Arabian Leopard, found primarily in the deserts of Arabia, is the smallest subspecies of leopard.	0
She was denied access to King’s College, Cambridge, for fear she would leave mid-term to act.	1
The band recorded the song "Domani 21/04.09", a cover of Mauro Pagani's "Domani" released as a charity single to raise funds in support of the victims of the 2009 L&apos;Aquila earthquake.	0
However, central policies are voted upon by the server admin community which is archived for referencing.	0
For example, in triangulation surveys, the primary point identified was called the triangulation station, or the "main station".	0
Over the years Sprite has had 17 variations worldwide, including: Sprite Zero, Sprite Remix, Sprite Blast, Sprite Ice, Sprite Duo, Sprite Super Lemon, Sprite Lemon Lime Herb, Sprite Recharge, Sprite Green, Sprite 3G, Sprite Cranberry, Sprite 6 Mix (aka Sprite LeBron’s Mix) and Sprite Tropical.	1
In summary, there is a one-to-one correspondence (up to equivalence) between the descents of principal connections to associated fibre bundles, and G-connections on associated fibre bundles.	0
The word "pukka" is still used formally in 19th- and 21st-century English and Greek to describe something as "first class" or "absolutely genuine".	0
The basic rules allow suicide (or self-capture).	0
After the release of their third album, and the departure of Gerard Chambellant, the group officially became a duo and released The Door of Serenity in 2002 which was followed by Hidden Temple in February 2004.	0
Lisa is the only Simpson kid who appears in every episode to date.	1
Longhorn cattle of Africa and Zebu Longhorn cattle originally from India.	0
Just like Sauron was the embodiment of evil, Gandalf was the embodiment of good.	1
Since 2000, earth-based sensors have detected 26 asteroid explosions at least as powerful as a nuclear bomb.	1
On the 12th day of Christmas my true love gave to me: Twelve Drummers Drumming…	1
Komaki is quick to defend Aoi whenever Kyouichi seems to bully her.	0
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union reclassified Pluto as a dwarf planet.	1
In this remake, Aldrich and Griffiths reversed this angle; here, she merely strings him along in an attempt to escape.	0
Richard O'Callaghan (born Richard Brooke, 7 March 1940, London) is an English film, stage and television character actor.	0
However, that process started almost immediately when local men of means started putting pressure on local governors in order to gain or regain influence on local matters.	0
Tom Parker learned to play the guitar at the age of sixteen after trying Lewis’ guitar.	1
When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley “Hugo” Reyes, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.	1
Chancellor of the University of Cape Town	0
The family lives with alcoholic, disguise wearing Roger the alien.	1
It takes 1,100 watts to power a toaster	1
This set a record for an American work of art sold at auction.	0
The First 9½ Weeks (1998) - directed by Alex Wright and starring Paul Mercurio, Clara Bellar, and Malcolm McDowell	0
He subsequently attended the College of William and Mary, where he was a third-team College All-American and Colonial Athletic Association All-Star in 2001, when he hit .390 with 18 home runs and 69 RBI.	0
Elizabeth's death in 1762 prevented Rastrelli from completing this grand design.	0
Décembre, directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina (1972)	0
It led to a decades-long collaboration between Barbeau and Beynon, and the anthropologist writing an enormous volume of field notes—still mostly unpublished.	0
Picasso was accepted to the School of Fine Arts at 13, where he completed his entrance exams in just one week – a feat which took most students one month.	1
Artaxias II was the eldest son of Artavasdes II of Armenia by an unnamed mother and was the namesake of his paternal ancestor, a previous ruling Armenian King Artaxias I. Artaxias II had two siblings: a younger brother called Tigranes III and an unnamed sister who possibly married King Archelaus of Cappadocia.	0
That evening an attack was mounted on a tyre factory in Birmingham.	0
In the originally French language, the term normally refers to Brabant, literally Brabantian in English.	0
The Lotus is even believed to have given birth to the sun.	1
Despite the commercial appeal of the music and the high economic effort in producing it, the album did not have the critical and sales success that was expected and remained the last studio album by Doro published in the United States for ten years.	0
The 'central' scheme was a route from Exeter around the north of Dartmoor, an easy route to construct but with little intermediate traffic.	0
In 2009, Marge Simpson was featured on the cover of Playboy magazine.	1
As to be truly virtuous during life is the quality of a great man who will perpetually dwell as a soul in the underworld.	0
Amy and Jedward filmed an advertisement for Celebrity Big Brother 2012, which first aired on 16 December 2011.	0
Up In The Air is their first single from the album Love Lust Faith + Dreams, this CD was sent into space on 1st March 2013, which makes Up In The Air the first ever commercial copy of music into space!	1
Miguel Cabrera was voted in as the starter at third base in the fan voting; Prince Fielder, Jhonny Peralta, Torii Hunter and Max Scherzer were selected as reserves in the player voting; Justin Verlander was added by manager Jim Leyland.	0
Many have theorized that Fontana found some of the famous erotic frescoes and, due to the strict modesty prevalent during his time, reburied them in an attempt at archaeological censorship.	0
Meyer has been influenced by writers such as William Shakespeare, Jane Austen and Emily Brontë.	1
Massimo Cavaliere (born 21 November 1962) is an Italian fencer.	0
The Man Who Got Away tells the story of David McMillan who was a British born Australian drug smuggler and the only westerner in history to escape from Klong Prem prison in Bangkok.	0
He has claustrophobia, which is the fear of small/enclosed spaces.	1
2000 FICEB Ninfa Award winner – Best Lesbian Scene (Alexia and Cie - International Film Grup) with Nikki Anderson & Silvia Saint)	0
He voiced a patient on Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist in the 1995 episode "Everybody's Got a Tushy".	0
Cher has two pet dogs, Misti and Barbie.	1
John’s Full name is John Paul Henry Daniel Richard Grimes.	1
In its early days, undergraduates had the right to directly pursue graduate study at Harvard or Yale without any entrance exams.	0
D12 is a rap group also known as the Dirty Dozen.	1
In the study, Jehovah's Witnesses ranked lowest in statistics for having earned a graduate degree and interest in politics.	0
Saint-Laurent-d'Arce is a fellow winegrowing centre, near Bordeaux.	0
The 14-50 has a rating of 50 A and a straight neutral pin sized so that it will not fit in the slot of a 14-30.	0
African Men's Championship in Salè, Morocco:	0
Adam Daniewicz (1906-1984) - Polish film and theatre actor,	0
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.	0
Anya is often at a loss to know how to communicate with humans, and her speech is frequently abrupt.	0
Veikkausliiga was founded in 1990; before that the top division was called Mestaruussarja (championship series) since 1930 which was an amateur or semi-professional league.	0
Extreme sadness, hopelessness, lack of energy, irritability, trouble concentrating, feelings of guilt, symptoms of " Major depression."	1
"Baš za mene, Interšpar za mene" (Perfect for me, Interspar for me)—Croatian Interspar slogan	0
2 As of the 2005–06 NHL season, all games will have a winner; the OTL column includes SOL (Shootout losses).	0
Jeff Dowd went to Hollywood to become a screenwriter and producer.	0
She steals money from Karan's boss, for which Karan is again made a patsy.	0
A red blood cell takes only about 20 seconds to make a complete circuit through your body.	1
Cosmo Iacavazzi, the Princeton graduate, is the third "Cosmo" in the Iacavazzi family.	0
It was also throbbing with the problems of philosophy and metaphysics he had thrashed out, above all, with Lipiner."	0
Joseph DutkaniczUnited States Army Military IntelligenceUS1960Defected to the Soviet Union	0
514 Armida is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.	0
Over 100 Search and Rescue dogs were deployed to help find survivors in the rubble of the towers.	1
Babe insists on playing and tries to win a fortune with his savings in an organized gambling session.	0
The least common day to be born on is 22nd May.	1
Horses are often seen in photographs ‘laughing’ or ‘smiling’, but this movement is actually to help them smell better.	1
The anti-Jewish riots of 1880 and 1881 however, aroused in Lilienblum a consciousness of the unsafe position of the Jews "in exile," and he wrote of his apprehensions in an article entitled Obshcheyevreiski Vopros i Palestina (in Razsvyet, 1881, Nos.	0
James Weaver (Wisconsin politician), member of the Wisconsin State Assembly	0
Creative direction and design: Frank Maddocks	0
1994 - Frances Heflin, American actress (b.	0
Letting Dr. Don and/or Dr. Dan die in any mission where the player must protect them.	0
More people are killed by hippopotamuses then by lions, elephants and water buffalos combined	1
He has two younger brothers called William and Ben.	1
the proletariat's beliefs were conditioned by their relationship to the means of production).	0
"Genomic Ancestry of the American Puma".	0
1813 first elected in 1867 as Liberal member for St. John's, Quebec.	0
"I saw a fishing boat I rather liked, and I wanted to buy it.	0
A short movie on the Abu Ghraib series by Fernando Botero.	0
Donald Willis (born 1973), former American football player	0
After the start of the Meiji period, the area became part of Mogami District, Yamagata Prefecture.	0
Its seat is the village of Kamionka, which lies approximately west of Lubartów and north of the regional capital Lublin.	0
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture (Frank Pierson)	0
You shed a complete layer of skin every 4 weeks	1
That theorem has its main interest in the case that the power series has radius of convergence exactly 1: if the radius of convergence is greater than one, the convergence of the power series is uniform for r in so that the sum is automatically continuous and it follows directly that the limit as r tends up to 1 is simply the sum of the a n .	0
Fergie from the Black Eyed Peas voiced over Sally Brown from the tv cartoon Peanuts.	1
India census, Navghar-Manikpur had a population of 116,700.	0
William Hung, made famous for his appearance on American Idol singing “She Bangs“, is a 73rd generation descendant of Confucius.	1
Norrland was the name for the annexed lands to the north on both sides of the Gulf of Bothnia.	0
Chickens can run up to 9 miles per hour!	1
British government honored him with vast lands where he later formed 3 estates.	0
On December 9, 2011, Wilcox agreed to a contract with the Boston Celtics for the midlevel exception ($3 million).	0
Males had a median income of $31,936 versus $22,650 for females.	0
Swimsuits that revealed any part of the torso was considered indecent at one point, even on men!	1
Members of Congress considered reverting the fix after the appointed nominee had resigned and assumed the post so that Knox would not have to forgo any emoluments.	0
, also known simply as Power Pro or Pawapuro to non-Japanese speakers, is a traditionally Japan-only baseball series created by Konami.	0
Brown's legal problems however grew serious as he would be often arrested for several offenses over the years including drug possession, driving under the influence and driving while intoxicated.	0
It takes a number of years for a baby eagle to grow its talons fully.	1
Mexico is located in the “Ring of Fire” which is one of the earth’s most violent earthquake and volcano zone!	1
Peter broadcast his own television station after the FCC ban; he called it PTV.	1
The first role as an adult for Harris was in 1995’s Animal Room – ironically enough, he played a teenager.	1
State ranking: 767 out of 853 municipalities as of 2000	0
Of California’s 7,000 plant species, 20% of those can be found within Yosemite National Park.	1
Miroslav Satan1000th career gameFebruary 4, 2009	0
The dinosaurs became extinct before the Rockies or the Alps were formed!	1
The 2011–12 season for Diaby was blighted once again by injury problems.	0
lines 14.256–283 – Those who take risks to increase their fortunes are like tightrope walkers.	0
After Dulok's death, his ring passed to Iolande, the young queen of Betrassus.	0
Einstein started tutoring youngsters around the turn of the century as his financial situation became so poor.	1
The Statue of Liberty weighs over 225 tons	1
The winter of 1932 was so cold that Niagara Falls froze over completely	1
It has a student population of about 6,000.	0
It consists of various clips of the band performing, at the Newport Centre August 2009, and backstage, similar to the "Goodbye Tonight" video.	0
More precisely, the great majority of the municipality, save for Xiushan, speak Sichuanese, including the primary Chengdu-Chongqing dialect and Minjiang dialect spoken in Jiangjin and Qijiang.||03.2000||Chongqing, Sichuan, Guizhou, Yunnan	0
Nearby metallic objects in the direct beam and side lobes of the transmit antenna including rusty bolts, roof flashing, vent pipes, guy wires, etc.	0
Protected areas of New South Wales	0
While the British were not the first to make use of heavier-than-air military aircraft, the RAF is the world's oldest independent air force: that is, the first air force to become independent of army or navy control.	0
She foretold the success of the Germans against the Roman legions during the Batavian revolt.	0
Best Cinematography: Tudor Rose by Mutz Greenbaum	0
State Junior High School 9 Tangerang Selatan	0
The final innovation during the 19th century was the development of the torpedo and development of the torpedo boat.	0
The most leaves ever found on a single clover is 56.	1
These risks can be reduced by treatment with an appropriate laser type used at appropriate settings for the individual's skin type and treatment area.	0
They gave a business presentation at A2A and also appeared at Eurosonic.	0
Yamahata was born in Singapore; his father, Shōgyoku Yamahata ( , later to become known as a photographer) had a job there related to photography.	0
Throughout the Dark Ages the parish appears to have been remote enough to be untouched by any local conflicts, while absorbing successive waves of immigrants from nearby towns.	0
It was first published on 26th November in 1865.	1
Also, in recent decades, newly inaugurated presidents have chosen to deliver speeches to joint sessions of Congress in the early months of their presidencies, but have not officially considered them State of the Union addresses.	0
2 million hydrogen atoms would be required to cover a full stop (.)	1
Villeneuve d'Ascq is the first academic pole of the metropolitan area.	0
He was instrumental in the introduction of the euro in the European Union in 2002.	0
《三十以後才明白》Only Understand it After 30 Years Old（1988年）	0
The City of Abbotsford has its own municipal police force, one of eleven municipal police forces in British Columbia.	0
The band are supporters of multiple charities such as, Amnesty International, Make Poverty History and Oxfam.	1
Though the university was young, it has already chalked up over 11 years of experience in education and training since 1995 with over 1000 graduates in the fields of engineering, computer science and management.	0
Leonard David Eron (pronounced Ear- On) (April 22, 1920 – May 3, 2007) was an American psychologist best known for his Columbia County Longitudinal Study that concluded television viewing led to violence.	0
French administration Departments, attached to Ministries (especially Economy & Finance, Defense, Homeland Affairs, Foreign Affairs and Relations with the European Union, Agriculture, Maritime Affairs, etc.)	0
Alfie Moon, a character in the BBC soap opera EastEnders	0
Carbondale is a city in Jackson County, Illinois, United States, within the Southern Illinois region informally known as "Little Egypt".	0
T. sangzhiense Zhu, 1998 — China	0
The most sung song is happy birthday	1
In 1981, after the 1980–81 season, Johnson signed a 25-year, $25-million contract with the Lakers, which was the highest-paying contract in sports history up to that point.	0
On 13th November 1971, the Mariner 9 reached Mars and officially became the first artificial satellite to orbit Mars.	1
70% of the land in England is still owned by 1% of the population, largely descended from William the Conqueror's army.	1
Christopher Lehmann-Haupt (born 1934) is an American journalist, critic and novelist who has worked in the field of books all of his professional career.	0
What was the impact of the gold rush on Victoria’s population?	0
He then sold Gray to Aston Villa and brought in Gary Lineker who scored more than 30 goals in the 1985–86 season season.	0
It was perhaps this track, above the others, which caused A&M to view the band as 'unsuitable' for their label with what was seen as weird and too psychedelic for popular consumption.	0
3rd National Under-23 Time Trial Championships	0
She’s also said that if she wasn’t an actress she’d be a shepherdess and go back to university to get a horticulture degree.	1
41% of people talk to their cars.	1
Rooney has a tattoo of the words “Just Enough Education to Perform”, the title of an album by the Stereophonics – Rooney’s favourite band.	1
A study in 2011 showed that the average person moans for 34 minutes on a Monday, compared to the 22 minutes on other days.	1
Barbados has had uninterrupted parliamentary governance since 1639, which makes it the world’s third oldest parliament.	1
Cameron is a fan of R&amp;B music.	1
People who regularly get less than 6 hours of sleep increase their chances of dying over a 25 year period by 12%!	1
Sometimes used when that decision is made on the basis of unauthorized information or an undisclosed partnership understanding.	0
The author is responding to the supporters of the hypothesis theory by arguing that medicine has a systematic character to qualify it as a tekhne (art, craft or science).	0
The Seasons of Youth (1961) - Premise Player	0
Davidson told him that he was in command in that area and informed him of his plan for the attack.	0
The color brown resembles death in India because it is the color of dead or dying leaves.	1
If Aston was to grow his hair, he’d have an afro!	1
The song was met with positive reviews from critics.	0
Rąbczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	0
Rigid fiber assemblies sometimes put light-absorbing ("dark") glass between the fibers, to prevent light that leaks out of one fiber from entering another.	0
Coach of the Year: Mike D&apos;Antoni, Phoenix Suns	0
The next month, he was promoted to SS-Gruppenführer (major general).	0
The breeding habitat occurs in various habitats of southern Baja Peninsula of Mexico where it is considered endemic.	0
He became an Associate Professor of Anthropology and Associate of the Center for South and Southeast Asian Studies at the University of Michigan from 1966-1995.	0
Niall didn’t do his school exams.	1
During the Meiji period, the term Akahon was also common.	0
John R. McLane Land and Local Kingship in eighteenth-century Bengal (Cambridge) 1993	0
The new temples varied in size but were generally less than allowing temples to be built where there were fewer members.	0
During this time the company transformed from a craftsman's business into an industrial vehicle manufacturer.	0
Along with /RAS and /CAS, this selects one of 8 commands.	0
Professional golf tournaments often end on a Sunday.	1
Forbes retained his parliamentary seat until 1943, when he retired after 35 years as a Member of Parliament.	0
Progressive rock continues to appeal to its longtime fans and is also able to attract new audiences.	0
The dictyostelids are another group formerly classified among the fungi.	0
In 1793, Granet followed the volunteers of Aix to the siege of Toulon, where he obtained employment as a decorator in the arsenal.	0
In the 1970s, fuel and transportation costs were at an all-time high in constant dollar terms.	0
In order to establish peace, King Burhred of Mercia ceded Nottingham to the Danes in exchange for leaving the rest of Mercia undisturbed.	0
He spent a total of six years playing Hugo Reyes on LOST.	1
At the Australian Open he reached the third round but lost to Richard Gasquet.	0
The Saskatchewan general election of 1912 was the third provincial election in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.	0
It is hard to consider Keshan disease extremely preventable because the only way to ensure that the individual is getting enough selenium would be to test the soil in the area.	0
The Yiddish edition has recently enjoyed a modest increase in circulation as courses in the language have become more popular among university students; circulation has leveled out at about 5,500.	0
The second game takes place two years later, and sees Shepard battling the Collectors, an alien race abducting entire human colonies in a plan to help the Reapers return to the Milky Way.	0
Disney films are one of Jades guilty pleasures!	1
Since 1993 no Blueberry comics have been published in English.	0
, released in the U.S. and Canada territory by Fox Kids through 20th Century Fox on October 6, 2000, consists of the union of the first three Japanese movies.	0
The Sanctuary of the Madonna di S. Marco (Madonna of S. Mark), built in 1939, conserves one wooden statue created in 1531 representing the Madonna with Child on throne.	0
Kentwell Cup (1st Grade): 1923, 1927, 1954	0
It is a public property and possible to walk the full length of the beach, past all the hotels, resorts, and public beach bars.	1
Starring Joan Crawford in her last silent film role, the film also stars Rod La Rocque, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and Anita Page.	0
He also relies on his team to help him solve problems."	0
British prisoners, in particular, received parcels regularly and in abundance: French prisoners received far fewer, and Italians and Russians virtually none.	0
They are known as the 'bird-hipped' dinosaurs because of their bird-like hip structure, even though birds actually belong to the 'lizard-hipped' dinosaurs (the saurischians).	0
This means that they will only create the bright color of the packet if they are applied to light blond hair.	0
She was part of a girl group called, Soul Deep.	1
(IgG, IgM and IgA as well as IgE antibodies)	0
MACE was never an official product, although many customers were able to wrangle a copy from CDC.	0
This double character plays a part in the very final battle and though his loyalty does not change his dual nature makes it difficult to place him under "good" or "bad" and his true intentions if ending as winner are never fully disclosed.	0
The song ‘Big White Room’ was dedicated to a fellow ward mate who died in the hospital, when she was 17.	1
1980 : Lily Marlène dans la jungle, Western	0
The game resulted in a successful franchise that continues to be active to this day.	0
Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin Mosque (known as Iron Mosque) at Putrajaya	0
The series continued to be rerun in the United States on TNT at 5:00AM EST Monday through Friday, until eventually that came to an end as well.	0
Four-part Inventions in Lydian, Dorian, and Phrygian, Op.	0
O. longicornuta, O. platytarsis, O. pygoides and O. sinensis were determined to be synonyms of O. ceratophthalma, O. brevicornis, O. convexa and O. cordimanus respectively.	0
The company also produces commercial laundry equipment including wet cleaning machines, lab glassware washers, dental disinfectors, and medical equipment washers.	0
Rabbi Simeon ben Lakish reconciled the two sources, explaining that the hornet stood on the eastern bank of the Jordan and shot its venom over the river at the Canaanites.	0
He pleaded guilty to three counts of publishing an obscene article.	0
With little money, he has to hitchhike his way across the country.	0
He also holds a single-season record at 97.5%.	0
Entry is from Trout River Plaza through a traditional circular Moon Gate.	0
His Lordship's Mistress / Married by Mistake 2000 (with Melinda McRae)	0
Unlike when used for alcohol dependence (discussed above), naltrexone has little effect on opioid cravings.	0
Serhiy Puchkov (Oct 18, 2011–June 13, 2012)	0
All 3 systems are mobile and self-propelled, Tor using the 9A330 combat vehicle, which carries a crew of four (one driver, three operators), and acts as an autonomous Transporter, Launcher, And Radar unit, or TLAR (similar to but not a TELAR, as it does not erect the missile to a launch position).	0
The Abbasids were merciless with all Umayyads that they found.	0
As a 16-year-old in 1993–94, he recorded six goals and 29 points in 48 regular season games before playing an additional 19 in the playoffs.	0
The film’s star Jennifer Lawrence (Katniss Everdeen), Josh Hutcherson (Peeta Mellark) and Liam Hemsworth (Gale Hawthorne).	1
Everybody loves a good dog film, and in 2008, ‘Marley &amp; Me‘ managed to rake in almost $143 million, becoming the top-grossing dog movie of all time.	1
It’s almost impossible to snap a piece of dry spaghetti cleanly into two halves.	1
Helene Christaller ( , née Heyer 31 January 1872, Darmstadt - 24 May 1953, Jugenheim/Bergstraße) was a German Protestant writer mostly of youth books, especially for girls.	0
Gérard Balanche Christoph Lehmann Fabrice Piazzini Christian Hauswirth	0
Albert also believed that God alone is absolute ruling entity.	0
An average human being spends around 6 years of his life dreaming!	1
Beef is often cooked with alcoholic beverages, such as beer and wine, to tenderize it and add flavor.	0
After the 1840 treaty a governor and his small staff acted on behalf of the British government based on the British political system.	0
Satow, Ernest Mason and Baba Bunyei.	0
They are symbols of peace in China.	1
New-born giraffes stand at around 6 feet tall, making them taller than most adult humans.	1
Rejected names for the 7 Dwarfs included Hoppy-Jumpy, Biggy-Ego, Nifty, Dirty, Gloomy, Shifty, Blabby, Hotsy and Deefy.	1
His rescuer drives Jay to town and gives him a knife to "cut the balls off your enemy."	0
Vernon Dahmer, civil rights leader killed in Hattiesburg by Klansmen in 1966	0
‘Viva la Vida’, the self-titled track from the album Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, was number 1 on the Billboard UK Download Chart.	1
Hippo Regius, ancient name of the modern city of Annaba, Algeria	0
United Nations Security Council Resolution 166	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.	0
The area in and around the Grand Canyon has some of the cleanest air in the United States.	1
A Giant Panda has flat molars with ridges and cusps for chewing and grinding food.	1
Several fans have also begun garbing themselves in outlandish costumes in the style of football superfans (such as the Orange Gorilla or The Superhoo).	0
With the dissolution of the USSR in 1991, the Russian Federation was left with three-fifths of the railway track of the Union as well as nine-tenths of the highway mileage – though only two-fifths of the port capacity.	0
File:Hyenas at stolen impala kill.jpg|38 seconds later: The cheetah has fled without resistance.	0
This behavior may be due to need for extra nutrients or simply to eliminate competitors.	0
The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.	1
In early August 1940, the month he would have entered the Franciscan novitiate, Merton went to Olean, New York, to stay with friends, including Robert Lax and Ed Rice, at a cottage where they had vacationed the summer before.	0
The emissions of greenhouse gases produced by the movie's shooting were offset through Arthus-Bertrand's organisation GoodPlanet and its 'Action Carbone' program.	0
22La Cité du Numérique (Digital City)Video games-	0
Some songs embrace the drive of more contemporary critical favorites such as David Gray, Eels and the late Elliott Smith.	0
In September 1949, the Log began publishing a half-sized "Splinter" bi-weekly, to alternate with its larger sized publication.	0
Mountain Lions are excellent jumpers and have been documented to leap horizontally 40 to 47 feet (12.2 - 14.3 m) and 10 to 18 feet (3 - 5.5 m) vertically.	1
The Indian Subspecies anticrates is protected by law in India.	0
The Carabins sports teams participate in the Canadian Interuniversity Sport's (CIS) Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec (RSEQ) conference for most varsity sports.	0
that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1979 to 1997.	0
Signers of the Declaration of Sentiments hoped for "a series of Conventions, embracing every part of the country" to follow their own meeting.	0
The Club play at Cross Green.	0
Though a slick player and an admired coach, Lapchick was perhaps best known for his obsessive worrying and nervousness.	0
One close relative to the toucan is actually the woodpecker not the hornbill as they’re often mistakenly linked to.	1
Its conservation value is dictated by the archaeological investigations of the important intangible value of its cultural heritage.	0
Rönnlund also won the Vasaloppet in 1967 and the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival twice (1962 and 1968).	0
"The Red Bow" by George Saunders	0
Developed rapidly as a shipbuilding center in World War II, the city's industrial character gave way in postwar years to a reputation as a wealthy and artistic enclave, a picturesque residential community (incorporating large numbers of houseboats), and a tourist destination.	0
They come in only two sizes, 250 kg (550 lb) and 500 kg (1,100 lb).	0
Slowpoke is a dual-type Water/Psychic Pokémon.	1
It is scheduled to launch on February 15, 2016.	0
Soundwave then contacted Ravage in order to discover how he was resurrected.	0
It's an unconditional love, and it’s probably the most simple relationship Darla has ever had."	0
Bayonet: the Carignan-Salières were one of the first regiments to transition to the bayonet, which was introduced in 1647.	0
Eventually, Sed festivals were jubilees celebrated after a ruler had held the throne for thirty years and then every three (or four in one case) years after that.	0
This large mammal can drink up to 80 gallons of water in one single day.	1
The symbols for the 30 Seconds to Mars logo hasn’t actually been confirmed as meaning ’30 Seconds to Mars’.	1
A large avocado contains as many calories as a burger.	1
For outstanding success in closing the Volkhov pocket in June 1942, Tolsdorff received the German Cross in gold.	0
Boomerang thanks and then offers Spider-Man thousands of dollars to save him from the police, but Spider-Man webs him up along with his would-be assassin/thief.	0
Call the Midwife became a television adaptation.	1
Gandalf’s eyebrows were described as being so long and bushy, that they stuck out from beneath the rim of his hat!	1
Armadillos sleep anywhere from 16-18 hours per day!	1
His favourite meal is cut green beans, Atkins friendly potato sticks arranged in order of size, from large to small, and a Scooby-Doo yogurt with Shaggy’s eyes scratched out.	1
His artistic universe is very personal, and he deals primarily with improvisation, time, space, resonance, visuality, but also with humour.	0
ii) a separate population of memory neuronal elements that build a neural model of standard stimulation and respond more vigorously when the incoming stimulation violates that neural model, eliciting an MMN.	0
Although close to the concepts of the publications La Nueva República (The New Republic) — managed by Ernesto Palacios and the brothers Rodolfo and Julio Irazusta — and La Fronda, under the direction of Francisco Uriburu, they stayed close to the need of "order, hierarchy and authority".	0
He appeared in the 1-1 draw against Iran as Scotland exited in the first round.	0
Whenever Charles Dickens was away from home, he would always realign the bed he was sleeping in to face Northwards, as he felt that this fostered and unlocked his creativity.	1
No more difficulties, technical or otherwise, remained to be solved.	0
A commentary in the North Korean newspaper Minju Chosun said Bush "deserved" the shoe throwing incident as a result of "failed policy in Iraq".	0
Satellite photos detect "the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war.	0
Zenaida Yanowsky is a Spanish ballet dancer and principal dancer with the Royal Ballet in London.	0
It prefers poor, dry upland soils, but is also found in moist mixed woodlands.	0
It takes the whole of one year’s crop from one tree to make half a kilo of cocoa.	1
He made his first MLB All-Star Game appearance in 1955.	0
He would subsequently preside over the Bureau from 2007 to 2008.	0
Generally, more dominant cows are less fearful and use their right eyes more often.	1
Alan agrees with his wife, and accompanies Elizabeth to save their marriage, leaving Mimi behind crushed.	0
This paradigm is mostly based on the work of the German philosopher Hans Joas, one that emphasizes the creative character of human action.	0
Alexithymia is not classified as a mental disorder in the DSM-IV.	0
Ghost Recon puts the player in charge of the eponymous Ghosts, a fictional squad of United States Army Special Forces soldiers from Delta Company, 1st Battalion, 5th Special Forces Group.	0
Some e-mail joe jobs are acts of revenge like the original, whether by individuals or by organizations that also use spam for other purposes.	0
Butterflies belong to the Lepidoptera class of insects which are characterized by their large scaly wings.	1
He won that year's Grand Slam Cup, defeating World No.	0
The Grand Cayman Parrot (Amazona leucocephala caymanensis) also has a pink flush to its whitish forehead.	1
As starter Pokémon Go, Bulbasaur is the only one that is actually a dual-type specimen, none of them in the original few game series are more than single type creatures.	1
They typically have less explosive power than professional fireworks, but can still produce an acceptable show.	0
He met his long-term girlfriend Missy Yager on Broadway.	1
His favourite city is San Diego because he thinks the weather is always beautiful.	1
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.	1
Ficaria verna exists in both diploid (2n=16) and tetraploid (2n=32) forms which are very similar in appearance.	1
In an interview, Kunal has said that he is not too different from his television alter ego, Raj Koothrapali.	1
A coconut tree can have up to 180 coconuts harvested during a single harvest.	1
Ross published a version of the letter expurgated of all references to Douglas in 1905 with the title De Profundis, expanding it slightly for an edition of Wilde's collected works in 1908, and then donated it to the British Museum on the understanding that it would not be made public until 1960.	0
"Critically endangered Arabian leopards Panthera pardus nimr persist in the Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve, Oman".	0
Fumio Watanabe as Takeo Omura (the Father)	0
In the fiscal year 2012–2013, the city government's operating funds totaled $115,821,730.	0
Turkmenistan has the 6th largest oil and natural gas reserves in the world.	1
During mating rituals, the male Cobalt Zebra Fish displays ‘egg’ spots on his tail.	1
PANORAMA OPEN AIR Flensburg www.panoramaopenair.de LSD ON CIA	0
He studied ancient languages and literatures at Liège and Cologne, and law and jurisprudence at Paris and Orléans.	0
Neistat says he had difficulty with school and often got into trouble until he eventually dropped out at age 16.	1
He won his second non-ranking tournament, the Huangshan Cup in China, with a 5–3 win over the reigning Grand Prix champion Marco Fu.	0
As of November 2016 his net worth is $3.7 billion.	1
Tachophobia is the fear of speed	1
The average human being has exactly 23 chromosomes in their DNA, which is the same as a sable Antelope.	1
A cat’s heart beats nearly twice as fast as a human heart, beating 110-140 times a minute!	1
Golem are able to withdraw their head, arms, and legs into their shell and roll at high speeds.	1
A standard 12oz jar of honey take 864 bees to produce.	1
A member of the Swiss People's Party (UDC/SVP), Bugnon was elected to the National Council in 1999 and re-elected in 2003 and 2007.	0
Zsámbék is located 30 km west of Budapest along the M1 motorway in the Gerecse Mountains.	0
3.2 April 1851: Castlemaine district and Clunes, Victoria	0
The abutment stones are dressed limestone ashlar blocks, and form a sloping surface to support the arches.	0
He was the lead role in television series The Dog That Smiled when he was thirteen.	1
She also stars as the friend of Louie (a fictional character based off himself, Louis C.K.)	0
Over 150 million copies of Scrabble have been sold worldwide!	1
All of which, except for the sound system, are designed and composed by Jay himself.	0
Sonic the Hedgehog’s full name is actually Ogilvie Maurice Hedgehog.	1
40 on the Black Albums chart – an impressive feat for a British rock quartet.	0
Keep reading for more facts and information on the leopardÂ or alternatively download ourÂ comprehensive worksheet packÂ to utilise within the classroom or home environment.	0
Here he escapes the stereotype of "nativism" by incorporating European standards, but continues to achieve a sense of normalcy without the expected use of the colloquialisms which the protagonist Ti Noel would undoubtedly use.	0
bar:1930 from: 731 till:1896 text:"1,165" color:WI	0
Daniel had a publicized affair with Kate Moss.	1
One of his better known portraits titled “First Communion,” was done when Picasso was only 15 years old.	1
He is 5′ 5″ (1.6 metres) tall.	1
Food and beverages served on flights from Cyprus are provided by Cyprus Airways Catering facilities in Larnaca.	0
Each edition has a different cover.	0
5320252164 - 64 - 11 4 - 26 - 27 - 0	0
On September 10, 2010, BCE (a minority shareholder in CTVglobemedia) announced that it planned to acquire 100% interest in CTVglobemedia for a total debt and equity transaction cost of $3.2 billion CAD.	0
Rather than bow to convention, Mame introduces the boy to her free-wheeling lifestyle.	0
The Louisville area was on the eastern border of the Mississippian culture, in which regional chiefdoms built villages and cities with extensive earthwork mounds.	0
Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich 1 April 1661 – 28 May 1672	0
In 1968, Fred renamed his Super Sub store to the iconic “Subway” that we know today.	1
Henkel, F.-W. and W. Schmidt (1995) Amphibien und Reptilien Madagaskars, der Maskarenen, Seychellen und Komoren.	0
Pook was hired after choreographer Yolande Snaith rehearsed the masked ball orgy scene using Pook's composition "Backwards Priests" – which features a Romanian Orthodox Divine Liturgy recorded in a church in Baia Mare, played backwards – as a reference track.	0
Peregrine falcons have been found by National Park Service Rangers perched on the crown of the Statue of Liberty.	1
To the northeast runs the Autobahn A 62 (Kaiserslautern–Trier); the Kusel interchange is about 7 km away.	0
The longest one syllable word in the English language is 'screeched'	1
Whilst many people may not like to see animals in zoos, the lemur actually does really well in captivity.	1
Thus, Felipe became second-in-line in the line of succession to the vacant throne.	0
The D.C. in Washington D.C. stands for District of Columbia	1
To expand the Plant 2 operating area, a wooden trestle bridge was built across Fresh Kills creek.	0
At the time of its compilation, Albelda was the cultural and intellectual centre of the Kingdom of Pamplona.	0
In phytogeography, the Sonoran Desert is within the Sonoran Floristic Province of the Madrean Region in southwestern North America, part of the Holarctic Kingdom of the northern Western Hemisphere.	0
Team Sleep was finally released on May 10, 2005, to mostly positive reviews.	0
Air China (中国国际航空公司), flag-carrier airline, founded 1988	0
Adidas offered legendary BMX riders Ryan Nyquist and Dave Mirra their own signature sneakers to increase its popularity amongst BMX riders.	1
The teeth of a rabbit are very strong and they never stop growing.	1
This makes XHAS the only over-the-air-television station carrying Padres baseball.	0
In this sense, a hypothesis can never be proven, but rather only supported by surviving rounds of scientific testing and, eventually, becoming widely thought of as true.	0
John Grundy was again consulted in 1757, and Langley Edwards of King's Lynn was asked to review the positioning of the sluice in 1760.	0
Saad Hariri (Former Prime Minister of Lebanon)	0
They’re the first alternative group to have two top ten singles run concurrently in the US in 2015, ‘Stressed Out’ and ‘Ride’ from the album Blurryface from the same year.	1
The Cure’s third album Faith peaked the UK Charts at 14.	1
News, as well as other sources, reported on June 23, 2014 that Caterina Scorsone was upgraded to a series regular to continue her role as Dr. Amelia Shepherd, one of Dr. Derek Shepherd's four sisters.	0
The per capita income for the city was $25,405.	0
As the film opens a black Ferrari circles on a race track in the desert, its engine roaring in and out of the shot.	0
– Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has called the Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate him for the "brilliant success" of the approval of the constitutional referendum and that there will be soon a bilateral summit between the two countries.	0
For the dog, training is best begun early in life (upon acquisition of a suitable puppy, 8–10 weeks) for deployment of the dog in 12–18 months and retirement at 5–10 years, depending on the breed and individual dog.	0
Angel Mob - A group of kids with superhuman powers.	0
Because Russia has little exposure to ocean influences, most of the country receives low to moderate amounts of precipitation.	0
There is no Bills of Rights in this country, making it the only Western country to omit this from its governmental system.	1
He often fights Ernie the Giant Chicken.	1
Coconuts kill over 150 people each year (more than sharks)	1
Saint Thomas Christians (Syrian Malabar Nasrani)	0
EnGuarde the Swordfish, Squawks the Parrot and Rattly the Rattlesnake are 3 of the 11 animal characters who appear in Donkey Kong Country.	1
Although they have been known to travel as far inland as 124 miles (199 kilometers) from the shoreline, the mostly live close to or on the ice during the winter months.	1
Of the working population, 15.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 50.5% used a private car.	0
For the years 1710 to 1820, data are hardly available.)	0
Virginia tells her father after she returns to the castle, "But he was really sorry for all that he had done."	0
Frankee stated she chose this album title "because it explores the full spectrum of relationships".	0
Olive chez les nègres (1926 opera)	0
English folk name "ramson" (son of Ram), referred to the plant's	0
The largest desert in the world, the Sahara, is 3,500,000 square miles!	1
opened in Japanese theaters on September 11, 2004, double-billed with .	0
Stoker makes multiple references to Whitby – a place where he spent the summer holidays as a child.	1
1852 - Hermann Emil Fischer, German chemist, Nobel Prize laureate (d. 1919)	0
Al Franken (born 1951), United States satirist and junior Senator from Minnesota	0
In 1972 a new large auction building was completed in South Aalsmeer and expanded in 1999.	0
Previously, the land was called “Ahwahnee” which means “big mouth” by the Indians who inhabited the area.	1
She has a gold medal from the 2000 Olympic Games, and the Pan-American Games.	0
At the time, he had movement in his extremities.	0
The Archduke brought his interest in ballooning to the post, although the Army HQ immediately objected to the appointment.	0
June 25 – The 2009 NBA Draft took place in New York City.	0
File:Government college for Women Dhoke Kala Khan.JPG|Government college for Women, Rawalpindi	0
15% of the air you breathe at a train station is human skin.	1
Carroll finished his first season in the European Super League as top try-scorer for Leeds with 23 tries in 28 games, including hat-tricks in consecutive games.	0
Tomobella fotsy Szüts & Scharff, 2009 — Madagascar	0
"In trying to control warfare without the use of physical coercion it rapidly foundered on the rocks of a violent feudal reality."	0
Jared Leto is the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and main songwriter for the band.	1
Some window managers provide a desktop wallpaper facility that displays a background picture in the root window.	0
The album was essentially a 'posthumous' Mothers release having been released after Frank Zappa dissolved the band.	0
They only sweat through their paws, as this is the only place which has sweat glands.	1
2005 - 2005 Kashmir earthquake: Thousands of people are killed by a magnitude 7.6 earthquake in parts of Pakistan, India and Afghanistan.	0
The name is often recorded as a sept of the Clan MacFarlane who were based historically on the eastern side of Loch Lomond, but this only stems from an early inclusion of MacRobb as a MacFarlane sept, and no solid link between the, largely, lowland surname and highland clan has yet been found.	0
The only continent with no active volcanoes is Australia!	1
They live in sub-Saharan Africa, northeast Africa, Central Asia, India, and China.	0
In the year 608 AD, Emperor Phocas gave the Pantheon to Pope Boniface IV, who consecrated it as a church in honour of St Mary and the Martyrs.	1
The scales are tiny, with a bulbous base, a neck, and a flat or slightly curved diamond-shaped crown.	0
About 70% of the world’s animal spices come from India.	1
Taylor’s username on Twitter, Snapchat and Instagram is ‘taylorcaniff’.	1
Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Season 1, Episode 15, "Operation: Broken Feather"	0
bar:2001 at:3067 fontsize:XS text: 3067 shift:(-8,5)	0
When a leopard stalks prey, it keeps a low profile and slinks close to the ground.	0
Some male songbirds sing more than 2,000 times each day.	1
Proposed First World War Arch Of Triumph and the Related Post-War Soviet War Memorial	0
Mars is the second smallest planet in the solar system, after Mercury!	1
The Valene L. Smith Museum of Anthropology on the CSU, Chico campus presents temporary exhibits researched, designed and installed primarily by students.	0
During World War II the German submarine U-584 debarked four saboteurs at Ponte Vedra as part of the failed Operation Pastorius.	0
When a leopard stalks prey, it keeps a low profile and slinks close to the ground.	0
Moby Dick (from the novel of the same name) and Monstro (from Disney’s Pinocchio) are the most feared whales of fiction.	1
In a concert at the Teatro Brancaccio in Rome in 1998, De André made the following statements about the album:	0
"Single Ladies" debuted at number 72 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart issue dated November 1, 2008.	0
The present stem is usually related to the infinitive, and the past stem is just the infinitive without -ən or -n (in the case of vowel stems).	0
Born in Nottingham, Pennant played for his local side Notts County as a youngster.	0
In a deck of cards the king of hearts is the only king without a moustache	1
Geomelophagia is having the urge to eat raw potatoes.	1
The old part of the town of Fossano lies in the high part of the town.	0
In John Steinbeck’s 1945 novel Sweet Thursday, the Thursday of the title was said to have been preceded by a “Lousy Wednesday.”	1
Dogs can learn and understand up to 200 words, which makes them as smart as 2-year old babies in this department.	1
The change in legal status reflected growing public appreciation and concern for sound mountain lion management.	1
Boxing Day is one of the British bank holidays recognised since 1871.	1
The Latin alphabet is the primary contender mainly because its influence at the required period (4th century) is most easily established, viz., via Britannia, while the runes in the 4th century were not very widespread even in continental Europe.	0
On the 7th of January, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to their daughter, Blue Ivy Carter.	1
Home to many crocodiles, every year there is at least one fatal accident involved these creatures.	1
There is a common “dating rule” to determine whether your potential love interest is too young for you.	1
Although it is possible to distinguish conceptually between explicit and tacit knowledge, they are not separate and discrete in practice.	0
Serious outbreaks of typhus occurred at the camps at Wittenberg, Gardelegen, Cassel and Cottbus, among others: at Cassel, for example, of 18,300 prisoners, there were 7,218 cases of typhus, with a mortality rate of 11 per cent.	0
He died at the Luxembourg Palace.	0
Ortharexia Nervosa is an eating disorder where the sufferer is obsessed with eating healthy food.	1
The $649 32GB iPhone 7 costs $224.80 to build (including labour).	1
Terminator Salvation (2009) as John Connor	0
Aharon grew up and learnt to sing in the town.	0
before the 4th century; and as early as the 6th century the baptismal font was built in the porch of the church and then in the church itself.	0
Her grandmother hoped she would be a nurse.	1
The sun looses 4 million tons of matter every second.	1
Martsang Kagyu teachings are still transmitted, and in the 20th century, The eleventh Gangri Karma rinpoche received the Martsang Kagyu teachings from Karma Lingpa and Trinlay Gyamtso, who was the Khenpo of the Tropu Kagyu, and passed them on to his main disciple, Chodrak Gyamtso.	0
Excerpts from Tchaikovsky's Sixth can heard in a number of films, including Now, Voyager, the 1997 version of Anna Karenina, The Ruling Class, Minority Report, Sweet Bird of Youth, Soylent Green and The Aviator.	0
The village has a population of 570.	0
Older patients with ongoing problems may require continued intermittent self catheterization.	0
He was the last of 21 children born in the slums between Long Row and Parliament Street.	0
Some Mormon archaeologists and researchers claim various archaeological findings such as place names, and ruins of the Inca, Maya, Olmec, and other ancient American and Old World civilizations as giving credence to the Book of Mormon record.	0
The inactivated military standard only describes sheath colors of "natural" or "olive drab" ("Camouflage Green").	0
Launched in 2006, ATA created a unique program called FlightBank, a rewards program for the frequent traveler between the U.S. Mainland and the Hawaiian Islands.	0
The South Pacific island of Vanuatu banned the imports of western junk food as a way to combat future health problems.	1
East Germany restarted those open air theater plays in 1984.	0
The World Cup of Hockey was organized by the National Hockey League (NHL), unlike the annual World Ice Hockey Championships and quadrennial Olympic tournament, both sanctioned by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF).	0
He appeared as a waiter called Henry in a film called The Help (2011).	1
He also won thirteen caps for England.	0
It was shortly after Geena was born that Karen was diagnosed with cancer, and so the family moved back to South Wales in 1995 for family support.	0
The original version can be found on the album Freaks.	0
The official music video for She Looks So Perfect was directed by Frank Borin, and since its release on YouTube on 24th February 2014, it has been watched over 23 million times!	1
Kyosen to Maetake no Geba Geba 90 pun (Gyosen x Maetake's Geba Geba 90 minutes 巨泉×前武ゲバゲバ90分！)	0
David, however, in his dying charge to Solomon, bade him avenge the insult (I Kings 2:-9).	0
Wataru and his friends Shibaraku and Himiko each represent different elements of ancient Japan: Wataru with his magatama and association with dragons represents the pre-Yamato Watari clan.	0
The Latin name for banana is “musa sapientum” which translates to fruit of the wise men.	1
Middle meningeal artery, a large artery supplying the dura mater, often a source of an epidural hematoma	0
Vine covered areas were found near this habitat as well.	0
Neue Classification der Reptilien nach ihren natürlichen Verwandtschaften: nebst einer Verwandtschafts-Tafel und einem Verzeichnisse der Reptilien-Sammlung des K. K. Zoologischen Museums zu Wien.	0
In their regional final, UCLA overcomes an 11-point deficit to defeat Long Beach State, 57–55.	0
It is the capital of San Cosme Department.	0
Carter County has numerous small deposits of brown iron ore (limonite), and some effort has been made in the past to mine them, but the efforts have generally not been cost effective.	0
Many game companies choose game cons to reveal new products.	0
His book Zen Mind, Beginner&apos;s Mind has become a classic in western Zen culture.	0
Also, with more modern playing surfaces better able to handle light rains, the process for calling or shortening a game due to weather has changed; it is more common than in the past to delay a game as much as two hours before a cancellation; also, a delay usually does not occur anymore until the rain is moderate-heavy and/or there is standing water on some part of the playing field.	0
The name is onomatopoeic, mimicking the sound of a small (often two-cycle) engine.	0
Elite Impact DamsElite Impact Dams are cows that meet the criteria of an Impact Dam, plus have had at least 3 calves whose weaning weight (205 day weight) ratio is 100 or greater.	0
Sultanate of Showa, in central Ethiopia	0
Walking uses a total of 200 muscles with every step you take.	1
Michael Jackson’s shiny glove was actually just a modified golf glove.	1
Its name makes it the first country to be named after a woman.	1
They used the same J57-P engines as the tanker variant did, but carried cameras in a bay just aft of the nose wheel bay where the forward fuel tank was normally located.	0
In November 2007 it became public that the Citigroup is heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.	0
-Lock On After Launch (LOAL) optimized for medium range targets.	0
LEO (computer), first computer used for commercial business applications	0
When she would post on forums, her username was “Diva Duck,” however she was mostly active during the airing of Roswell.	1
It was a coalition of the national conservative German National People&apos;s Party (DNVP) under millionaire press-baron Alfred Hugenberg with Adolf Hitler's NSDAP Nazi Party, the leadership of the Stahlhelm paramilitary veterans' association, the Agricultural League and the Pan-German League organizations.	0
Shawn can only speak English fluently.	1
François-Louis was ordained a priest in 1735 after completing his studies at the Jesuit college in Grenoble and a seminary in Paris.	0
Plans for heliports on the roofs of the towers were even made.	0
Gunpowder is formed by mixing charcoal, saltpetre and sulphur	1
Bressers, Hans & Rosenbaum, Walter A., Achieving sustainable development: the challenge of governance across social scales, Greenwood Publishing Group, 2003, p 151, ISBN 0-275-97802-8.	0
Adjectives (in the third and first and second declensions) that have masculine nominative singular forms ending in –er have different forms.	0
The atomic symbol for iron is Fe (the original name for iron was Ferric)	1
Petrol has no specific freezing point (it can freezes at any temperature between -82 and -115C (-180 and -240F)	1
Secoya played Grasshopper Underground in Ferndale, Michigan on February 16, 2014.	0
After dwindling down to only two members, Snow wrestled against himself on an edition of Raw before Holly came down to the ring to prevent Snow from hurting himself, which led to the formal breakup of the J.O.B.	0
A new church was built between 1794 and 1796.	0
There are two spots (shown in green) that are still alive, having fewer than three lines attached.	0
1st in Stage 4 Herald Sun Tour (AUS)	0
BulworthWarren BeattyWarren Beatty & Pieter Jan Brugge	0
All male LEGO minifigures wore hats until 1979 when the designers created the first hair pieces.	1
PlotArea = left:50 bottom:50 top:30 right:30	0
Another distinction is between "manifest" and "subtle" magic.	0
A trace radioisotope is a radioisotope that occurs naturally in trace amounts (i.e., extremely small).	0
Donaire won his first regional title in flyweight division by defeating Kaichon Sor Vorapin for the vacant WBO Asia Pacific Flyweight title in Guam on September 9, 2002.	0
Traditional Caymanian home at East End, Grand Cayman	0
Unable to obtain a victory, Fabius withdrew the spearmen of the First Legion from the line and sent them under the command of Barbatus stealthily around the enemy flank into the hills behind, whence the latter had earlier descended.	0
His hair colour is dark brown and he has brown eyes.	1
Freddie enjoys travelling and has always said that he’d like to travel the world, and in specific see the world’s rainforests.	1
Boogerd and Vinokourov had been matching each other while Rebellin waited for the sprint and won.	0
Lead role of first four episodes	0
In the book, Moisevitch just mentioned that it had been changed to Leonov; in the film, he replies that Titov has fallen out of favour, though he does not elaborate.	0
The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35 percent cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.	1
In the United States, zoophilic pornography would be considered obscene if it did not meet the standards of the Miller Test and therefore is not openly sold, mailed, distributed or imported across state boundaries or within states which prohibit it.	0
In 1620 he published his Canon triangulorum.	0
When he was 3 years old, he was on Americas Funniest Home Videos for singing George Straitin his bedroom with a guitar.	1
The second world record of the competition's history came in 1981 and it was again an Australian runner, this time Robert de Castella, whose time of 2:08:18 hours became the new world standard.	0
Her husband Jens was also a successful rower.	0
Overstrand railway station was on the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railway between Cromer and North Walsham.	0
On the top front of their mouths, cows have a tough pad of skin instead of teeth.	1
Yoshiko Kuga as Owada, Prime Minister's Wife	0
The most common subspecies are the Asiatic lion and the Barbary lion.	1
"Les écoles des Mines", are organised together, known as GEM (Groupe des Écoles des Mines) : Mines ParisTech, Albi-Carmaux, Douai, Nantes, Saint-Étienne and Nancy.	0
Precision Air, an airline based in Tanzania	0
1795Louis Ravetto1818Jean-André Laurenti1833André Baldoni1861François Baldoni1892Gaspart Laurenti1947Joseph Baldoni	0
The records of the parallel Venetian Inquisition of Nacchiante's orthodoxy can be found in the Venetian state archives.	0
After Marion's second album, The Program (recorded with Johnny Marr), frictions within the band began to take their toll; as a result, after heading to America for a fresh start, the band went their separate ways in 1999.	0
John J. Allen, Jr. (1899–1995), U.S. Representative from California	0
^ "Gold in the Pyrenees".	0
UH had allowed men's teams to choose their own nicknames in 2000, which resulted in the baseball team using "Rainbows", the three aforementioned teams using "Warriors", and other men's teams using "Rainbow Warriors".	0
Because of this, chimps are often used in tests for humans, and actually were sent into space before human astronauts were!	1
The account of his excavations was published in 1842.	0
In the 1950s Church leaders in Boston tried to ban the song “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus” as it supposedly promoted physical intimacy.	1
The Ottomans ruled Kos for 400 years until it was transferred to Italy in 1912.	0
Bartenieff Fundamentals are an extension of LMA originally developed by Irmgard Bartenieff, the Founder of the Laban/Bartenieff Institute of Movement Studies (LIMS) – NYC, who trained with Laban before moving to the USA and becoming a physiotherapist and one of the founding members of the American Dance Therapy Association.	0
The Grévy’s zebra is named after Jules Grévy, president of France (in 1882) who received a zebra as a present from the emperor of Abyssinia.	1
There were 530 housing units at an average density of .	0
He became accepted as the 'elder statesman' of British racing journalists due to his closeness to the teams and drivers, his conversational writing style and his obvious and enduring passion for the sport.	0
"Spatial distribution drivers of Amur leopard density in northeast China" (PDF).	0
94July 13@ Marlins2 – 1 (10)Cishek (3-4)Stammen (4-4) 20,05747-47	0
^ a b "Eastern Cougar Fact Sheet".	0
Häkkinen and Coulthard were now 18 seconds ahead of Trulli and 32 seconds ahead of Barrichello.	0
Following public outcry, Şova retracted his statement and issued a public apology.	0
One of the first tasks of the Diet was abolishing serfdom, which they did rather quickly.	0
Construction began on the Trumbull County Courthouse in downtown Warren on Thanksgiving Day, 1895.	0
The world’s only “drive-in” volcano, Sulphur Springs, can be found in Saint Lucia.	1
Michael Stanley covered on the song on his 2012 album The Hang.	0
Caves and other alcoves that offer protection are used as litter dens.	0
The election of the Paris' Mayor was started in 1977, with Jacques Chirac, a long-time Mayor for 18 years in office.	0
In 1985, Farm Heritage Days was initiated.	0
Niemeyer reached the second round of qualifying for Wimbledon.	0
The temple at Sankarankoil depicts Hari and Hara as one God.	0
Schloßberg (Stolpen), a hill formed from basalt columns in Saxony, Germany,	0
There is also the matter of Spalko's hired assassin, Khan, who is preternaturally able to track Bourne where everyone else cannot.	0
There were 290 children in the kindergarten, and the average class size was 17.06 kindergartners.	0
South coastal provinces are considered of high risk malaria areas, especially islands and jungle territories, where it is advisable to keep precautionary measures against mosquito bites, especially during the raining season.	0
Goal of the Year – Orlando Engelaar, ( v , 23 March 2014)	0
There are eight possible isomers of PMD, and the exact composition is rarely specified and is commonly assumed to be a complex mixture.	0
He also recognised his disabled eldest son François as heir, with the title Count of Clermont, with a 'regency' by his middle son, Prince Jean, Duke of Vendôme.	0
D.H. Lawrence mentions celandines frequently in Sons and Lovers.	1
there were 8,691 single family homes (or 63.4% of the total) out of a total of 13,704 inhabited buildings.	0
However, it is thought unlikely that squalodontids are direct ancestors of living dolphins.	0
It was Wozniacki's 5th title of the year and 17th of her career.	0
Honda Insight, Honda's first mass production hybrid vehicle	0
Locke killed a woman called Naomi, by throwing a knife into her back, as he believed she was going to do him harm.	1
They used to have a budgie called Joey but it died in 2010.	1
The film was made on location in the city of Angra dos Reis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	0
Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.	1
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names, with over 40 in English alone.	1
In ancient Egypt, the symbol of a woman’s status was the colour of her nails, with red as the highest rank.	1
The Unsinkable Molly Brown, a musical written by Meredith Willson, premiered on Broadway, opening at the Winter Garden Theater and running for 533 performances.	0
Navi, Link’s companion in Ocarina of Time, has been voted the most annoying companion in gaming history.	1
Bryant Westbrook, played for the Detroit Lions, Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers.	0
This may or may not be considered a derivative work, depending on whether Vivaldi's translated sonnets were meant to be narrated with the music (versus being read in Italiano, or silently by the audience).	0
However, the court noted that no evidence establishes that the funds have benefited Maurice Bidermann personally.	0
Now that the BSO had failed to play the anthem, Rathom created the false story that Muck had refused to perform it, accused Muck of treason and called him a spy and a hater of all things American.	0
In one episode of The Big Bang Theory, Howard questions his engineering ability and almost causes a drone to go on a killing spree after breaking and failing to repair a drone the guys were playing with.	1
An example for this is BV Cloppenburg, who was assigned to the Western division for the 2008–09 season despite being located in Niedersachsen.	0
of Gatien-Arnoult's Monuments de la littérature romane, &c., Toulouse, 1849)	0
The version on this album however, features only the vocals of Aaron Stainthorpe and the keyboards and violin of Martin Powell.	0
The short name is simply Llavaneres.	0
They were composers of many fine works, notable in their own right.	0
The German forces fared much worse, with one German officer and 30 native police killed and one German officer and ten native police wounded.	0
According to Google Maps there is a road called Miley Cyrus Lane in Chennai, India.	1
Empirical studies were made of various features —those that interfered with intuitive learning were discarded, while those that encouraged beginners and made it easy for them to explore and learn were kept.	0
This has led to the popular belief that he is among the very trusted and backed allies of Ayatollah Khamenei.	0
The pass separates the watershed of the Palten, which flows into the Enns, and the Liesing, which flows into the Mur.	0
The Go-Karters (A biker sabotages the gang's go-kart, as a result of which Spring ends up in court after a high speed police chase.)	0
There were 285 households that consist of only one person and 46 households with five or more people.	0
Similarly, a commentary recorded on a papyrus, indicates there were two Palinodes, one censuring Homer, the other Hesiod for the false story that Helen went to Troy.	0
For his role in Skins, he won an award for an Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series.	1
Cattle in much of the world were primarily used for traction for crop agriculture and for transportation.	0
In 2013, a local property tax was introduced to provide funding for local authorities.	0
Examples of nationally based campaigns include those of the Royal College of Nursing and British Overseas NGOs for Development.	0
The Reichsrat was one of two legislative bodies in Germany during Weimar Republic (1919-1933), the other being the Reichstag.	0
Operation Margarethe was the occupation of Hungary by Nazi German forces during World War II, as it was ordered by Hitler on 12 March 1944.	0
The softest known mineral is talc	1
On average, the Irish consume 131.1 liters of beer per year, putting them at 4th place in the world for highest per-capita beer consumption.	1
The tallest of those are the Tours 1 and 2 with 39 floors and a height of 105 meters.	0
The population is projected to rise to 60,000 by 2020.	0
Swift dated singer Joe Jonas from July to October 2008, many of her songs in her Fearless album were about her breakup, including ‘Forever and Always‘ and ‘You’re Not Sorry‘.	1
Later, more complex methods were used to allow multiple miners to work together and search larger amounts of gravel for gold.	0
He also has a feather tattoo on his collarbone &amp; and bird on his arm.	1
He was ordained a priest in 1867 and was assigned as the Praochial Vicar at the parish of Cevo in Valsaviore.	0
Operation Blackstone, part of Operation Torch, the Allied landings in Africa during World War II	0
Sri Lankan cricket team in West Indies in 2007-08	0
Michael Emerson attended Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa.	1
Whilst walking in Kingston Upon Hull, Edith danced by a river bank, and this inspired Tolkien for his future characters, Beren and LÃºthien’s, first meeting.	1
The Apple Lisa was the first commercial computer with a graphical user interface (GUI) and a mouse.	1
Venonat has red eyes and nose, however the shiny Venonat’s eyes and nose are blue.	1
The defense along the Vistula took place from August 1944 until the renewed Soviet offensive in January 1945.	0
In Kruger National Park, most leopards tend to keep 1 km (0.62 mi) apart.	1
As a result, they chose to trade Lee to the Texas Rangers in a package centered around Justin Smoak.	0
Aluminium monofluoride is the chemical substance with the formula AlF.	0
"Loan Exhibition of French Masterpieces of the Late XIX Century," March 20–April 10, 1928, no.	0
The team's results worsened under Peireira and in April 2012, both Pereira and Costinha were fired, with Alves being reinstated as manager; Costinha reportedly contested the terms of his removal, claiming that his contract extended until June 2013.	0
On January 1, 2002, Ville Sainte-Geneviève was merged into the City of Montreal borough of "L&apos;Île-Bizard–Sainte-Geneviève".	0
You'll never truly understand until it happens to you.	1
Dan Harmon wore a Bird Person costume to Comic-Con in 2015.	1
The Corolla grew in height from the previous generation, and the S trim level featured sportier front and rear bumpers and side skirts, as well as fog lights.	0
John Hart as The Lone Ranger (52 episodes; 1952–1953)	0
Wentworth Point is a suburb of inner west Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	0
The idea of losing the person you care about causes feelings that are often mistaken as jealousy.	1
There are 62,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body – laid end to end they would circle the earth 2.5 times!	1
Altogether 47 foreign films were shot in Hungary in 2008, and 52 in 2009.	0
There are around 30 milligrams of caffeine in the average chocolate bar while a cup of coffee has around 100 to 150	1
Senate co-President John Bennett, a Republican, served as acting governor from January 8 to 12, 2002.	0
Assis, C. P., M. A. Raposo & R. Parrini.	0
The movement began among the Arab officers, who complained of the preference shown to the officers of Turkish origin; it then expanded into an attack on the privileged position and predominant influence of foreigners, many of whom were of a by no means respectable type; finally, it was directed against all Christians, foreign and native.	0
As hagiographer he wrote on St. John the Apostle (1869) and St. Ambrose (1871).	0
It was not until 1835 that Congress approved construction of branch mints in Charlotte, NC, Dahlonegah, GA, and New Orleans, LA.	0
The meat of a reindeer can be eaten, along with almost all of the internal organs.	1
The name goes back to the late mediaeval communal forest (marca raodora) known as the Rödermark.	0
List of World War II firearms of Germany	0
Khmer Krom, Khmer people living in the Delta and the Lower Mekong area	0
In early August 2011, Oliveira was sent on loan to Videoton FC in Hungary.	0
He drops the gun into a well, throws the car keys away and runs across a meadow.	0
In addition, "God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble" ( )	0
There were 237 households out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families.	0
Some of her jobs included doing voice-over work and working in commercials!	1
Olympische Hymne, for chorus and orchestra (1934)	0
Holiday Village is an 11-hectare village with 72 holiday houses, 144 family rooms, a large campground and 34 themed rooms in the Knight's Castle which was added in 2013.	0
Cubs live with their mothers for about two years.	0
Moderately cellular, spindle and stellate cells with a storiform to fascicular pattern, variable mast cells	0
Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council issued a terror alert to travelers in Xinjiang, citing the attacks' increased seriousness above the 2011 Hotan attack because they "targeted innocent civilians" rather than security forces.	0
The center is the first facility in the United States with a that has fault simulation capabilities and allows manufacturers and system operators to conduct the tests required for certification in a controlled laboratory environment.	0
It reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100, number 1 on Cash Box Top 100 Singles and number 3 in Canada.	0
Following the Family Circle Cup, Anastasia participated in Fed Cup and lost both singles matches to Lesia Tsurenko and Olga Savchuk.	0
Deep eutectic solvent, an ionic solvent	0
The manga series is licensed for English language release in North America by Dark Horse Comics, in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment, and in Singapore by Chuang Yi.	0
Libya - 4 ships delivered 1981-83, Ain Zaquit sunk by US aircraft 24 March 1986.	0
Leicester lost the game 2–1 thanks to a late Robert Koren strike, as Pearson was greeted with chants of "Judas" from the Hull fans.	0
Lennard Creek, Tanghe Creek, Werniuck Creek, Sloat Creek, Vader Creek, Thordarson Creek, Waniandy Creek, Haro River, Haig River	0
In this way, Pynchon's text enacts a type of dramatic irony whereby neither the characters nor the various narrative voices are aware of specific historical circumstances, such as the Holocaust and, except as hints, premonitions and mythography, the complicity between Western corporate interests and the Nazi war machine, which figure prominently in readers' apprehensions of the novel's historical context.	0
Philip Wayne Powell, in his book Tree of Hate, also defines the Black Legend:	0
The municipality is located in the Innherred region of Nord-Trøndelag county.	0
In Late 2009, Taylor dated Taylor… Lautner – an actor made famous by his role in The Twilight Saga.	1
She lays two white eggs in her tiny plant-floss cup nest high in a scrub.	0
Michael Powell made The Edge of the World in 1937.	0
Fairfield Local School District (also in Highland)	0
The pair was also the first former World Junior Champion dance team to win the Olympic gold medal, the first pair to win the gold on an Olympic debut, and the first team to win the Olympic gold on home ice.	0
The alternate eponym, "Saint Vitus Dance", is in reference to Saint Vitus, a Christian saint who was persecuted by Roman emperors and died as a martyr in AD 303.	0
Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory (Producer).	0
Wold's results on univariate time series were generalized to multivariate time series by his student Peter Whittle.	0
The school switched to Waldorf methods in the 1990s.	0
In the Christian Bible, the number 24 is used a total of 20 times, and funnily enough the number 600 is used 24 times.	1
2011Black MirrorHome Secretary Alex CairnsMiniseries, first episode: ‘The National Anthem’ (Channel 4).	0
Father Marquette and the Great Rivers (1959)	0
Jesy moved schools often due to being bullied, which continued to happen throughout her time on X Factor.	1
He was alive in 325, when his son, Quintus Fabius Maximus Rullianus, was Master of the Horse to Lucius Papirius Cursor, and fled to Rome to implore protection from the vengeance of the dictator.	0
Armadillo sizes span from 5-59 inches (12-150cm) in length and 3-120 pounds (1.3-54 kg) in weight.	1
1798; d. 1866 in Frankfurt), theologian, paedagogue, philosopher; well known participant at the Wartburg Festival in 1817; arrested for his beliefs in freedom; later prorector at a Gymnasium in Frankfurt am Main.	0
1964, 1972, 1974, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1982, 1989	0
Robert "Rob Darken" Fudali - vocals, rhythm and lead guitar, bass, drums, synthesizers (1992–present)	0
On Christmas Day 2011, there were 6.8 million iOS and Android devices activated.	1
It is estimated that the IPO raised a total of , the third highest ever for an IPO.	0
The Wanderers' secured promotion to the Premier Division by winning the League of Ireland First Division Championship that year.	0
Hulk was Originally Grey and not Green!	1
On average, every passenger plane over the UK is struck by lightning once a year.	1
Macrae died in July 1744 and was buried in the cemetery of the church of Monktown.	0
B-Final — 51.42 (→ 10th place)	0
She earned her High School Diploma at the age of 16.	1
The next year he was asked to join Cook's second expedition on Resolution.	0
The highest and lowest points in mainland U.S. are both in California – Mount Whitney stands at 14,495 feet, and less than 100 miles away is Death Valley which is 282 feet below sea level.	1
Bronze is still commonly used in ship propellers and submerged bearings.	0
1648 it is according to the Peace of Westphalia Swedish.	0
His favourite song to play on the piano is ‘Mr Brightside’ by The Killers.	1
Bertha of Cornouaille (born circa 1114, died 1156), also known as Bertha of Brittany (Breton: Berthe Breizh ), was hereditary Duchess of Brittany between 1148 until her death She was the last member of the Breton House of Cornouaille to reign over Brittany.	0
Several of the exterior shots in the film which purport to show the lodge, such as those of the hedge maze and loading dock, were taken at Elstree Studios in England, using a mock-up of the south face of the lodge.	0
The Office of Catholic Schools operates, manages, and supports diocesan and Catholic primary and secondary schools.	0
They also released Fantasia for the Sega Genesis, with the player controlling Mickey Mouse on a quest to locate lost musical notes.	0
It can also be heard as background music, when Senator Rawkins first shows up in Rainbow Valley in his attempt to buy Finian out.	0
Twenty One Pilots is listed in four categories, Rock, Alternative Hip Hop, Indie-pop, and Electro-pop.	1
To their aid came the prince of Capua, Richard Drengot, and the prince of Salerno, Gisulf II, both of whom feared the ascendancy of Robert Guiscard.	0
Historians suggest that originally the river was curved further to east and was deemed too near to the main temple.	0
Lloyd has a tattoo of a bird and a cage in memory of her uncle Edward Smith, who died of a drug overdose at 34.	1
The original Star-Spangled Banner was sewn on the floor of a brewery in Baltimore in 1813 by Mary Pickersgill and her daughter.	1
The karchas Boultzous is the son of the karchas Kalis, and Kalis is a proper name, but karchas is a dignity, like gylas, which is superior to karchas.	0
After being released by the Saints, Cundiff signed with the Atlanta Falcons on May 4, 2007, but was released at the end of the preseason after losing the starting job to Matt Prater.	0
Albanian entrepreneurs also imported used Greek buses and started carrying passengers on intercity routes that did not exist or had been poorly serviced during the communist era.	0
( ) (results in bold indicate pole position)	0
Despite a new-look, much younger team and an 8–1 win over Walsall, Bolton's best league win for 50 years, Bolton failed to win promotion in the 1983–84 season, and would remain in the Third Division for another three seasons.	0
He has one brother called Nick and one sister called Allison.	1
Chokonen (lived west of Safford, Arizona, along the upper reaches of the Gila River, along the San Francisco River in the north to the Mogollon Mountains in New Mexico in the east and the San Simon Valley to the southwest, northeastern local group)	0
Many applications of diode lasers primarily make use of the "directed energy" property of an optical beam.	0
After that, he worked on Black Tape for a Blue Girl's album 10 Neurotics.	0
In addition, he considered that monarchy was a grant of God, and that the Republic, with its separation between Church and State, was morally wrong and would wreck the country and family, a kind of new antichrist.	0
And yet it is in the fourth and fifth acts that the of Wycherley's comic genius are the most dazzling; also, it is there that the licentiousness is the most astonishing.	0
After losing his hearing, Beethoven would communicate with his friends by having them write in “conversation books.”	1
They prefer shallow, murky water in a warm climate.	0
bar:1961 at:2421 fontsize:XS text: 2421 shift:(-8,5)	0
The National Gallery possesses a St. Jerome in the Desert, by him, and in the Galleries of Dresden and Munich are also paintings assigned to this artist.	0
Google plus was developed under the code name ‘Emerald Sea’.	1
Flavarchaea badja Rix, 2006 (New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory)	0
Aberfoyle ( ) is a village in the Land Registration County of Perth and the local government district of Stirling, Scotland.	0
Scottish Premier League Player of the Year: 2010/11 nominee	0
She had a co-starring role in the 1999 TV series Births, Marriages, and Deaths.	0
He received many wounds, several of them serious.	0
In a human foot there are 26 bones.	1
Plain Clothes (1988) – Dave Hechtor	0
At first they continue to treat each other with animosity, but gradually their behavior softens and the two fall in love.	0
4KanemBol, Mao, Moussoro, Rig Rig, Ziguei	0
Leopards can leap up to 6 meters horizontally and 3 meters vertically.	1
A 15th anniversary is called a quindecennial	1
Denny’s in America had an issue when it came to Christmas closing time as many restaurants were built with no locks.	1
To’Ak chocolate is one of the most expensive chocolates in the world, Each 50 gram (1.7 oz) bar is in a handcrafted Spanish Elm wood box individually engraved with the bar number.	1
The victory of the Turkana people in the initial Ateker conflict led to enmity between Turkana people and other Ateker cluster groups.	0
Greek and Latin texts suggest that the term Scythians referred to Iranian tribes from the much more extensive region of Scythia, which included parts of Eastern Europe and Central Asia.	0
The services of the conductors of the express trains at the NIkolayevsky railway were enlisted.	0
1978 - Arthur Wellesley, Earl of Mornington	0
"Never Win" – Mirwais version (2005)	0
Some species of desert cicadas such as Diceroprocta apache are unusual among insects in that they have been shown to cool themselves by evaporative cooling, analogous to sweating in mammals.	0
94% of people fake their laugh when they don’t understand what someone said to them.	1
Around 6,000 people arrived in 1848 and in 1849 around 90,000 people arrived to hunt for gold.	1
No one knows for sure how Shakespeare died, though it is possible it was from a typhoid outbreak.	1
The final of the Eurovision Song Contest, the longest-running annual international TV song competition, has always aired on a Saturday since its start in 1956.	1
The term "legalist" ( ), posthumously applied (the historians of some dynasties had simply classed them with Taoist writings before they were given their own category), is used to describe what may in the West be termed as certain autocratic political-philosophical currents, writings, reforms, and persons emphasizing the use of law.	0
The presence of Juno would be related to the date (Kalends), her protection of the iuvenes, soldiers, or the legend itself.	0
Many Puerto Ricans living on the island of St. Croix speak in informal situations a unique Spanglish-like combination of Puerto Rican Spanish and the local Crucian dialect, which is very different from the Spanglish spoken elsewhere.	0
The A96 leads directly to Munich, Lake Constance and Switzerland while the A7 leads to Stuttgart and Austria.	0
As Mae Busch she performed with her mother in Guy Fletch Bragdon's "The Fixer" to good reviews, and in 1911 they featured in Tom Reeves' "Big Show Burlesque."	0
He later served as Argentina's naval attaché in London, United Kingdom.	0
D.H. Lawrence mentions celandines frequently in Sons and Lovers.	1
Despite the discontinuation of the Dreamcast, a number of the more popular games can still be played online!	1
In June 2001, his girlfriend dumped him so he moved to NYC in June 2001 at 20 years old where he found a job as a bike messenger.	1
Von Drake Variations on "The Blue Danube"	0
Has some interesting and very old icons.	0
He is mostly known for his song "Sidi Mansour".	0
It has been depicted on the stage for adults and children alike.	1
Martijn Garritsen (born 14 May 1996), commonly known by his stage name Martin Garrix, is a Dutch DJ/producer signed to Spinnin&apos; Records.	0
It is located between First and Second Streets SE on Independence Avenue, in Washington, DC.	0
Jack has said that wherever he walks he counts the number of steps.	1
She prefers One Direction over The Wanted.	1
File:Mya truncata shell.jpg|Shell of Mya truncata from North Wales	0
The capoeirista begins by turning his body in the same manner as a meia lua de compasso.	0
Hoffman races to stop the virus's spread and find a vaccine before it becomes a worldwide pandemic with no cure.	0
Afterwards, they look at the stars and she falls in love with him.	0
→ toward Mairie de Montreuil (Miromesnil) →	0
Color ranges for armadillos vary between dark brown, black, red, gray, or even yellow!	1
18 August - Gianni Rivera (Italian footballer)	0
However, sometimes punchier, louder phrases are played for a more up-tempo and aggressive sound.	0
The soul is then brought down from above by the Archontes of the Way of the Midst, and by them associated with its moira, or Genius of Death (i. e., Fate), whereupon follows its investiture with the soma hylikon archonton.	0
The club owns the local playground in Banovci.	0
A group of flamingos is called a flock	1
Concerning sanitary conditions, about 47% of the urban houses and 12% of all houses had access to safe drinking water at the time of the census; about 6% of the urban and about 2% of the total had toilet facilities.	0
The Pretender - Michael T. Weiss	0
In 2016, 436 leopard deaths were recorded in India - including 154 killings at the hands of poachers.	0
Billy Gibbons – guitar, lead vocals	0
Ferrari boycotted the Austrian GP in protest at what they saw as preferential treatment shown towards McLaren driver James Hunt at the Spanish and British GPs.	0
After Brækhus having dominated the whole match, she knocked Laurén out in the 7th round.	0
There are also at least five kinds of "stalk Lotus", with each having its own characteristics and charm when closely studied.	0
[152] Preceding attacks on humans, cougars display aberrant behavior, such as activity during daylight hours, a lack of fear of humans, and stalking humans.	0
According to Beneš decrees, after the Second World War, all of the German population was transferred (Flight and expulsion of Germans from Czechoslovakia during and after World War II), and the area was re-settled by Czech people, many without roots in this region.	0
Unmanned radio-controlled target drone that used Tiger Moth wings and for economy a wooden fuselage based on that of the DH.60 Moth (but with the structural changes associated with the cabane struts having been relocated as per the standard Tiger Moth) was used.	0
Before 1850 golf balls were made of leather and were stuffed with feathers	1
The total weight of this impressive statue is 225 tons, or 450,000 pounds.	1
All leopards could be simply named Panthera pardus, the third word indicates the subspecies.	0
Back in the USSR during the 1970’s and 1980’s, Thursday was known as the “Fish Day” of the week, where the nation’s food service institutions would serve fish rather than meat.	1
"Cougar Attacks on Humans: A Case Report".	0
He called himself a Lettriste, a movement of which he was initially the only member (at the age of 16 he had published the Manifesto in 1942) and published a system of Lettrist hypergraphics.	0
After a fair catch in football, your team can opt to try an uncontested field goal.	1
Despite this, Montoya led more laps than anyone else and took the maiden victory for a Toyota engine in the series.	0
In 25ABY (After the Battle of Yavin), Chewbacca died at the age of 225, in Sernpidal.	1
Based on the passage of time than in the three island there are still some places that contain indications of gas and petroleum.	0
at the Internet Archive - An almost complete set of scanned issues.	0
Les Mathurins (destroyed in the Révolution)	0
Polar bears are considered to be “hypercarnivores”, which means they have a diet that consists of more than 70% meat.	1
In 1884, Ochs married Effie Wise, the daughter of Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise of Cincinnati, who was the leading exponent of Reform Judaism in America and the founder of Hebrew Union College.	0
In spite of many health claims, Red Bull contains the same amount of caffeine as a regular cup of coffee, which is 80 mg. A 16-ounce Starbucks Grande has 330 mg!	1
The town has a population of 3,215.	0
The saga has also been translated into over 38 languages.	1
In the King James Bible, Psalm 92:10 states, “My horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn."	0
Additionally, the GEM/T was given a new fuse which was further optimized against ballistic missiles.	0
The group was voted “Next Pop Superstar of 2013” by Popdust Magazine around one month following their X Factor season 2 finale.	1
Calves are fully weaned at the age of 8 to 11 months.	0
Based on the calculation of this lunar Tepi Shemu feast, Year 17 of Siamun has been shown by the German Egyptologist Rolf Krauss to be equivalent to 970 BC.	0
It wasn’t until she was sidelined for the football team that she landed a role in a school play The Vampire, and decided after this to pursue her newfound passion for acting by taking drama at Syracuse University.	1
Two vacuum Dampfstrahlpumpen served as feed pumps.	0
I believe they will come through for me, because they always have.	0
He would only score one other goal during his time at the Fir Park club, with new Motherwell manager Stuart McCall then deciding against offering Gow a new deal.	0
Gameplay-wise, the major difference between Epic and Aeronautica Imperialis is that instead of a player moving and firing tanks and troops, they are using aircraft and ground defense weapons.	0
The London Eye in England is the largest Ferris wheel in Europe, standing at a height of 135 meters!	1
San Jose, CA - From 4 Feb 2010 to 21 Mar 2010	0
It was the site of a restaurant from 1983 to 1998, but has been abandoned since 1998.	0
Two years later, Fonda appeared in the 1999 crime film The Limey, as the money laundering/celebrity rock music producer Terry Valentine.	0
The book series Canopus in Argos by Nobel Prize in Literature-winning author Doris Lessing which portray a number of societies at different stages of development, over a great period of time.	0
A female kangaroo can have three babies at the same time and is able to feed them all.	1
māk (n. mark, trademark; transliteration of "mark")	0
Halloween is one of Selena’s favourite holidays.	1
Your righteousness and your openness, your broad culture, your natural authority and your love of others were unanimously appreciated in our 'country’, but also among other churches in Oceania."	0
Proselytism as described in this document stands in opposition to all ecumenical effort.	0
Dissatisfied with the Warner contract, she hired attorney Greg Bautzer to get out of it.	0
An elephant can smell water up to 3 miles away.	1
There are no Swiss gold mines but it is estimated that two-thirds of the world's gold is refined in Switzerland.	1
Cows often have their ears pierced-with I.D.	0
Perdu et retrouvé (empreintes DIGITALes, IMED 0683, 2006)	0
In 1954, Lyotard became a member of Socialisme ou Barbarie, a French political organisation formed in 1948 around the inadequacy of the Trotskyist analysis to explain the new forms of domination in the Soviet Union.	0
160 GPIOs on three GPIO connectors	0
Through Lori, he met Nicholas Cage who encouraged him to act.	1
Justin said if he had to pick a favourite Jonas Brothers song it would be Inseparable.	1
Le risque de vivre by Gérald Calderon	0
1993 Awarded the Lloyd O&apos;Neil Magpie Award for services to the Australian book industry	0
H, a symbol for a heliport	0
The sheep industry began in central Asia over 10,000 years ago!	1
At the hotel, Cordelia makes food and coffee for Angel as thanks for his work and Angel convinces her the guilt she feels for what happened is unnecessary.	0
The Jegrička originates south of the Pivnice village, in the central Bačka and flows in the eastern direction whole of its course.	0
On the train, Vic bumps into an old flame, singer Jean Ogilvie (Ava Gardner).	0
All pandas around the world are on loan from China!	1
1973 Gold Medal, 25 years of Painting Exhibition, School of Beautiful Arts, Guayaquil, Ecuador.	0
: The female protagonist of Pokémon X and Y.	0
One single seagull has been mooching food off of guests there for the last 20 years.	0
ASATs were generally given low priority until 1982, when information about a successful USSR program became widely known in the west.	0
The sun is 330,330 times larger than the Earth	1
He was traded back to Toronto for cash considerations on November 4, 2011.	0
Spider’s webs are traditional Polish Christmas decorations, as the spiders wove a blanket for Jesus.	1
Each digit is equipped with a claw, which the cougar sheathes while walking, but which it uses with deadly effectiveness when grasping its prey.	1
Becky G’s fans are called Beasters.	1
New Zealand’s Internal Affairs announced it had lodged a $200,000 claim in the High Court against Atkinson and his brother Shane Atkinson and courier Roland Smits, after raids in Christchurch.	0
): The cross of the Blc combination with an .	0
The Eiffel Tower is over 300m (984 ft) tall	1
Shots were fired at the coach of Charles III de Créquy, the French ambassador, leaving several dead and wounded, including one of the ambassador's pages.	0
As on many Indopacific islands rich in Cocos trees, the Coconut Crab (Birgus latro) is often encountered on Teraina.	0
The FBI started compiling a file on Sacha Baron Cohen while he was filming 'Borat' after receiving numerous complaints about a strange man travelling around the country in an ice cream truck.	1
He owns and plays Taylor guitars.	1
Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.	1
Enjoy endless opportunities to exercise when you’re out at the beach.	1
Prescription drugs kill more people each year than heroin and cocaine combined.	1
|Bang Bua Thong|| บางบัวทอง ||Nonthaburi|| นนทบุรี ||Central	0
Foetorepus phasis (Günther, 1880) (Bight stinkfish)	0
The Vetterli was also the first repeating bolt action rifle to feature a self-cocking action and a small caliber bore.	0
There’s a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named “Hooker” and its slogan is “it’s a location, not a vocation”.	1
Breakups are hard to deal with because the body & mind goes through withdrawal - Like drug addiction, we become addicted to love.	1
During the holiday period, around 28 sets of LEGO are sold per second.	1
He is a fan of horror movies.	1
Hu Hanmin ( ; born in Panyu, Guangdong, China, December 9, 1879 – Guangdong, China, May 12, 1936) was one of the early conservative right factional leaders in the Kuomintang (KMT) during revolutionary China.	0
Candidates on dating sites who split opinions between beautiful and ugly do far better than those who everyone rates as quite attractive.	1
In some places in Galicia, a small glass is traditionally taken at breakfast time as a tonic before a hard day's work on the land.	0
The Atari 2600 was originally called “Atari Video Computer System”, or “VCS”.	1
The island Hedera of Macaronesia in the eastern Atlantic, northern African Hedera and European Hedera are closely related species.	0
Dr. Pepper was many times speculated for having prune juice in it but it does not.	1
People tend to develop an emotional bond with music because when people walk away, music is all that is left.	1
They were therefore drawn to the concept of a blockade.	0
There were 3,376 housing units at an average density of 1,662.9 per square mile (642.1/km 2 ).	0
They have three children together – Naomi, Joe and Owen.	1
Slowbro eat fish (poor Magikarp) and swim to catch them, but also eat Pokémon eggs if they find them.	1
He explained that the current Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip is justified not only because it keeps weapons out of the Palestinian territory, but also because it shows the Palestinians living there that "when there's some moderation and cooperation, they can have an economic advancement."	0
According to curator Jerry Tartaglia, the dispute was finally resolved as of 2008, with the purchase of Smith's estate by the Gladstone Gallery.	0
The very first game of basketball was played with a soccer ball.	1
Amy Ray and Emily Saliers first met and got to know each other as students at Laurel Ridge Elementary School in DeKalb County, Georgia, just outside of Decatur, Georgia, but were not friends because Saliers was a grade older than Ray.	0
He was born on 28th November in 1976.	1
| 41.54 km 2 (16.04 sq mi)	0
An elephant’s trunk can also serve as a straw or a hose.	1
There is also a walking route between the two stations passing through the newly built Westfield Stratford City Shopping Centre.	0
Gail Hawker (played by Anne Tenney)	0
Borrenes ( ) (Borrés in Galician language) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain).	0
If you find a security bug in Facebook’s code, they are willing to pay from $500 for you to tell them about it!	1
In October 2015, Vans opened a skate park called the Lynch Family Skate park in Boston.	1
Dry lotus stamens are often used in the preparation of aromatic tea.	1
Every year the sun loses 360 million tons	1
Over 700 million people have visited Disneyland since the initial opening.	1
Billboard journalist Michael Paoletta noted that Spears may not have the vocal range of "colleagues Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera, but she does have an instantly recognizable style-and Oops!...	0
2014 Crimean crisis/2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine/2014 Russian military intervention in Ukraine	0
Friday: Solids, Yukon Blonde, Freelance Whales, The Jezabels, Dum Dum Girls, Atlas Sound, Wintersleep, Half Moon Run, Les Breastfeeders	0
In 1981, Queen set a new Argentine record in Buenos Aires for the most people at a single concert with a whopping 300,000 fans at their gig.	1
Nepal joined the communist movement in 1969.	0
The city-states of Italy expanded greatly during this period and grew in power to become de facto fully independent of the Holy Roman Empire; apart from the Kingdom of Naples, outside powers kept their armies out of Italy.	0
The 1984 Wranglers finished in a tie for first in the Western Division.	0
Their bodies are made up water and protein.	1
His 2002 film The Supplement was entered into the 24th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Special Mention.	0
In Batman Forever, the 1995 hit, Michael Keaton was actually supposed to lead, but Val Kilmer was given the opportunity when Michael simply demanded too much money.	1
It costs $3 for a normal passenger car to transit the bridge one way.	0
Kate Beckinsale starred in the adaptation of Herbert’s novel Haunted (1995).	1
BTS is known for their lyrics that touch on sensitive topics like school bullying, societal ideals, mental health issues, suicide, nihilism, and female empowerment.	1
For example, in a UK labour law case, Ravat v Halliburton Manufacturing and Services Ltd Ravat was from the UK but was employed in Libya by a German company that was part of Halliburton.	0
The flag of the Balearic Islands is the official flag of the Balearic Islands, an autonomous community of Spain located in the western Mediterranean Sea.	0
The most popular names for cougars are mountain lions, pumas, or panthers.	1
The last car to have a cassette deck come standard was the Lexus SC430 in 2010.	1
Being vexed at this interest in her personal life, Madonna fought back by creating the persona of a renegade, something so outrageous as to defy explanation, something found objectionable by most people.	0
At least 30% of adults snore!	1
Many sharks are solitary hunters and will only merge with groups when it is breeding season or for migration.	1
However, it isn't easy to conceal such a large creature.	0
Early's men were contending with the prisoners when machine gun fire suddenly peppered the area, killing six Americans: Corp. Murray Savage, and Pvts.	0
In the time of Mesopotamia, Ancient Persia, Ancient Greece and the Roman Empire, warships were always galley (such as biremes, triremes and quinqueremes), a long, narrow vessel powered by banks of oarsmen and designed to ram and sink enemy vessels, or to engage them bow-first and follow up with boarding parties.	0
Bart’s rebellious attitude and pride at under achieving caused many parents to cast him as a bad role model for children.	1
Johann Nikolaus Forkel (22 February 1749 in Meeder, near Coburg, Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld - 20 March 1818 in Göttingen, Hanover), was a German musician, musicologist and music theorist.	0
Lady Gaga admits she smokes weed when writing music.	1
In 1974, Brian May was diagnosed with hepatitis after falling in the first month of Queen’s U.S. tour.	1
He was on tour with Magcon during this time, and upon discovering the X-rated video, security escorted him from his hotel and asked him not to return the next day.	1
In 1987, Governor of New York Mario Cuomo appointed Sotomayor to the board of the State of New York Mortgage Agency, which she served on until 1992.	0
The Chinese word for Hamster is Cāngshǔ.	1
To have one foot in Charon's boat (To have one foot in the grave)	0
(1999) Walker's Mammals of the World.	0
This unusual arrangement preserves the intergovernmental character of Europol.	0
July 31 Recalled RHP Ian Snell from Triple-A Tacoma.	0
The second church building had three stories, with a library, kitchen, and school facilities on the first floor; the church itself on the second floor; and offices and living quarters for Crétin and his staff.	0
Laura Quinney treats the attractions grim demystification in analyzes of Longinus, particularly Weiskel's.	0
"Leopard shot in Bilaspur turns out to be a record breaker".	0
While filming Rocky IV, Lundgren hit Sylvester Stallone for real and he ended up in the hospital for nine days.	1
Loki - The brother of Thor who was the supervillain in the movie "The Avengers."	0
The California redwood (coast redwood and giant sequoia) are the tallest and largest living organism in the world!	1
Women who play video games tend to have more sex and be happier with their relationship than those who don't.	1
The longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes	1
Eiholzer stressed the importance of safely handling calves in her presentation.	0
Riccardo Chailly conducting the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, studio recording, 1989 (Decca)	0
An adult’s kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.	1
It was not until 1983 that the NFF became an active, and important organisation.	0
Ristigouche-Partie-Sud-Est is a township municipality in Quebec, Canada.	0
He first met Harry in the X Factor toilets.	1
The EP was produced by Antoine Lussier of Ion Dissonance.	0
In October 2012, Charlie performed at an event supporting DKMS Delete Blood Cancer, which is the world’s largest bone marrow donor center.	1
In Wimbledon 2008, Nadal and Federer played the longest final in Wimbledon history, which took 4 hours and 48 minutes and is considered as the best match in tennis history.	1
He was nominated at the Teen Choice Awards in 2016 in the Choice Muser category.	1
Among psychologists, the concepts of testability and falsifiability are extremely important because many really theories like the work of Freud and other psychoanalysts were difficult to put to any kind of objective test.	0
These names include Mountain Lion, Puma, Panther, Paint, Screamer and Catamount.	0
These increased blood levels may result in a greater risk of side effects.	0
The site featured a video condemning the use of Slo-Mo, and links to news about the film.	0
A newborn has a much faster heartbeat, beating from 70 to 190 beats per minute.	1
The base is resupplied twice each year, with up to 6 sledge trains at a time.	0
André-Deshays carried out biological and medical experiments on Mir for 16 days before returning to Earth with Onufriyenko and Usachev.	0
Makoto calls for a meeting with the stalker, intending on asking him to stop stalking Asumi.	0
He started a chain of organic "fast-food" restaurants all over France called la Cozna Vera.	0
It originates as a 16th-century Humanist name, literally meaning (in Ancient Greek) "oak-man".	0
Raziya Sultana, a prominent figure in Indian history, was murdered in 1240 after being India’s first female leader.	1
As an adult, he has lived in India, Iran and Turkey.	1
US economists have called for a reduction in Japan's public spending, especially on infrastructure projects, to reduce the budget deficit.	0
Polesskoe Offensive (15–5 April 1944); and	0
Nidoking, along with Nidoqueen are the only two Pokémon with a Poison/Ground type combination.	1
Over 35% of sales for Walking with Dinosaurs were from Blu-ray sales.	0
Retired Swedish prosecutor Rolf Hillegren told Radio Sweden in January 2014 that he believed the case was impossible to move forward, that it had damaged the international reputation of the Swedish legal system, that Assange should have been interviewed by the prosecutor in the Ecuador consulate, and that not to have done so was illegal, indecent and disproportionate.	0
I &mdash; Indicted G &mdash; Indicted and found guilty	0
The Dhaka World Music Festival takes place in Dhaka.	0
1668: Montalban had a population of 1040.	0
Lagos is an ancient maritime town with more than 2000 years of history.	0
They are more prone to migraines, compared to right-handed people!	1
However, since the migration back to Ireland with that country's increasing economic prosperity (the Celtic Tiger), the number of clubs dwindled down to 31.	0
The wide distribution probably reflects the fact that the climate was much warmer in the past.	0
The Taungoo Dynasty ( ; also spelled Toungoo Dynasty) was the ruling dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from the mid-16th century to 1752.	0
Image:Swedish road sign 6 1 7.svg|Limited access arrow marker	0
Written over 2,300 years ago, the Chinese Book of Lie Zi describes a warrior juggling seven swords at once.	1
The top floor is used by the Chairman of CKH and HWL, Li Ka Shing, as his office.	0
He says that his favourite clothing brand is Volcom.	1
, a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which contains material on Jan van Kessel, senior	0
Until 1970, daily rum rashions were given to British Sailors for over 300 years.	1
The “Lost” pilot was so expensive (over $10 million) that the Chairman of ABC was fired for green-lighting the project.	1
The Mazandaran Sea provides a beautiful coastline in north of Sari; northeast of the city is Neka.	0
There are various different subdefinitions of catachresis.	0
The smallest dog is the Chihuahua	1
La Marseillaise, the French national anthem, was initially titled Chant de guerre pour l'Armée du Rhin (War Song for the Army of the Rhine) and dedicated to Nicolas Luckner, the army's commander at the time.	0
2006 Elite Men Grand National Champion	0
File:Salt Creek Oil Field.jpg|Shannon Oil Pool in Salt Creek Oil Field	0
He carefully select pitchers that didn't have any dead insects inside.	0
This is what gives rise to wood in plants.	0
The adult butterfly only lives 3 to 4 weeks in average.	1
The firm's most published work was a project by Boudin and Paul Manno, the head of Jansen's New York office, for the U.S. White House during the administration of John F. Kennedy.	0
17.1% were of German, 12.4% Finnish, 10.5% Norwegian, 9.4% Italian, 6.4% Irish and 5.9% Swedish ancestry.	0
The dead stag at the opening of season one on the road is no prop – in fact it was killed by local hunters and gutted by an animal handler Kenny after being left for a few days to ripen.	1
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 100% out of 60 professional critics gave the film a positive review, with a rating average of 8.3/10 and the site consensus being: "Hirokazu Kore-eda's film may seem modest at first, but this family drama casts a delicate, entrancing spell."	0
This angered Kid, and led to a match in which he upset DiBiase as well.	0
Saturday is also the only day that elections take place in New Zealand.	1
It has been downloaded 50 million times.	1
In 321 AD, Roman Emperor Constantine I decreed that Sunday was to be a day of rest for all except those engaged in agricultural work.	1
In 2015, a tiny Tokyo restaurant with only 9 seats became the first ramen restaurant in the world to obtain a Michelin star.	1
Armando Iannucci on Dickens (writer, presenter)	0
Cows often have their ears pierced-with I.D.	0
The Galveston Hurricane of 1900, the deadliest natural disaster to hit the United States, peaked at an intensity that corresponds to a modern-day Category 4 storm.	0
In 2006, News Corporation transferred FSN Pittsburgh to Liberty Media, the former parent of Prime Network, in a stock swap between the two companies of the DirecTV stock.	0
The Faculty of Medicine already uses the BMAT as part of the selection process.	0
In 1986 Thomaston was chosen to be one of the Top 100 Small Towns in America Towns and again in 1995, because Thomaston offers slow-paced southern charm and hospitality.	0
"Election of 1827 in France" (Harvard University Press, 1975)	0
There are also at least five kinds of "stalk Lotus", with each having its own characteristics and charm when closely studied.	0
Jynx is a female-only species, based on a fat, bulky human woman.	1
After spending time on the Boston club circuit under the tutelage of their first manager, Frank Connelly, the band began working with New York managers Steve Leber and David Krebs.	0
Ancestral Roots of Certain American Colonists Who Came to America Before 1700 by Frederick Lewis Weis, Lines: 176-2, 176A-4, 177-1	0
Later in 2009, James won the Daily Telegraph-Aviva Sport Matters Female Pupil of the Year award.	0
Fischer won mainly by swamping Kerrey in the state's rural areas.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	0
They also state that if NI "had approached them (as it should have done) before presenting the letter to Parliament as evidence of its corporate innocence, H&L would not have agreed to this without further discussion".	0
Although was generally peaceful, the local population occasionally resented the imposition of taxes and the loss of land to European plantations.	0
VB-109 operating PB4Y-1s from 5 April-14 August 1944 Squadrons, p.522-3	0
La nuit de Walpurgis - poeme symphonique op.	0
This established him as the thirteenth fastest runner over the distance at the time.	0
As of September 7, 2013, the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 94% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 72 reviews — with the consensus that the film "offers a poignant study of the human psyche amid haunting landscapes."	0
Jean-Louis Loubet del Bayle, Les non-conformistes des années 30.	0
In 1931 all European males over the age of 21 were enfranchised (eliminating property and wage qualifications for that section of the population).	0
Michael Jackson, who was a fan of The Simpsons, wrote the song “Do the Bartman”.	1
ForwardsPeter Floriantschitz, Kim Issel (CAN), Manfred Mühr, Günther Lanzinger, Wolfgang Kromp, Helmut Petrik Peter Raffl, Gerald Rauchenwald, Gerald Ressmann, Ken Strong, Alfie Turcotte (USA), Andreas Köstl	0
The Blue Iguana, is a critically endangered species endemic to Grand Cayman.	1
Data correct as of May 13, 2013.	0
The caller is then transferred to the emergency dispatcher for the appropriate service.	0
When Joey was younger, he used to have a shaved head.	1
The series has been translated into over twenty-eight languages.	1
Between other tones it may simply be low.	0
Considered the first modern work to discuss Satanism.	0
In 2000, Shinsegae sold its credit card division to KorAm Bank, which was later acquired by Citibank Korea.	0
The proposal includes a formula for future fare adjustments.	0
Lagnicourt was lost on 26 March and a counter-attack from Noreuil repulsed, then a British attack on Bucquoy was defeated.	0
The zone is devoted to developing five leading industries: namely automotive parts and components, photoelectric information, bio-pharmaceutical, fine processing of foods, and new building materials.	0
Post the release of Patiala House in 2011, Nikhil Advani has partnered with Monisha Advani and Madhu Bhojwani to form Emmay Entertainment a motion picture production company.	0
A man married a dog in India as atonement.	1
Of the total 2500 settlers that set off, just a few hundred survived.	0
In an interview, Jim said that The Big Bang Theory has changed his life.	1
Before 5SOS got together, there was a mutual hate between Ashton and the original 5SOS members, but now they’re like brothers.	1
When a leopard stalks prey, it keeps a low profile and slinks close to the ground.	0
In 2003 it was re-released as 1 disc; strangely Justified and Ancients album version, which is part of the single release (as "The White Room" Version), also was added, therefore the album version now was included twice.	0
An English acoustic version and Spanish version were also prepared for promotional purposes.	0
After graduating high school in 2012, he attended Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah, Georgia on an athletic scholarship to study film and design.	0
The couple raised two daughters, Nell and Amy.	0
Czech Republicans are very supersticious, a table at Christmas must be made of even numbers otherwise the one without a partner will die.	1
Herodotus refers to a king of Tartessos, Arganthonios, presumably named for his wealth in silver.	0
Alkanet (Alkanna tinctoria), for red color	0
(He was heard for a few games on CKVL 850 (now CINF 690) in 1995, and on CJMS 1040 in 2002 and 2003.	0
Tales of Okinawa's Great Masters received its first English translation in 2000; this was translated into the English language by Patrick McCarthy .	0
Virgin would subsequently release two compilation albums Vital Selection in 1981 and Dreadlocks The Time Is Now in 1983.	0
The reason for the move to the smaller venue is that it is a rectangular field, as opposed to the oval at Subiaco which is poor viewing for rugby fans.	0
Milestones are constructed to provide reference points along the road.	0
Back in 2007, Iran claimed 14 squirrels found near the nation’s borders were actually spies.	1
An onion or a lily is thought to be the closest related shape of the bulb on Bulbasaur’s back.	1
When an agent accepted it, eight companies competed for its publishing rights.	1
One of Moog's earliest musical customers was Wendy Carlos, whom he credits with providing feedback valuable to further development.	0
Adelaide Turkish Islamic & Cultural Centre	0
Shall be appointed by the President – with approval from the National Assembly	0
An internet radio show promoting the anime entitled aired on Onsen between December 27, 2007 and March 27, 2008.	0
The distinctive fluff of the cubs is a mantle, and gives them the appearance of having Mohawks.	1
2003 - The QMJHL switched to a three-division format: Atlantic (Cape Breton, Moncton, Prince Edward Island, Halifax, Acadie-Bathurst); Eastern (Rimouski, Chicoutimi, Lewiston, Quebec, Baie-Comeau); and Western (Gatineau, Shawinigan, Rouyn-Noranda, Val-d'Or, Drummondville, Victoriaville).	0
An elderly version of Morgan le Fay appeared in The Super Hero Squad Show episode "Mother of Doom!".	0
There were 2,032 Swiss women (35.1%) and 802 (13.9%) non-Swiss women.	0
You give them to the government, and the government then gives you some milk.	0
All U.S. states have legislation specifying eminent domain procedures within their respective territories.	0
It is named in honour of Lionel Boulet.	0
Germán Sánchez Flor (born July 4, 1989 in Alicante) is a Spanish racing driver.	0
Subway was featured in the 90’s blockbuster hit Terminator 2: Judgment Day.	1
He played there only one league game.	0
A minority of the Free Church of Scotland remained outside the union of 1900, claiming the title Free Church of Scotland for itself.	0
Not only are they hunted, but they can be domesticated.	1
Demi’s first appearance on the Disney Channel was as Charlotte on As The Bell Rings.	1
When Nathan was younger, he wanted to be a footballer, until he realised he wasn’t very good.	1
Huckleberry Finn, a 1974 musical film	0
As long as you introduce your cat to your dog before they are both six months old, they should get along well.	1
There were no places for any of the Clare team that emerged to win two championships in the nineties.	0
In March 2013, smugglers were arrested after carrying a single bag containing 21 radiated tortoises and 54 angonoka tortoises (Astrochelys yniphora) through Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Thailand.	0
Sun gave her a nickname Niguolai (你過來), that sounds like Nicole Lai.	0
Daddi Cool, Sierra Leonean-born Guinean reggae musician	0
Kate has a "tendency to go beyond the scope of the assigned investigation", which cost her a position in Washington, D.C. and caused her demotion back to Chicago.	0
The leopards in Yemen are under particular pressure from hunting, persecution from local shepherds and capture for trade, threats that are thought to be the main contributors to the species' demise.	1
The electric chair was invented by a dentist	1
Nidoran♂‚ made its first appearance in the animé in ‘Pokémon Fashion Flash‘.	1
At first she thinks it must be a ghost, but she is then overjoyed to be re-united with the living Claudio.	0
For "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway" and the first part of the "Trick of the Tail" tours, he incorporated a Rickenbacker 12-string solid-body guitar and a 6-string Micro-Frets Signature Baritone, equipped with 6-string short scale bass strings.	0
During the mating season, they become deeply pigmented and extend out, becoming more prominent before and just after mating.	0
It is threatened by habitat loss.	0
List of World War I armoured fighting vehicles	0
Saxicola torquatus moptanus Bates, 1932 - Scattered in the W Sahel from N Senegal to Niger	0
Songs from the Spanisches Liederbuch by Hugo Wolf (1974)	0
The book crosses fantasy and romance.	1
Soccer is the most followed sport	1
Having returned to Venice, the city was fortified and given a massive line of walls and ramparts, still existing: these were renewed in the following century under the direction of Fra Giocondo, two of the gates being built by the Lombardi.	0
Although forbidden by the Lord Ruler, children of mixed Skaa and Noble heritage survived, with a few eventually developing allomantic abilities.	0
Jimmy Thompson (footballer born 1899), English footballer	0
(Why) Rules Specification – expressed in a formal language; consists of rule name and structured logic to specify and test rule state	0
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!	1
Ben Affleck starred in, directed, and produced the movie “Argo” in 2012, which earned him awards for acting, directing, producing and writing.	1
Its name refers to Mount Tiantai.	0
However, in April of 1502, without waiting for the conclusion of these negotiations, Louis sent an army under the command of Louis d' Armagnac, Duke of Nemours against the Spanish in Apulia.	0
During extra-time, Central Coast Mariners striker Daniel McBreen would sledge Roar goalkeeper Michael Theoklitos (aka.	0
Wallachia reaches south from the Transylvanian Alps to the Bulgarian border and is divided by the Olt River into Oltenia on the west and Muntenia on the east.	0
Young sharks eat their own teeth when they are born.	1
Georgia's use of language is also somewhat strange, as a glossary is featured in the back of each novel.	0
In the Piazza Sempione outside the church is a statue of the Immaculate Conception by Gino Giammei, made in 1949.	0
Bill Gates house was designed using a Macintosh Computer.	1
The population then quickly grew in size.	0
Immediately following treatment, the most common adverse effects are confusion and memory loss.	0
The VL-1 acquired enduring notability when the German band Trio used it in one of their songs, the "faux-Kraftwerk tune", "Da Da Da".	0
Greek archaeology covers the Hellenistic period as well, frequently compelling the classical archaeologist to examine the Greek influences present in all the areas that were part of Alexander the Great's empire, including much of the Middle East and Egypt.	0
At about the same time, the King suffered a relapse of his previous illness, which he blamed on worry over the Catholic question.	0
Awards and decorations of the United States government	0
It's Liquid Engineering is the advertising slogan or punchline of Castrol, used mainly for branding its engine oil products.	0
The states can consist of various intermediate steps in the expression of an emotion, and each of them has a probability distribution over the possible output vectors.	0
Almost half of the world’s population, that’s 3.2 billion people, tuned in to the 2014 World Cup.	1
While these critics admit that Henry Vaughan's use of words can be superior to Herbert's, they believe his poetry is, in fact, worse.	0
Austin Mahone loves taking shirtless selfies for his fans.	1
He finished his first race at the , and in doing so, scored his first F1 points, as he finished in seventh position.	0
Interestingly, the book has been incredibly popular among teen and college girls.	1
The largest snowflake was recorded in 1887 at Fort Keogh, Montana and measured 38 cm (15") wide.	1
"; however, this item also requires knowledge of soccer to be answered correctly, not just mathematical ability.	0
When you have to make a choice, and every choice is a bad one, it’s called a zugzwang.	1
Tatum was involved in one of the most famous plays in National Football League history, the Immaculate Reception, during the AFC against the Pittsburgh Steelers on December 23, 1972.	0
2 people were employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector.	0
Back in Sweden he painted pictures of gardens and portraits of local people.	0
The Lockheed WC-130 Hurricane Hunter is a high-wing, medium-range aircraft used in weather reconnaissance missions.	0
New Zealands first hospital was opened in 1843	1
In a few Appalachian forests there are fireflies that glow blue for up to a minute instead of flashing yellow.	1
Shungwaya, is the origin myth of the Mijikenda who were Bantu migrants, and speakers of Sabaki Bantu languages.	0
In 2007, she auditioned for series regular Tara Thornton in the HBO show True Blood.	1
Many festivals, such as those in the fringe theatre movement, promote the work of beginning playwrights and performers.	0
Army ants do not have permanent homes and farm like other ants, but instead they gather food during periods of migration.	1
2010The Whole TruthSister Theresa BendictaEpisode: "Thicker Than Water"	0
Ma'alefa'ak has all the same powers as other martians except for telepathy.	0
In the wild, raccoons live for two to three years while raccoons can live up to twenty years in captivity.	1
Tolkien could read and write fluently by the age of four.	1
Beautiful new railway bridge of the Silvery Tay,	0
Pumas go by lots of different names, including cougar and mountain lion.	1
Egg yolks are one of the few foods that naturally contain Vitamin D.	1
"Lovecraftian" in the title refers to horror writer H. P. Lovecraft whose writing influenced the subject matter of many of their songs.	0
In early April 2007, he was demoted to the reserve team by manager Thomas Doll, due to substandard performance.	0
A portion of cantaloupe, about 1/8th of the melon, is 24 calories.	1
The ability to answer phone calls on the device was praised for its convenience and good call quality (drawing comparisons to Dick Tracy), while its camera was also praised for having unexpectedly decent quality for its megapixel size.	0
This gives, for example, the same pronunciation for l'homme qu'il a vu ("the man whom he saw") and l'homme qui l'a vu ("the man who saw him").	0
It is used in many football codes.	0
2007 - September 15, September 15, 2007 anti-war protest.	0
Male rabbits are called “bucks,” females are “does.”	1
Originally, Mr. Meeseeks was supposed to be a neon-brown color, but this didn’t sit well with test audiences so he was changed by the producers to the familiar blue color we know and love.	1
Based on typical observed features, several criteria have been suggested for diagnosing rumination syndrome.	0
At about high, it is the tallest dam in the United States and wields nearly complete control over the flow of the Feather River by creating one of the largest reservoirs in California.	0
Natural blondes usually have more hair than people with other hair colors.	1
Joan owns a company that manufactures communications equipment for the Navy &amp; Marines.	1
Primus (Marvel Comics), the name of two fictional villains in the Marvel Comics universe	0
The widened street and the subway line both opened on July 17, 1918.	0
The fault system (including branches) is some 420 km long, and is a right-lateral strand of the San Andreas fault system.	0
Thomson was originally going to play guitar because he wanted to try something other than drums.	0
At the age of 7, Hoult played Bobby in the film Intimate Relations (1996).	1
Bang Attack is a video game for WiiWare developed by Netherlands-based Engine Software.	0
We are eating 900% more broccoli than we did 20 years ago.	1
Flash Forward was a Disney Channel Original Series produced in Canada for preteens and teenagers which aired on both the Disney Channel and ABC from 1996-1997.	0
231, the Video game health labelling act.	0
The plot, which the Express revealed had been foiled by a police raid at the "11th hour" was said to involve "plotters with links to Al Qaeda planned 'a double blow to the infidel' by assassinating the head of the Roman Catholic church and slaughtering hundreds of pilgrims and well-wishers."	0
Most pasta falls under two categories – it is either dry, or it is fresh.	1
In Bingo, the ball 30 is known as “Dirty Gertie, Blind 30”.	1
If you’re born “in the purple” you are born of high or a noble birth.	1
Due to the surreal nature of the comic, many strips outright contradict each other, with White Ninja's age, occupation, family, gender, shape and even species changing from one strip to the next.	0
Engastration is a method of cooking which involves stuffing an animal into another animal.	1
Going beyond the direct responsibility of both parents, major questions were asked on the efficacy and responsibility of different public departments in France for child abuse prevention, which, despite many warning signals transmitted by persons having had direct contact with Marina, did not prevent the little girl's death.	0
The average porcupine has 30,000 spikes	1
Pregnancy lasts an average of 280 to 285 days or a little less than 9 and one half months.	0
Salt and mineral must be readily accessible to cattle at all times.	1
| 52 || 18 || 17.2 || .583 || .000 || .600 || 5.2 || .5 || .4 || 1.2 || 3.0	0
MSE – Master of Science in Engineering	0
Afterward, she becomes pregnant with the Phantom's foal and returns to the ranch, seeming to choose it as the safest place for her baby to be born.	0
Christian Identity (also known as Identity Christianity) refers to a wide variety of loosely affiliated believers and churches with a white supremacist theology.	0
William invaded England two weeks before the Battle of Hastings to claim his right to the English throne.	1
Some boys cried out and shed bitter tears before or after the application of the strap; others accepted the infliction with stoic calm ... but few could control an expression of anguish in anticipation.	0
This has confused the fans about whether the Koopalings are part of the family or not, although series creator Shigeru Miyamoto has confirmed that this is currently not the case.	0
The median age was 35 years.	0
Prefects of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura since 1908	0
They were celebrated for their cattle, especially for the mules of the lesser island; they had an immense number of rabbits, and were free from all venomous reptiles.	0
He is of German and Scottish ancestry.	1
In his youth, Röpke was first inspired by socialism and afterwards by the Austrian School economist Ludwig von Mises.	0
Former Auckland Electric Power Board Building 1949 Remuera Road, Lew Piper architect.	0
However, it was decided to send her to London and accompanied by another agent, she walked across the Pyrenees mountains making their way to Gibraltar and eventually London.	0
A dozen is a quantity that means twelve.	1
20 May 2007 — Barberino di Mugello to Fiorano Modenese,	0
2nd Overall Tour Down Under, Luis León Sánchez	0
It is mandatory for all travellers arriving at Sharm El Sheikh International Airport to complete a landing card (handed-out by crew on flight), and on departing to complete an exiting card (handed-out at check-in) before passing through passport control.	0
The submarine was laid down on 19 October 1942 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 219, launched on 21 May 1943 and commissioned on 7 July under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Johahn de Buhr.	0
1 in 9 Honduran men will be murdered.	1
The authors note that currently the observed changes are "uncomfortably close" to the uncertainties in the measurements.	0
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points	0
A women’s Inter-Service competition was introduced in 2003 and since its inauguration the army teams have been its undisputed champions.	0
Biting someone with false teeth in Louisiana, USA, is considered aggravated assault.	1
Liverpool defender John Arne Riise dispossessed Hargreaves, McAllister took control of the loose ball and passed to Steven Gerrard.	0
When he arrives at the Moscow courthouse for Jack, Russian terrorists bomb the building and Jack escapes with imprisoned ex-billionaire Yuri Komarov (Sebastian Koch).	0
However, the German 3rd and 26th divisions broke through to St Eloi and advanced to Zwarteleen, some east of Ypres, only to be checked by the British 7th Cavalry Brigade.	0
The numerous monasteries across the Empire were the very centre of the cultural, educational and spiritual life of the Bulgarian society.	0
The lemon shark is named for its yellowish skin.	1
Prime Minister Taro Aso told Japan was ready to lend up to $100 billion from our foreign reserves to the IMF if it finds itself with insufficient funds to help emergency economies.	0
Females continue to interact with their offspring even after weaning, and have been observed sharing kills with their offspring when they can not obtain any prey.	0
Two of her fashion icons are Marylin Monroe and Audrey Hepburn.	1
Jillian York has accused Avaaz of lack of transparency and arrogance.	0
Fried began his career with the release of his first album No Jew Will Be Left Behind in 1981.	0
The project is located in Eastern Oregon in both Morrow and Gilliam counties, near Arlington.	0
Vin Diesel's name is an anagram for "I end lives."	1
An episode revolving around gender roles; Dr. Mike is given a horse by Snowbird after inoculating the Cheyenne children from Smallpox.	0
30 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 7 businesses in this sector.	0
Kinka in the city of Gifu	0
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition.	0
Ghazi Mukhtar Pasha resigned as Grand Vizier of Turkey, and was succeeded by Kiamil Pasha	0
His son has expressed an interest in acting.	1
In that tape, several players, including German internationals Bernd Patzke and Manfred Manglitz, offer to let themselves be bribed to help Offenbach avoid relegation.	0
Iðunn is introduced as Bragi's wife in the prose introduction to the poem Lokasenna, where the two attend a feast held by Ægir.	0
Calum Hood’s middle name is Thomas.	1
He had been fighting the disease, privately, for two years before his death.	0
Maxwell began the 2011 season with the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees, but his season ended prematurely due to a torn labrum.	0
In its lifetime, an armadillo can have up to 56 young over the course of her life.	1
59% of people say that their average looking	1
In this garb Stanton visited Bloomer, who began to wear the costume and promote it enthusiastically in her magazine.	0
Jared Connaughton - Canadian Olympic athlete	0
A “Banana Republic” is a region that is solely sufficient on one single resource for its income.	1
Charolais bulls and females are admired for their muscling, correctness and size.	1
Author John Flanagan advises on his website that writer-director Paul Haggis remains committed to the project.	0
It is aimed at young adults.	1
The Winter War, and particularly the Moscow Peace, were seen by IKL and its sympathizers as the ultimate proof of the parliamentary government's failed foreign policy.	0
In August 2011, Bond again joined Brackley Town on loan to receive some playing experience.	0
A soap bubble is 10,000 times thinner than the average human hair	1
The Fate of Lawyers and the Clergy	0
While on tour with Magcon, a female fan managed to get into the room where he was sleeping and watched him sleep before being escorted out.	1
The North Korean soldiers, Rhee Soo-hwa (Jung Jae-young), Jang Young-hee (Im Ha-ryong), and Seo Taek-gi (Ryu Deok-hwan) are found by an odd girl Yeo-il (Kang Hye-jung) who acts crazy.	0
The study harshly criticized those foreigners for not having made any effort to prevent the ongoing atrocities.	0
After returning, on September 25 he hit his first grand slam in "grand" fashion.	0
Kevin Smith was approached to script the Green Lantern movie but also turned the offer down.	1
He had four other siblings, three younger sisters and an older brother.	1
There are over 35 different versions of Donkey Kong including Donkey Kong, Donkey Kong Country and Donkey Kong Jungle Beat as well as collaborations with other characters like Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars.	1
During the 19th century it was known throughout the country and, in time, became part of the folk heritage.	0
Surprisingly, armadillos are good swimmers, and can hold their breath for up to 6 minutes.	1
There were 4,838 students in the primary school program, which last four years.	0
He invented a hydrogen powered internal combustion engine with electric ignition and described it in a French patent published in 1807.	0
1% to 3% of the world population are short sleepers, people who live happily on just a few hours of sleep per night.	1
Donkey Kong first hit arcades on July 9th 1981, making DK 37 years old.	1
The eagle was made as realistic as the rules of heraldry would permit, and the scroll style was chosen to least interfere with the eagle.	0
It is often served to the ill and the elderly, and is favoured among Filipinos living in colder climates because it is warm, soft, and easy to digest.	0
When he was younger, he had a fear of clowns.	1
Actor Aaron Paul and singer Katy Perry are both fans of the band.	1
1st Stage 5 Tour de Romandie	0
With two female singers, the original lineup was unusual for the time, and indeed, never performed live, as the Woods departed the band shortly after the release of their debut album, Hark!	0
Encounter competition between bears and cougars: Some ecological implications.	0
Native Americans also used very small amounts of the root as an effective treatment for ulcers.	0
There are up to 1,500 different species of spiders, and some of them are poisonous while others are totally harmless.	1
Austin used to wear red braces and actually liked them.	1
Its Inventory includes hotels and B&Bs, and some condos and other types of commercial lodging.	0
During his speech at Nehru Stadium , the Pope said that:	0
Females continue to interact with their offspring even after weaning, and have been observed sharing kills with their offspring when they can not obtain any prey.	0
The estimate for 2005 was 486.	0
The militias also initiated searches of houses in the city, slaughtering Tutsi and looting their property.	0
1 hits in the title song and "Vincent".	0
NH-63 passes through Yellapura, Hubli, Gadag, Koppal, Hosapete, Toranagallu, Bellary and Guntakal and usually traveses east-west.	0
However, Messe's forces were able to escape encirclement when the 1st Armoured Division was held up at El Hamma.	0
In Chinese, the name Coca-Cola means “to make mouth happy”.	1
It is thought that 55% of house cats are obese due to overeating.	1
Johann Christoph Blumhardt (1805–1880) was a German Lutheran theologian and the father of Christoph Blumhardt.	0
The King officially held the 75 hagæ (houses enclosed in fences or closes) wherein lived 175 homagers (heads of household) and the town rendered £32.	0
bar:bristol from: 1927 till: 1929 color:asiatic text:"Mark L. Bristol"	0
His six RBIs during that series were the most of any of the Astros' hitters.	0
The hessian government reform formed 1971/72 Bad Vilbel (with Heilsberg), Dortelweil, Gronau and Massenheim to the new city Bad Vilbel.	0
The Hermitage of San Formerio is in Pangua, Condado de Treviño.	0
Carmen later had additional Top Ten singles success with "Hungry Eyes" (from Dirty Dancing, 1987) and "Make Me Lose Control".	0
The name "Greyhound" is generally believed to come from the Old English .	0
A baby dolphin is usually allowed to stay with its mother for around two to three years.	1
The writers chose the latter as they thought it would have funnier results.	0
They see his red hair and so they start to fight again.	0
Halman made his debut at sixteen years of age at the Dutch major league team of Corendon Kinheim in Haarlem in 2003.	0
Denis Lavagne (born 9 July 1964) is a French football coach who last managed the Tunisian club Étoile du Sahel.	0
Hoi District, Aichi, a former district of Japan	0
Therefore other factors besides capital accumulation must have been big contributors to the Soviet economic crisis.	0
It is suspected that the Krone tried to shut down the Falter because of its critical reporting of the Krone.	0
9º Kyukyū (White Belt w/ 1 Green Stripe | Yellow Belt)	0
After Kasimdzhanov's victory, FIDE opened the bidding for the Kasimdzhanov-Kasparov match in August 2004, bids to be received by September 15.	0
People who swear tend to be more honest.	1
At the onset of World War II in 1939, plans for the 1942 World Cup were cancelled, as was the 1946 World Cup due to FIFA having no funding for the tournament and still having to rebuild itself following the devastating conflict.	1
He went to the Pine Ridge Secondary School in the Pickering suburb of Ontario.	1
The 10000th patent Microsoft acquired was for the Microsoft Surface, the revolutionary laptop device.	1
1st Overall Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré	0
Honour Cross of the World War 1914/1918	0
When Woodward started working at the Washington Post, he phoned Felt on several occasions to ask for information for articles in the Post.	0
After the war he returned to Poland in 1947 and joined the Air Force of the Polish Army.	0
A study claims that there are 3 types of selfie takers: communicators, autobiographers, and self-promoters.	1
The Excelsior District is a neighborhood in San Francisco, California.	0
The turkey is classed as poultry.	1
One of his favourite television shows is Family Guy.	1
The press coined the term "Dugmemanija" (Buttonmania) and the socialist public went into an argument over the phenomena.	0
Australian men’s fashion magazine GQ revealed that he was 2010’s Man of the Year.	1
The word ‘emoji’ comes from the words ‘picture’ and ‘character’ in Japanese, or e and moji, and has no relevance to the word emotion; the similarity is nothing more than a coincidence.	1
He joined NAMBLA at the age of 15 and edited the NAMBLA Bulletin for six years.	0
The series ran from 1972 to 1981, and resulted in six sequel films.	0
If you drilled a tunnel straight through the Earth and jumped in, then it would take you about 42 minutes to get to the other side!	1
Mars’ moons were discovered by an American astronomer named Asaph Hall in 1877.	1
When you see a cat rubbing up against a human, it is being affectionate but also marking its territory to make other cats aware.	1
In an act of religious zeal, the temple was then levered over the edge into the sea.	0
Many of his lectures and books were translated into English over the years and are available from multiple publishers.	0
"It has been a matter of passing comment, as pointed out by an eminent lawyer not long ago, that a resolution of a House of Commons which has long since ceased to be, could not bind future parliaments and future Houses of Commons.	0
These differences are often overwhelmed by other performance factors.	0
In 1832 he was directly employed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to prepare plans for further improvements in the capital.	0
He painted in Pisa, Florence, Rome, and Genoa.	0
He is currently at college, but alongside his studies, he likes to attend social events and promoting campaigns.	1
For one episode of Malcolm in the Middle, Bryan Craston decided to undergo hundreds of hours of roller-skating practice to teach his TV-son Malcolm how to roller-skate.	1
At 18 years old, Lilly traveled to the Philippines for 3 weeks as a missionary.	1
1993 - Yamamoto Shūgorō Prize: All She Was Worth	0
on u2tour.de (includes examples of graffiti)	0
The domestic dog (known in Latin as ‘Canis Familiaris‘) shares many wolf traits.	1
The winners of the first two pairings compete against each other in the first final, while the winners of the other two compete in the second.	0
To help her get over her stage-shyness, Beyoncé invented an alter-ego called Sasha Fierce.	1
2003Max MirnyiRaemon Sluiter7–6 (7–3) , 6–4	0
He is 5’5 tall, which many fans are surprised to discover.	1
Pantheism is belief that God did not create the universe, but rather the universe is God.	1
Native Americans knew ramps well.	1
Rather than give in to this demand, the Salkinds replaced him with director Richard Lester, who worked with them on The Three Musketeers and The Four Musketeers and as an uncredited producer on Superman.	0
Also, one or more of the layers may be replaced by a mechanically strong material, such as beta cloth.	0
2010: Wilbur Cross Medal, Yale University.	0
Amy is married to Kif, the assistant to Zapp Brannigan.	1
Cape Town, South Africa: Struik Publishers.	0
For example, is a point of the curve defined by and the usual unit circle is the real part of this curve.	0
The carronade disappeared from the Royal Navy from the 1850s after the development of steel-jacketed cannon by William George Armstrong and Joseph Whitworth.	0
The word denim comes from 'de Nimes' or from Nimes which is a town in France	1
The lotus is able to maintain a stable flower temperature, unlike other flowering plants.	1
The Forum d’Avignon – Culture, economy, media is a non-profit organization based in Paris, created in 2007.	0
Dora the Explorer would often get advice from her Spanish friend Senior Toucan.	1
Catholic Church of the Most Blessed Virgin (Kirche Allerseligste Jungfrau), Im Hopfengarten 1 – aisleless church, 1858	0
Harry used to be in a band called ‘White Eskimo’.	1
Each year, the Coca-Cola truck visits more than 40 locations up and down the UK.	1
Twenty-three were in commission by the end of 1942.	0
Every minute, over 100 hours of video is uploaded to YouTube.	1
They are three times more likely to become alcoholics as the right side of the brain has a lower tolerance to alcohol!	1
The aim was to deconstruct the tensions and procedures by which they are constructed, expressed, and deployed.	0
She won her first BRIT award for International Female Solo Artist in February 2015.	1
Bernese are outdoor dogs at heart, though well-behaved in the house; they need activity and exercise, but do not have a great deal of endurance.	0
Another view suggests that Constantine killed Crispus because as a supposedly illegitimate son, he would cause a crisis in the order of succession to the throne.	0
Bielowski August, t.II, Lviv 1872, p. 876).	0
Think a little less so you can live a little more.	1
The churches main Head Quarters are in Salt Lake City, Utah.	1
Istanbul (Killmaster novel), a novel in the Killmaster series	0
Awarding the gold, silver and bronze medals started in the 1904 Olympics.	1
He was presented with the Barclays Man of the Match award for his performance.	0
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 Calories an hour.	1
Many Hindu deities like Brahma, Lakshmi and Saraswati are depicted to be seated on a lotus flower.	1
Browne was recognized for his work by the National Cartoonists Society with their Humor Comics Strip Award in 1959, 1960, 1972 and 1977 for Hi and Lois, and again in 1984 and 1986 for Hägar the Horrible.	0
Around 6,000 people arrived in 1848 and in 1849 around 90,000 people arrived to hunt for gold.	1
Louis Floch (born 28 December 1947 in Saint-Pol-de-Léon) is a former French footballer.	0
During the trial, the defence showed that Megrahi's co-defendant, Fhimah, had a watertight alibi, having been in Sweden at the time of the sabotage.	0
People are more likely to return a lost wallet if they find a baby picture inside of it!	1
On September 12, 2009, Nintendo released Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver in Japan.	0
The products of the reactions between ozone and many common indoor pollutants include organic compounds that may be more odorous, irritating, or toxic than those from which they are formed.	0
They are elusive, secretive animals rarely seen in the wild.	0
Both of these are actually functional, as they maintain individual pace, unit pace uniformity, and actually help the soldiers march in their relatively elevated pace.	0
Alfredsson returned to Ottawa for the first time with the Red Wings on 1 December 2013, and was greeted with a video tribute and loud cheers from the Canadian Tire Centre crowd.	0
Altogether, between 60,000 and 100,000 adult Swan Geese remain in the wild today.	0
Although life (as we know it) has only existed on Earth for 150 – 200 million years, the Earth itself is almost 5 billion years old!	1
The Svalbard reindeer suffer from insular dwarfism.	1
When the Fascist regime crumbled (1943), Papini entered the Franciscan convent in La Verna.	0
Stewie has a unique head shape, which none of his family members have.	1
Early teapots are small by western standards because they are generally designed for a single drinker and the Chinese historically drank the tea directly from the spout.	0
Solomon Luria (1510-1573), an Ashkenazic rabbi	0
On 25 April, the day before Ravachol was to be sentenced, the Cafe Very in which Ravachol was arrested was also bombed killing the owner and a customer as well as injuring numerous others.	0
The Watermelon Carnival was suspended at the beginning of World War II in December 1941 and was not resumed until 1980.	0
Christmas crackers were originally called “cosaques” and are supposedly named after the Cossack Soldiers who would fire their guns into the air on horseback.	1
Nonetheless the party was able to fill the streets of Tehran and Abadan "with tens of thousands of enthusiastic demonstrators" for May Day in 1946.	0
An agricultural county, the people of Lixin have depended on farming (mainly wheat)for hundreds of years.	0
The use of African slaves was fundamental to growing colonial cash crops, which were exported to Europe.	0
Pringles were first sold in America in 1968 but were not popular until the mid-1970s.	1
JonDoe297 is actually the online handle used by Bruce Wayne himself.	1
The Jews protested, and a Prussian official Christian Wilhelm von Dohm wrote a highly influential pamphlet “On the Civic Improvement of the Jews” (1781), which advanced the cause of Jewish emancipation in both Germany and France.	0
An Australian orangutan has grown a fetish for Nicole Kidman intentionally finding and keeping pictures of her in his den.	1
In parallel, some regular Romanians such as nurse Viorica Agarici intervened to save Jewish lives, while, from inside the Jewish community, Chief Rabbi Alexandru Şafran and activist Mişu Benvenisti rallied with Wilhelm Filderman in public protests against Antonescu's decisions, being occasionally joined by A. I. Zissu.	0
It monitors local governmental meetings and activities and sponsors workshops and presentations of important, relevant issues.	0
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names, with over 40 in English alone.	1
The dextrorotatory (R-(+)-) enantiomer, subsequently called dexamisole, has a melting point of 227–227.5 °C as its hydrochloride salt, and 60–61.5 °C as the free base.	0
On August 13, 1888, Langtry and Gebhard traveled in her private car attached to an Erie Railroad express train bound for Chicago.	0
During high school, Trainor played in a jazz band, playing the trumpet.	1
On May 19, 1614, Maria Angela was released, along with five others, to a religious foundation in Zaragoza, which opened on May 24 of the same year.	0
Dry swallowing one teaspoon of sugar can commonly cure hic-ups.	1
A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.	1
Gods Eater Burst - Tsubaki Amamiya	0
Aside from the two planes that were flown into both Trade Center buildings, a third plane hit the Pentagon, and a fourth plane was crashed into a field in Pennsylvania.	1
These two nations were inevitably linked in the President's mind as twin emergent states: one serving the needs of the refugee Jew, the other absorbing recently displaced Palestinian Arabs.	0
The shows creator, Jenji Kohan, was responsible for writing an episode of not only The Fresh Prince of Bel Air, but also Gilmore Girls.	1
If you want to refer to a large group of these birds, the proper term is a pandemonium of parrots!	1
Gott was born in Pilsen, at that time Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, now Plzeň, Czech Republic), and has lived in Prague since age 6.	0
When travelling across the ice, polar bears can jump over ice cracks as wide as 19 feet (5.8 meters)!	1
An oil extracted from cinnamon, eugenol, has been used as a local anesthetic and antiseptic by dentists.	1
There is a Japanese Manga called Hamtaro all about a hamster named Hamtaro, who goes on adventures with 13 other friends.	1
Megazone 23 (Final Part) (director, 1985-1989)	0
Jean Rédélé's first car was a 4CV coach, in 1952.	0
The oldest surviving Japanese book (written in the year 712) there is a scarecrow referred to as “Kuebiko” who is a deity that cannot walk, but knows everything about the world.	1
Had his first app developed by Maker Studios in August of 2014, that allowed users to use their iPhone to watch his video feeds.	1
Hinckley, UK: Midland Publishing Ltd., 2008.	0
She also performed in several horror films, including Ghost Story, Sleepwalkers, Stay Alive, and Silent Hill.	0
After entering the game for at least one series per game as a true freshman, Brohm followed in the footsteps of father, Oscar, and brother, Jeff, by becoming a starting quarterback at the University of Louisville in 2005.	0
His visit to Britain is the subject of a Welsh radio play by Saunders Lewis entitled Buchedd Garmon.	0
Mohawk chief Joseph Brant led a group of Loyalists, Mohawk and other warriors against rebel colonial settlers in the area.	0
Bundelkhand is geographically the central part of India covering some part of Madhya Pradesh and some part of Uttar Pradesh.	0
His approval rating stood at 87 percent with only 10 percent disapproving.	0
The early texts Gautama Dharmashastra and Apastamba describe him as a man.	0
Fatal attacks on humans are rare, but have recently been increasing in North America as more people enter cougar territories.	1
Despite their efforts, these amendments did nothing to promote women's suffrage.	0
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.	0
Shawn sleeps better in the tour bus than he does in hotels.	1
During his career to-date Freddie has had the chance to work with some incredible actors, including Johnny Depp, Kate Winslet, Helena Bonham Carter, Kristen Bell, the late-great Robin Williams, and of course, Vera Farmiga.	1
In his audition tape, Jason Momoa (KhalDrogo) performed the Haka dance, an ancestral war-cry, dance or challenge of the Maori people from New Zealand.	1
His vaccine was a modern medical miracle."	0
The mining operation was then taken over by the Union of Christmas Island Workers.	0
The planet’s atmosphere is mostly made up from Carbon Dioxide.	1
It's possible to lead a cow up stairs but not down	1
Men tend to dream more about other men, while women dream roughly equally about both the genders!	1
A male baboon can kill a leopard	1
Claude Rouer (born 1929), French road cyclist	0
The series was released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 7, 2010, from Vivendi Entertainment.	0
In 1901, President Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the White House.	1
Larrys Mabiala Destin (born 8 October 1987) is a footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Karabükspor as a defender, having previously played for Paris Saint-Germain, Plymouth Argyle and Nice.	0
L'histoire très bonne et très joyeuse de Colinot trousse-chemise (1973)	0
The lotus-eaters in Homer’s Odyssey was not eaters of the lotus found in Asia but rather consumed a prickly shrub with a sweet, mealy fruit found in the Mediterranean.	0
In 1885 it was the largest gas extraction plant in the Netherlands.	0
When winter comes, Toby is snowed in for several months.	0
Ashton Irwin has admitted he would date a fan.	1
The Senate expelled Senator Blount and, after initially hearing his impeachment, dismissed the charges for lack of jurisdiction.	0
This growth was boosted by the new railway lines from Zurich to Pfäffikon (1875) and Zug (1897).	0
Nowadays, scarecrows are usually just used as a symbol for fall and harvest instead of practical use.	1
Bordeaux–Paris, the gruelling 560 km, partly motor-paced event, run from 1891 to 1988	0
The Saints scored the go ahead TD and two-point conversion to take a 24–17 lead with 5:42 left.	0
The most common aspectual distinction in languages of the world is that between perfective (complete, permanent, simple, etc.)	0
Areas of the film that were commonly praised were the original concept, special effects, and acting.	0
The last dignitary to stay in the royal bedrooms was Margaret Thatcher, who spent a night there with her husband Dennis during one of the European Council meetings held in the 1980s.	0
Revised version (Philips 454 559): Nikolai Gassiev, Ljubov Kazarnovskaya, Marianna Tarassova, Valery Lebed, Sergey Aleksashkin, Vladimir Galusin, Elena Obraztsova, Alexander Shubin, Andrei Khramtsov, Elena Mirtova, Erik Eglit, Evgeny Kochergin, Gennadi Bezzubenkov, Gennady Anikin, Gregory Zastavny, Lia Shevtzova, Liubov Sokolova, Liudmilla Kannunnikova, Olga Kondina, Sergei Naida, Sergei Yukhmanov, Vladimir Zhivopistsev, Yevgeny Fedotov, Yuri Dolgopolov, Yuri Zhikalov; Kirov Orchestra of the Mariinsky Theatre; Valery Gergiev, conductor (1996 recording)	0
In particular, the one who has never heard of a ship is appointed to the cabinet post of First Lord of the Admiralty.	0
During the Viceroyalty of New Spain it was divided into the district of Nueva Galicia and was composed almost completely of the indigenous people who in turn were peasants.	0
In a survey done by the ADCA Science Committee, some	0
What was unusual was th the second blooming in November 2012 occurred less than 20 months after he first.	0
1-4Wrecking CrewBonus StageHirokazu Tanaka月夜にぶちこわせ (Tsukiyo ni Buchikowase)	0
Mars has two moons, their names are Deimos and Phobos.	1
Edward Johnson invented the first electrical tree lights in 1882.	1
Orange ribbons are worn to support and raise awareness for many conditions and causes including self-harm, ADHD, Multiple Sclerosis and Animal Cruelty.	1
The two extant species are the long-finned pilot whale (G. melas) and the short-finned pilot whale (G. macrorhynchus).	0
The biomass of all the ants around the world is equivalent to the biomass of all human beings around the world.	1
Surviving relatives are present on all three continents.	0
Hasan Cihat Örter´le Herkes Gitar Çalabilir, 2 VCD - (Belgesel Ajans)	0
It quickly becomes clear that Frank has become the best weapon FUNERAL has to defend against the aliens, which leaves Ryu torn between revenge and the desire to protect his comrades.	0
Jack Black is the son of rocket scientists.	1
1891Wimbledon ChampionshipsWilfred Baddeley6–4, 1–6, 7–5, 6–0	0
Directors : Gilberto Azevedo, Bernard Dubois, Olivier Langlois, Laurent Lévy, Jacques Payette, Johanne Prégent	0
The municipality comprises the towns of Lo, Noordschote, Pollinkhove and Reninge.	0
In May 2015, Aaron’s stepbrother Nic Anderson sadly died at the age of 17.	1
His eye colour is hazel and his natural hair colour is brown.	1
However, it died on the Order Paper before it could be given third reading when the 40th parliament was dissolved.	0
Pariah - To Mock a Killingbird - 1993	0
The world’s first color photograph was taken of a Tartan Ribbon in Scotland.	1
The overall crossover holds a score of 5.8 out of 10 on the review aggregator Comic Book Roundup, based on 17 reviews.	0
Upon his arrival, he was greeted by crowds of tens of thousands of people, cheering his return.	0
The day the price of gold was pegged to the U.S. dollar is one of the most important points of U.S. history because it helped make the United States the global superpower it is today.	0
The club was selected as the nation's best from any sport in 2004 and 2005.	0
By the time she was in her 30s, she had earned a reputation as the best-read person, male or female, in New England.	0
On 29th July 2005, astronomers announced their discovery of Eris – a dwarf planet that orbits the Sun directly.	1
While attending the art school, he would get in trouble with the instructor because of his unconventional painting style.	1
Each year, there are 2.8 million churros sold at Disneyland.	1
The larva then consumes the seeds within.	0
After King Harold was defeated, William of Normandy was crowned the King of England on Christmas Day, 1066.	1
If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground it can’t hop – they use their tails for balance.	1
The lemur is a native animal of Madagascar.	1
"Caius Julius Asper Pansinianus, mayor for the fifth time (or for five years), military tribune of the first legion, prefect of the foreign cavalry composed of soldiers from ... (here a stone is missing) constructed and ornamented (this gate) from his own money."	0
Delegates from the principal clergies of the kingdom gathered in synod, under the patronage of the High Priest of Ptah and in the presence of the pharaoh, to establish the religious policy of the country for years to come, also dictating fees and taxes, creating new foundations, and paying tribute to the Ptolemaic rulers.	0
Most archaeological evidence shows that humans who came into contact with gold were impressed by the metal.	0
February 19, 1992: Traded to Los Angeles by Pittsburgh for Brian Benning, Jeff Chychrun and Los Angeles' 1st round choice (later traded to Philadelphia - Philadelphia selected Jason Bowen) in 1992 Entry Draft	0
Because of this efficacy, Yijin Jing has existed for centuries as a favorite with the populace and is still widely used in sanatoria and hospitals for therapeutic purposes.	0
1936 WPA projects help local economy.	0
On average cats spend 2/3rd of their day sleeping!	1
The Night of the Henna was celebrated by most groups in the areas where henna grew naturally: Jews, Eid, Diwali, Karva Chauth, Passover, Nowruz, Mawlid, and most saints' days were celebrated with some henna.	0
Amorphous ice is an ice lacking crystal structure.	0
Slowbro and Slowpoke tails grow back fast if lost.	1
Michael Bell, "Service-Oriented Modeling: Service Analysis, Design, and Architecture" (2008 Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-14111-3)	0
Johnny found a dog in a box in 2009, he named the dog Vera and has looked after it ever since.	1
This result stands as a record for the club in League matches.	0
Steve was able to track down Lee Hazlewood in 1997 and secure permission to reissue five of the finest titles of the Hazlewood back catalog.	0
Many mass-produced ice creams have seaweed in them.	1
It is located in the south-east of the country, neighboring Busan to the south and facing Gyeongju to the north.	0
Biggest win: 9–0 (v. Velles, Coupe de France Seventh Round, November 1997)	0
He made his debut in Palermo, as Rodolfo, in 1947.	0
Jerseys can be horned or polled, with horns often being short and curving upwards.	0
He carefully select pitchers that didn't have any dead insects inside.	0
She was inspired to write by classic novelists such as Austen, Brontë and Shakespeare.	1
He refereed races for the early Amateur Athletic Club and set rules for long jump and shot put.	0
List of compositions by Antonín Dvořák	0
His books are classed as horror, fantasy and science-fiction.	1
The earliest bronze archeological finds in Indonesia date from 1–2 BC, including flat plates probably suspended and struck by a wooden or bone mallet.	1
You can actually grow pineapple plants by slicing off the top of a pineapple and planting it in soil.	1
Several populations have been named as subspecies.	0
These secondary lenses typically screw onto the front of the primary lens either directly or by use of an adapter tube.	0
During the 50th anniversary celebration of the Mayor’s Office of Media and Entertainment in New York, Alicia Keys was announced as one of the ambassadors along with Lady Gaga, Robert De Niro, John Leguizamo and Jane Rosenthal.	1
His father was a Napoleonic general.	1
Compulsory tricks (also known as a trick ladder) are a set of tricks that have been chosen before the contest, and the competitor must successfully complete each trick on their first or second attempt to score points.	0
The family lives at 43 Cherry Street, in Langley Falls.	1
Emilie wore a wig for season 1 of Once Upon a Time, dyed her hair for seasons 2-5, and then went back to using a wig for season 6.	1
Post-Crisis comics flip this idea around for both superheroes.	0
The word “friends” is said in every episode of Friends.	1
Essay on Medieval Military History: Strategy, Military Revolution, and the Hundred Years War.	0
January 10th is “Peculiar People Day” – a day to celebrate those of us who are a little quirky, weird or eccentric.	1
Typical sizes are 7, 10, 11, 12, 14, 16, 18, and 22 count, ranked from the coarsest to the finest count.	0
23 photographs and 3 ultraviolet spectra of very good quality were taken of the lunar farside from distances of 11,570 to 9960 km over a period of 68 minutes.	0
He was met by Charles Widmore who gave him the alias, Jeremy Bentham.	1
File:Hirado Dutch Trading Post 01.jpg|Hirado Dutch Trading Post	0
In many other non-parliamentary democracies, a strong executive branch typically has the authority to keep the government functioning even without an approved budget.	0
The XJ220 was not initially intended to be a production car, but, following the reception of the concept and financial interest from serious buyers, a feasibility study was carried out by teams from TWR and Jaguar.	0
Alcom Entertainment, 3 Arts Entertainment and Belle Pictures made the film of the same name.	1
The first untethered human jet pack flight lasted 1 second longer than the first powered flight by the Wright brothers.	1
Tarashkyevich had been working on the preparation of the grammar during 1912–1917, with the help and supervision of academics Shakhmatov and Karskiy.	0
This is different from raising animals to produce meat.	0
(Music and lyrics by Roberto Resendo Camargo)	0
1664–1670: Magnate conspiracy: The Zrinski, Wesselényi and Frankopan uprising against the Habsburgs.	0
Other than Roman citizens, a Greek citizen of one of the Greek cities had the highest status, and a rural Egyptian would be in the lowest class.	0
Lee ordered cavalry under Maj. Gen. Wade Hampton to make a reconnaissance in force, break through the Union cavalry screen, and find the Union infantry.	0
Krauss, Begriff und Form der Häresic nach Talmud und Midraschim, Hamburg, 1896;	0
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish.	1
If both the wizard and Elf are chosen then the wizard chooses a spell set first, then the Elf chooses a set and the wizard gets the remaining two sets.	0
Ramps are native to eastern North America, ranging from the rich, moist	0
Ottawa continued in financial trouble and sold Punch Broadbent to the New York Americans.	0
Palmer Square, a large rectangular-shaped historic public space and park which is also part of the Logan Square community, is home to St. Sylvester Catholic Church and School and the Serbian Orthodox Church of the Holy Resurrection.	0
Gladys Aylward was deeply upset by the inaccuracy of the movie.	0
The dried beef can be eaten dry or reconstituted in sauces.	0
The winning team and its fans traditionally paint the goalposts of the stadium in their school colors (orange for I.F.	0
Denis later appeared in films in several other countries.	0
The Gateshead fiddler James Hill (b 1811 d 1856) composed the tune "Earl Gray" in the Scottish Strathspey style, possibly to commemorate the opening of Grey's Monument in 1838.	0
Joon-ha carries her on his back and they struggle home, only to be confronted by her angry parents.	0
AGO system, manufacturing process for making stitchless shoes	0
Mars’ seasons are twice as long as those on Earth since it takes Mars 687 days to orbit the sun which is twice as long as Earth’s 365-day journey!	1
The explorer, Strzelecki, also found small specks of gold in the late 1830s.	1
In 1982–83, Oilers general manager and coach Glen Sather decided to go with the young duo of Moog and Fuhr and traded Low.	0
The action occurs during an intense summer heat wave and a prolonged garbage strike, which just exacerbates Edison's plight to no end as he and his wife Edna deal with noisy neighbors, loud sounds emanating from Manhattan streets up to their apartment and even a robbery of their apartment during broad daylight.	0
Halcyon ( ) is a short dialogue with the distinction of being attributed in the manuscripts to both Plato and Lucian, although the work is not by either writer.	0
If you were to have your picture taken by the very first camera, you’d need to sit still for 8 hours.	1
The encyclopedia was later translated into Japanese by Utagawa Genshin ( ) under the title .	0
She is the first woman to receive both the Mark Twain Prize and the Kennedy Center Honors, which she received in 2003.	0
Their tongues can be as long as 45cm, allowing them to get their lunch from very tall trees!	1
Another wartime personality of Valenciennes was Louise de Bettignies (born in Saint-Amand-les-Eaux), a pupil of the Ursulines in Valenciennes from 1890 to 1896.	0
The Best of Led Zeppelin is a two-volume greatest hits compilation album series by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records.	0
There were technical difficulties with some of the tests: one device had a yield much lower than predicted (a "fizzle"), while two other devices detonated with over twice their predicted yields.	0
Anastasia Dobromyslova, former Women's World Professional Darts Champion lives in the town.	0
"Someboy Stole My Gal" by Ted Weems And His Orchestra	0
About 90% of the worlds population kisses	1
pegmatites tend to occur in the aureoles of granites in most cases, and are usually granitic in character, often closely matching the compositions of nearby granites.	0
Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney – sculptor and art patron	0
2 #10-12, Flash Plus Nightwing #1, The Flash Secret Files and Origins #1-2	0
hoya ("pit, hole") ~ olla ("pot")	0
Media, web and software rights of the events of the World Championship Cycle were awarded to CNC.	0
The three moons are believed to harbour internal liquid-water oceans, and so are central to understanding the habitability of icy worlds.	0
As for Bhutto, it was another political defeat and her image gradually declined in 1998.	0
Her Lettres were published by Mme de Guibert in 1809 and a spurious additional collection appeared in 1820.	0
Rotten Tomatoes reports that 71% of critics gave positive reviews based on 24 reviews with an average score of 6/10.	0
He and Topanga raise a family, a daughter and a son, which leads into Girl Meets World.	0
However, only a few rose in the polls above the error margin.	0
The rank name was in use in East Germany NPA as a direct counterpart from the Soviet Praporshchik rank.	0
Accordingly, his soul is returned to him.	0
By the end of the 15th century there was a myriad of autonomous Christian kingdoms and principalities.	0
The better-funded, larger, and more representative woman suffragist vehicle American Woman Suffrage Association (AWSA), founded the following November and led by Stone, Blackwell, and Howe, supported the Fifteenth Amendment as written.	0
Google’s headquarters feature a range of random items and decorations, including Google colored phone boxes, a T-rex nicknamed Stan and adult-sized ball pits.	1
The city is the birthplace of NHL player Mathieu Garon, and Quebec politician Joseph-Léonard Duguay.	0
After the breeding season, pregnant females separate themselves into maternity colonies.	0
Simone Pasqua (1492–1565) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	0
The song is used in the second season of Eastbound and Down when the main character Kenny Powers becomes La Flama Blanca.	0
But the fact that he had opposed the execution of Louis XVI counted in his favour, and in May 1818 his civil rights as a citizen of France were restored.	0
Although used primarily for rugby union in winter and cricket in summer, recently it has hosted rugby league and soccer matches.	0
If the development of Bergen was rather slow during the Middle Ages and the early part of the Modern Age, due mainly to fires in 1354, 1585 and 1796, the agricultural reform in the 19th century and the town's connexion to the Celle–Soltau railway led to far-reaching changes.	0
Best practices are also used in healthcare to deliver high-quality care that promotes best outcomes.	0
Promote your web site, under the logo and during the break.	0
The Top album featured Smith playing all instruments, barring the drums.	1
Despite how much he eats, he has a six-pack.	1
Aaron Carpenter has his own YouTube channels, and often participates in challenges with his brother Dustyn or friends from the Magcon group.	1
When carrying out checks at external borders, border guards are, by law, required to respect the dignity of travellers (particularly in cases involving vulnerable persons) and are forbidden from discriminating against persons based on their sex, racial or ethnic origin, religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation.	0
Clam-tron 4000 (voiced by Keith Silverstein) – A large robot that can make bombs from clams.	0
There were also obvious environmental messages in most episodes.	0
Neighboring municipalities are: Lagoa Grande, Coromandel, Guarda-Mor, Lagamar and Paracatu.	0
This system allows the frequency of injections to be easily tailored to the patient's serum cobalamin levels and prevent clinical relapse.	0
Charles of the Croix de Castries (1756–1842), deputy of the nobility of the prévôté and of the Viscountcy of Paris.	0
This glass was found together with a cage cup, which has been lost since the Second World War.	0
The original bodywork tooling for the Ford RS200 was latterly bought by Banham Conversions, who used it to make a kit car version based on the Austin Maestro.	0
The Lust for Life sessions took place soon after the completion of a concert tour in support of the The Idiot album, the tour ending on 16 April 1977.	0
Loxioides is a genus of Hawaiian honeycreeper.	0
He supports the Florida Gators, a team for which his brother Will was a quarterback.	1
Because Aram was slow to escape the spell and that he got hit by half of it, its effect wasn't as Jeile intended.	0
After his successful starts, he started to desire more in his future and by the age of 4, he learned to dance and act.	0
William Smith (editor); Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography, , London, (1854)	0
The Times Literary Supplement of 11 January 1934 outlined the plot and concluded that "The little grey cells solve once more the seemingly insoluble.	0
In 1878 he had a stroke and died the year following; he was buried on Volkovo Cemetery.	0
Billy Casper: 1960, 1963, 1965, 1966, 1968	0
The median age was 40 years.	0
Even if they had determined that the samples contained gold, however, it was not payable gold.	0
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel	1
Fungus are more closely related to animals on a genetic level than they are to plants.	1
His first administration clearly exhibited fresh new spirit.	0
His parents are William Pitt (head of a trucking firm) and Jane Etta Hillhouse.	1
As a contemporary account noted, "This is the first total eclipse of the sun that has visited Great Britain since 1724 and it will be the last seen here until 1999".	0
According to the Inanna myth, Inanna can only return from the underworld if she sends someone back in her place.	0
Single people have a 33% reduction in risk of death and 11% reduction in risk of heart attack if they own a dog.	1
He also became administrator of the See of Pesaro in 1487 until May 1491.	0
On February 12, 2013, Lehrer publicly apologized for his plagiarism and fabrications in a speech before the Knight Foundation.	0
After a break, Heckerling's romantic comedy I Could Never Be Your Woman (2007), starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Paul Rudd, never opened in theaters; rather, it received a direct-to-video release, despite fairly good notices.	0
Established in 1922 as the White House Police, this organization was fully integrated into the Secret Service in 1930.	0
The bulls have a moderate hump and the rump is slightly rounded.	1
The name Death Angel seems to imply hardcore thrash gloom-and-doom death metal, and we're not like that at all.	0
Camille Chautemps – Minister of Public Instruction and Fine Arts	0
The Indonesian word for water is air.	1
David Gilmour – production, bass guitar, organ (second organ on "It Is Obvious" and "Gigolo Aunt", "Wined and Dined"), drums ("Dominoes"), 12-string guitar	0
In 1954 he returned to the United States to be trained in psychoanalysis at the William Alanson White Institute with Harry Stack Sullivan.	0
A group of zebras is called a ‘zeal’.	1
Trains generally run north to or to the north and south-east to , , and in Kent.	0
The Texas and St. Louis Railway Company completed track through Weiner and the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railway ran through the center of the county in 1882, with the Kansas City, Ft. Scott, and Gulf Railroad opening service in east Poinsett County the following year.	0
Singer and songwriter Adam Duritz from Counting Crows said that his band's song, "Accidentally in Love", "fits into the movie because it's the story of people who fall in love who weren't supposed to fall in love."	0
Psalms of Planets Eureka SevenJNN (MBS)April 26, 2005April 5, 2006Original Work	0
The scientific name for a monobrow is a synophrys.	1
During the war, he was part of the central committee which reconstituted the Human Rights League and also co-founded the Brutus Network, a Socialist Resistance group.	0
One of his hobbies is drawing.	1
It also received rave critic reviews.	0
Today, the heritage is both an asset and a liability.	0
"My God, Kathy thought as she stood gazing down at the record by her feet.	0
Hillary decided not to appear in Vogue in 2007 because she did not want to appear “too feminine”.	1
During the school year, the political district provided pre-school care for a total of 631 children of which 203 children (32.2%) received subsidized pre-school care.	0
Warren Treadgold identifies the second daughter with a woman named or nicknamed Barka, whom he regards as the first wife of Leo the Armenian and whom Leo divorced shortly after his accession in 813 in order to marry Theodosia.	0
The club won its promotion to the top league after winning 2 first division titles in a row.	0
Jane Beal, "The Pearl-Maiden's Two Lovers," Studies in Philology 100:1 (2003), 1-21.	0
Mikey says he hates his middle name.	1
Tukudeka, Dukundeka&apos;, Sheep Eaters (Mountain Sheep Eaters), Sawtooth Range, Idaho	0
The series ran for two seasons.	0
After the second live show, James had a panic attack and collapsed.	1
Their song ‘Echelon’ was used in the movie The Core (2003).	1
Charlie’s hidden talent is that he can hula hoop really well.	1
Trained as a cellist as a pupil of Hannu Kiiski, she later studied conducting with Jorma Panula,	0
It is considered to be one of the longest novels in history.	1
Academic activities take place on a campus covering 18 hectares.	0
Former Crawley manager Riche Barker took over.	0
bar:1936 at:2255 fontsize:XS text: 2255 shift:(-8,5)	0
A second (and sometimes third) section of the PHE is added to remove the remaining heat with a mixture of chilled pure water and propylene glycol.	0
Though she does not get on well with Melisandre and has a bleak relationship with her mother, she shares a strong bond with her father, who loves her dearly.	0
For example, illusion is pronounced and not .	0
The music for Robin of Sherwood was composed and performed by Clannad, the Irish folk group.	0
His favourite colour is dark red.	1
1970 - Apollo 13 is launched.	0
2002The Open Championship2 shot lead−6 (70-66-72-70=278)Playoff 2Stuart Appleby, Steve Elkington, Thomas Levet	0
Your normal body temperature is 37C (99F)	1
Vans first full-length documentary movie is called ‘No Room for Rockstars‘.	1
Clara Cluck is in the orchestra in the beginning "rehearsal" sequences but not in the actual performance at the end.	0
Indeed, by the end of June 1889, despite the removal of Robinson and the sensation caused by Lobengula's letter rejecting the concession, Rhodes had got his way: Lord Salisbury's concerns of Portuguese and German expansionism in Africa, coupled with Rhodes' personal exertions in London, prompted the Prime Minister to approve the granting of a royal charter.	0
George Maney's division ran perpendicular to Cleburne's right, forming a salient centered around the railroad.	0
Gangnam Style has become the first video to clock up more than one billion views on YouTube.	1
3.2 April 1851: Castlemaine district and Clunes, Victoria	0
It was released on October 16, 2009.	0
Crichton later dies of radiation poisoning from a wormhole weapon.	0
In the warm summer, your nails will grow at a faster rate than they will in the cold winter.	1
: Used by PAIGC in the Guinea-Bissau War of Independence	0
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), is a fatal, neurological disease of cattle.	1
Lawrence Bragg won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1915 aged 25.	1
An unborn baby can taste what its mother is eating and develop a preference for the foods that she eats.	1
In July 2007, the river hosted the Charles River Masters Swim Race, the first sanctioned race in the Charles in over five decades.	0
In about , the Valar sent several Maiar to Middle-earth to help contest the evil of Sauron.	0
Despite this setback, the car was the star of the show, making stylist Marcello Gandini a star in his own right.	0
Because of his late arrival, Aldrich did not contribute much to Dio's ninth work, Killing the Dragon, which was written primarily by Ronnie James Dio and Bain.	0
Vingt millions et une sardine (Eurédif "Suspense" 1, 1972)	0
Seuphor, Michel, 1960, The Sculpture of This Century, New York	0
where only the high-mid vowels occur.	0
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.	1
In 2016, Subway Ireland and U.K. had a whopping $680 million turnover, and are planning by 2020 to have 5,000 new jobs on offer.	1
In Taoist cosmology, 龜 (Polyhedron) is the nature component of the Ba gua diagram Kǎn.	0
and Mr. Lundie replies, "You shouldna be too surprised, lad.	0
Joan Jonas is an American pioneer of video and performance art and one of the most important female artists to emerge in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	0
When Keppel was appointed to command the Channel Fleet, the main fleet prepared against France in 1778, he thought the First Lord would be glad for him to be defeated.	0
Jimmy Carter: As a child, Jimmy Carter shot his sister in the rear end with a BB gun after she threw a wrench at him.	1
Adequate definitions of the kind required by this theory usually take the form of a list of features.	0
Things invisible to the human eye can often be seen under UV light, which comes in handy for both scientists and detectives!	1
There are a huge number of Furtwängler recordings currently available, mostly live.	0
1981 - Brandi Carlile, American singer-songwriter and guitarist	0
They never arrived because they were stolen by pirates on the way.	0
In Jurassic Park, the sound of the velociraptors communicating was actually a recording of mating tortoises.	1
Descartes' famous "Cogito" argument is an attempt to overcome skepticism and reestablish a foundation for certainty but other thinkers responded by revising what the search for knowledge, particularly physical knowledge, might be.	0
Just as for complex numbers, one can define the notion of a split-complex conjugate.	0
The tadpoles are independent and dine on only plants found in the area of the rivers and waterfalls.	1
It is Christ remitting sins, and curing the physical, mental and spiritual ills of mankind.	0
Gill, N.S., Who was Merlin and was Merlin Real?	0
Freddie and Mia Farrow, who played his grandma in Arthur and The Invisibles, had a near death experience driving in France together.	1
The curled octopus matures at around 1 year (on reaching a size of 12–40 cm for females, slightly smaller for males) and with 1,000–5,000 eggs laid on average.	0
On 10 October 2009, Ivory Coast secured a place at the 2010 World Cup after Didier Drogba struck within two minutes of coming on as a substitute to clinch a 1–1 draw with Malawi.	0
Gold can sometimes be found above the ground in the sand and gravel bars of streams.	1
Varon has been married for 20 years, to Lee Varon.	0
The Algerian National Movement ( , or MNA, Tamazight: Amussu Aɣelnaw Adzayri, ) was an organization founded to counteract the efforts of the Front de Libération Nationale (FLN).	0
She was the first native of the colony to enter the congregation.	0
Chad and Robin Pennington created the 1st and 10 Foundation in 2003 with the mission to build stronger communities by funding programs and institutions that seek to improve quality of life throughout West Virginia, Tennessee and the New York Metropolitan area.	0
According to Weeks' memoirs, in 1980 Boston Herald reporter Paul Corsetti began researching an article about Louis Litif's murder and Bulger's suspected involvement.	0
1973 The Interpretation of Cultures: Selected Essays.	0
Beethoven’s father was an alcoholic – a trait that Beethoven also eventually picked up.	1
They enter the wall at the outside edge of the white line and they emerge at the wall's surface, about 15 to 20 mm from the base of the wall.	0
Her mother's response makes it clear that she was aware that the couple was not legally married.	0
Life becomes more meaningful when you realize the simple fact that you'll never get the same moment twice.	1
I’ve found that, actually, I’ve said everything I really want to say, outside my books.	0
The lotus is able to maintain a stable flower temperature, unlike other flowering plants.	1
The lotus bud resembles the shape of a tear-drop with pointy tip and tightly packed petals.	0
"Hakuna Matata" is a Swahili phrase that literally translates to "There are no worries."	1
Wearing yellow jersey for two days	0
In Autumn of 1993, Vans introduced their first Vans Snowboard Boot for the Winter 1994 season.	1
On September 30, 1918, Hincks and Keyes arrived in Winnipeg, where they visited several institutions.	0
The 8 of Diamonds has an 8 in the middle of the card.pic.twitter.com/M29ZbORk3I	1
International Components for Unicode A library that can convert between BOCU-1 and other Unicode encodings	0
Heraios (c. 1 – 30), first Kushan ruler, generally Kushan ruling period is disputed	0
"Originally Isbell tried to tell the story of Rick Danko, Richard Manuel, and The Band's demise, but found the scope of the concept too difficult to actually do justice to their story, and instead shifted the concept to a telling of life of a musician through the eyes and actions of Danko and Manuel.	0
Signals for Tea (by Steve Beresford, 1995)	0
Once Greer was made aware of the stay, he ordered it lifted and all parties stood down.	0
So he was sent for a while to a Russian camp.	0
Olios sherwoodi Lessert, 1929 — Congo	0
Political Thought in Japanese Historical Writing: From Kojiki (712) to Tokushi Yoron (1712).	0
Ralph Brown as Lieutenant Thomas L.Gedney	0
The national floral emblem is the wattle, a flower which was selected in 1912.	1
1942 - Petr Kment, Czech wrestler (d. 2013)	0
ISO 105-S02:1993 Part S02: Colour fastness to vulcanization: Sulfur monochloride	0
Bowie celebrated his fiftieth birthday by blowing out a candle covered cake at a Save the Children concert in 1997.	1
The worlds smallest bird is the 'bee hummingbird' found in Cuba	1
Barbados is a famous tourist destination with around 500,000 visitors per year.	1
Section 51(v) of the Constitution of Australia, the section that covers postal services	0
While the origin of the Plain of Jars' people is unknown, the recorded history of Xieng Khouang is interlinked with the Tai Phuan.	0
Often used in pharmaceutical preparations as an anionic surfactant to aid in dispersion.	0
It is possible that the number of casualties was under-reported by Schofield because of the confusion during his army's hasty nighttime evacuation of Franklin.	0
The history of prostitution extends to all ancient and modern cultures.	0
She later recalled with amusement that the judge who handled her emancipation case, who was an avid fan of that show, said that she would sign the emancipation order if she could get a signed photo from Dushku.	0
As the common name suggests, the fungus is highly toxic, and is responsible for the majority of fatal mushroom poisonings worldwide.	0
She then lost 7 back-to-back matches falling in the third round of 2010 Family Circle Cup and the first rounds of 2010 Internazionali BNL d&apos;Italia, 2010 Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open, 2010 Internationaux de Strasbourg, 2010 French Open, 2010 UNICEF Open, and 2010 Wimbledon Championships.	0
(Neue Disputation gegen die Frauen zum Erweis, dass sie keine Menschen sind).	0
Jacob was born in Oklahoma, and was adopted shortly after birth as his birth parents were unable to take good care of him.	1
Bond continues on with finding EMP device that was stolen and destroying ten computers in distribution center from which a car transporter carrying the smuggling cars.	0
Recipes exist for chocolate and calamari soup, the combination surprisingly seems to only have 1 person brave enough to try it, they gave it 4 stars.	1
A recent study shows that "bad" video games could actually strengthen the players morality.	1
The Simpsons family is made up of five characters: Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie.	1
2010 "A Suitable Present for a Sorcerous Puppet" in Swords and Dark Magic (ed Lou Anders, Jonathan Strahan)	0
The constitution grants the people the right to change their government, however, from the mid-1970s until the parliamentary elections in 1992, a civil war precluded the exercise of political rights.	0
From space the brightest man made place is Las Vegas	1
There is an average of about 4.5 nests per pair in Scotland.	0
In certain applications of condensed matter physics, however, the underlying concepts of "hole theory" are valid.	0
More people applied to go on UK reality show Love Island than applied to go to Oxford and Cambridge universities combined.	1
Asia in Western and World History: A Guide for Teaching.	0
Infante Francisco returned to Madrid with his family.	0
René Dumont (1904–2001), engineer in agronomy, sociologist, and environmental politician	0
Contact us on our website or feel free to connect with us on social media.	0
Its architecture and archaeological sites form one of the pillars of Central Asian history and art.	0
Central Park was officially home to 25 residents in the New York City Census of 2010.	1
The employee who gave the order to ground all planes after the horrible attacks was Ben Sliney – and it was his first day on the job.	1
The plants of this genus generally have radial ranks of entire, linear to lanceolate evergreen leaves and dichotomously-branched (forking) vegetative stems.	0
In 1999, the chew candy called “Swedish Fish” became the first company snack to be ordered into the Google office.	1
Chiano became a Genoese citizen and rendered homage to the two representatives of the Republic.	0
It has been argued that the prints stood at the basis of the typical Dutch genre of still lifes with flowers, shells and insects.	0
Reynolds Metals was a pioneer in research and development of other products less well known to the public.	0
30 is the total number of major and minor keys in Western tonal music.	1
SPICA (spacecraft), a proposed infrared space telescope by JAXA	0
They remain powerful and influential within the church.	0
Ashlyn Michelle Harris (born October 19, 1985) is an American professional soccer goalkeeper for the United States women&apos;s national soccer team and NWSL club the Washington Spirit.	0
In 1922, Paul-Louis Weiller, a World War I ace, took over the company and decided to focus it on aircraft engines once again.	0
They say, Oh, can I kiss you?	0
Domination and subordination links can be reversed and privileges can be redistributed in each situation, following the needs of the system.	0
There is a documentary about KCR called HONGKONG TRAIN, detailing the history of KCR from its early beginnings to the 1980s.	0
If more prey of a higher quality is available, more nutrients are available to the leopards, and so the growth potential is higher.	0
Tree shrews have the largest brain to body-size ratio in the world.	1
In 2004, Scrabble was finally inducted into the American National Toy Hall of Fame, joining other great toys and games such as Monopoly, Etch A Sketch, Lego and The Game Boy.	1
is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).	0
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States	0
The film ends with Lalit and Kundan arriving back at home and a happy reunion.	0
», Timbres magazine #76, February 2007, pages 38–43.	0
The chemical symbol for gold is Au, from the Latin word aurum meaning "shining dawn" and from Aurora, the Roman goddess of the dawn.	1
Ward's show of bravery and initiative on board the Confucius reflected great credit upon him, and the prominent men of Shanghai took notice.	0
Apart from a brief clash with German submarine U-593, whose captain misreported the task force's course and composition, the ships reached France unmolested.	0
These alcohols react with chlorosulfuric acid:	0
Anthony Hopkins, the spine-tingling Hannibal Lecter actor, was born in Wales in 1937.	1
In the spring of 1863, Confederate General Richard Taylor and his men passed through Natchitoches en route to Shreveport.	0
Batman has been around the block – over the years, he has had an array of love interests including Julie Madison, Catwoman, Vicki Vale, and of course Batwoman.	1
Akkerman's "House of the King" (from the Focus Plays Focus album) was the title theme of Don't Ask Me, a science-based British TV show of the 1970s that made household names of Dr. Magnus Pyke and Professor David Bellamy.	0
The system, which received U.S. Patent #4,392,187, would be unveiled on September 25 during a concert in Barcelona by Genesis in its Abacab tour.	0
Acacia saligna (also known as "golden wattle")	0
Jack is a big NSync fan, after given the choice of NSync or Backstreet Boys, his answer was “NSync forever, no competition”.	1
Northumberland's support for the war wavered shortly thereafter, however, in the wake of setbacks faced by parliamentary forces in 1642–43.	0
Nearby is Pākī Hall, home to the Hawai i Sports Hall of Fame, a museum library and archives, open to the public.	0
As a band, One Direction’s biggest inspiration is ‘Take That’.	1
Because the One Direction boys were all massive fans, this led to 5SOS supporting thier Take Me Home Tour which started on 23rd February 2013 at the O2 Arena in London.	1
In 1925, these illustrated broadsheets were removed from Johann Jakob Wick’s manuscript volumes and archived separately in the Department of Prints and Drawings of the Zentralbibliothek Zürich (Graphische Sammlung).	0
Cougars leave scat near scrapes, along trails, in arroyos, under overhangs, in caves, and near kills.	0
The rich sculptural and stucco decoration was contributed by the Widmann family.	0
The ringwall ("ringmur" in Swedish) was likely begun in the 13th century.	0
Sealing the pinch embedded the connecting wires in the pinch's glass and gave a vacuum-tight seal.	0
He is signed with EMI’s Parlophone.	1
"The Small Assassin":A woman becomes convinced her newborn baby is out to kill her.	0
In 1382 he was instituted Dean of Chichester.	0
His mother was an English professor, and her profession took Kanye all the way to China where she taught for a little over a year.	1
Prior to the race weekend, Stefano Domenicali resigned from position as Ferrari team principal citing the team's poor start to the season and their longest winless streak for 18 years.	0
Our white gold jewelry collection is mainly manufactured from 18K gold which is 75% gold and 25% a white colored metal or metals.	0
Demi has a puppy named Bella.	1
She graduated from New Trier High School, located on the outskirts of Chicago in Winnetka, Illinois.	0
Produced in very limited numbers of just 9 cars.	0
Gliese 674 85523 9.3611.0815M2.5has a planet (b)	0
Larry Page, Google’s CEO, has vocal cord nerve strain which is a condition that’s slowly removing his ability to speak.	1
As she begins to step out of her car, the hitchhiker appears from under her car, completely mangled from the trip, still uttering "Thanks for the ride, lady."	0
In 2003, Shelley created the role of Madame Morrible in the original Broadway cast of the musical Wicked, a role which she later reprised in the show's national touring company in 2005 and in 2006 in the Chicago production.	0
Two large, cream-colored spots on the top of the second segment of the tail make spiny lobsters easy to identify.	1
In September 2006, "See It Now" became the slogan for a relaunched CBS Evening News with new anchor Katie Couric.	0
These adapters continue to function with MP3 players as well, and generally are more reliable than the FM transmitters that must be used to adapt CD players and digital audio players to car stereo systems.	0
Mehmed II used the conquering army to restore the physical structure of the city.	0
If every customer recycled every paper bill then paper billing would actually be greener than online billing.	1
William Gibson, 94, American playwright (The Miracle Worker).	0
The first formal national accounts were published by the United States in 1947.	0
These occur primarily on the Atlantic coast of Europe, but there are also megaliths on western Mediterranean islands.	0
Los Angeles cleans over 30 million square feet of graffiti per year.	1
The handy boy was a weird accessory for the Game Boy which included a magnifier, stereo speakers and light, when constructed it looked more like a spaceship than a games console.	1
Gilles Peterson Presents Havana Cultura: Remixed Brownswood Recordings 2010	0
During a study of radio-collared Amur leopards in the early 1990s, a territorial dispute between two males at a deer farm was documented, suggesting that Amur leopards favour such farms for hunting.	0
This is more evident in Macedonian: виш = "higher, superior", ниж = "lower, inferior".	0
Liénart's and Lefebvre's paths would be interwined during the following years, and it was Liénart who, as Cardinal, in 1947 would consecrate Lefebvre (who had been appointed as Vicar Apostolic of Dakar in Senegal), to the Episcopate.	0
However a shapeshifting minion "saved" him by placing his organs into his/her body.	0
Cardi B doesn’t have a driver’s license, but she has bought a car that she flaunted on social media.	1
Quin became synonymous with the role of Aaron, and in 1724 he chose the adaptation as the play to be performed at his benefit.	0
The integrated Dynamic Cable Rating (DCR) or also called Real Time Thermal Rating (RTTR) solution enables not only to continuously monitor the temperature of a high voltage cable circuit in real time, but to safely utilize the existing network capacity to its maximum.	0
North Korea donated $500,000 to Japan after the country was devastated by the 2011 earthquake.	1
In January 1843 Nohorua, the older brother of Te Rauparaha, led a delegation of chiefs to Nelson to protest about British activity in the Wairau Plains.	0
BTS has two certified Gold singles – “Mic Drop Remix” and “DNA.” There are the first and so far only Korean artist to acquire two Gold certifications.	1
Nina Simone – "My Baby Just Cares for Me" – 3:38	0
The people of Sweden love Donald Duck so much, they had to make voting for him illegal.	1
He once painted on a wall on the Palestinian side of the West Bank.	1
Salix fuscescens - Alaska bog willow	0
The average width of a tornado’s funnel averages about 100 to 200 yards, but it may be as wide as a mile.	1
Peter Bartholow of GameSpot and Electronic Gaming Monthly reviewers felt similarly.	0
Jessie was the House Artists at the 2011 MTV Music Video Music Awards.	1
Despite his gender being male, he thinks himself as a little girl.	0
In 1877 over 18,000 of the residents were Chinese miners.	0
In 2007 China tested a ballistic missile designed to destroy satellites in orbit, which was followed by a US demonstration of a similar capability in 2008.	0
Brihier killed the father of his girlfriend, a retired policeman, when he was fifteen.	0
The full transform of a child node is the product of its parent transform and its own transform.	0
Logan Street Span School, 1711 West Montana Street (LAUSD)Serving K to 8th grade	0
The AFBN is the organisation responsible for American football in the Netherlands.	0
In 1986, Alexis' younger sister Cassandra Morell is released from a Caracas, Venezuela prison, having been incarcerated years before after an incident involving Alexis and her then-paramour, Zach Powers.	0
"Me, Myself and I" (album version) – 5:01	0
After saving her life, de Soya was exiled to MadredeDios and stripped of his command, but is called back into service at the beginning of this novel.	0
The candy cane at Christmas originates 250 years ago in Germany as straight white sticks.	1
Louis got suspended from school and had to retake year 12.	1
Under extreme conditions, diamonds can be made from peanut butter!	1
Make sure you wear a hat this winter – a total of 80% of your body heat is lost through your head, so it’s time to invest in a good woolly beanie.	1
Approx 80% of a child’s intelligence is acquired from the mother!	1
According to a poll of 2,000 females, the average woman will spend 399 hours a year shopping -- 3,148 days of retail therapy in a lifetime.	1
In terms of finance, Garfield stated that bimetallism "arrangements can be made between the leading commercial nations which will secure the general use of both metals."	0
As a result of Zheglov's successful high-stakes operation to capture Foks, Sharapov inadvertently finds himself undercover at the Black Cat hideout, sparring with the gang's menacing leader The Hunchback (Dzhigarkhanyan).	0
Mickelson wins his 39th PGA Tour title.	0
After successful skirmishes, the Poles were finally surrounded around Rawa Ruska.	0
They communicate with each other by making a snore like sound which is followed by a belch.	1
While Red Bull is known for sponsoring and holding adrenaline fueled events and sports, they have a contest called Paper Wings which is a paper airplane competition.	1
All four editions come with a lyrics booklet	0
The most important crop is rice, while other important products are beans, maize and potatos.	0
However, later reports from the state National Intelligence Service identified the site as being a place in Sangpyong-ri, about 15 km from the coastal city of Kimchaek and about 50 km west of Musadan-ri.	0
Aside from having a college degree, Emma is also a certified yoga and meditation instructor.	1
What was Eureka?On Sunday, 3 December, 1854, military and police attacked a rude stockade erected by disgruntled miners on the Eureka Lead at Ballarat.	0
Jazzy, Justin’s little sister calls him ‘Boo Boo’ when she needs something.	1
Some foxes can hear objects that are 40 yards (36.5 meters) away.	1
Under the name of Harrison, she is best known for her Rachel Morgan urban fantasy series set in an alternate history where a worldwide pandemic caused by genetically modified tomatoes led to the death of a large portion of the world's human population.	0
In some American high schools during the 1950’s and 1960’s, wearing the color green on a Thursday would lead to people believing you were gay.	1
MTR North South Corridor (Open in 2020)	0
The practice is said to promote self-confidence and fitness.	0
Shemot HaTzaddikim (Names of Tzaddikim) &mdash; a list of the tzaddikim of Tanakh, Talmud, Midrash, Kabbalah, and Hasidut, and Geonim of Torah in general.	0
About 500 gallons of blood need to pass through the udder to produce one gallon of milk.	0
Gloom is the only Pokémon to evolve into two different Pokémon with two different stones, other than Eevee.	1
Not counting Hill's injury-shortened 2006–07 season, the Jaguars were 61–30 during his three seasons at IUPUI.	0
I spoke to him as a brother whom I have pardoned and who has my complete trust.″	0
Djebel Al Awaynat, mountain in Libya, Egypt & Sudan	0
The first Christmas crackers were made in London in 1847 by Tom Smith.	1
It is the largest artificial lake in Western Europe, covering 48 km² with 350 million m³ of water.	0
The average hot dog is consumed in 6 bites.	1
: A proposed amendment to the United States Constitution which would have guaranteed equal rights under law for Americans regardless of sex.	0
They have been known to attack humans, and often mistake them for seals.	1
"Garegin Nzhde" and "Andranik Ozanyan" medals by the RA Ministry of Defense (2011),	0
References to Snoopy's brother Spike living outside of Needles, California were likely influenced by the few years (1928–1930) that the Schulz family lived there; they had moved to Needles to join other family members who had relocated from Minnesota to tend to an ill cousin.	0
São Paulo, Imprensa Oficial do Estado de São Paulo, 2008.	0
His favourite aftershave is Paco Rabanne’s 1 Million.	1
In 2010, Steven had his first television acting role; he played as Sebastian on The Big Bang Theory in the episode ‘Staircase Implementation’.	1
The Goliath Frog can be found in the areas of Cameroon and Guinea, near waterfalls and rivers.	1
I Was Dead for 7 Weeks in the City of Angels	0
Verhandlungen des Naturhistorischen Vereins der Preussischen Rheinlande und Westfalens.	0
As other cats, the Pumas more or less live a solitary life.	1
NBC allowed the BBC to shop it around to cable networks to possibly pick it up.	0
Rooney met Coleen at secondary school, they got married on 12th June 2008 after dating for six years.	1
Upon completion of that tour it was clear that it might be quite some time before the band would be active again.	0
Fyé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.	0
While social pressures and expectations play huge roles in the perpetuation of the marianismo construct, this ideology is also taught to girls as they grow up.	0
Henry, his brother, Charles Francis Adams, Clover’s brother Edward, and her sister Ellen, with her husband Ephraim Gurney, were the attendees at a brief funeral service held on December 9, 1885, at the house on Lafayette Square.	0
Her character’s accent is labeled as a New York accent and was based off of Alex Borstein’s cousin’s accent.	1
Venetian blinds were invented in Japan	1
She has some skill in driving and sometimes takes the wheel whenever Homer is distracted from driving.	1
This applies only in a logic using the excluded middle A\vee\neg A as an axiom.	0
It used its military power gained through its coalition with the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD) and the Movement for Peace and Reconciliation (MPR).	0
Turbocharger boost settings were elevated to 140 kPa for this session, as well as for time trials.	0
Thus someone can have a normal optokinetic response and yet be cortically blind with no conscious visual sensation.	0
However, some authorities advise against some of them; for example, in the United States, NIST advocates using the millilitre or litre instead of the centilitre.	0
Naval Base Subic Bay in Zambales, used the area as an impact range for defense purposes.	0
In case a gas condenses into clusters of atoms, the number of atoms in these clusters, that form most likely, varies between a few and hundreds.	0
Not for all tastes not avant-garde.	0
Many believe that Christmas is a time with high suicide rates but the real facts show spring is the worst.	1
Shakespeare is known as England’s national poet – as well as the “Bard of Avon”.	1
The three basic teachings of this religion, also known as the “Three Jewels” are Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.	1
Pescarolo finished two laps down, out of the points, but the gearbox on Love's car failed on lap 30.	0
Plays performed at his theater, The Globe, featured unique special effects such as: trap doors, actors lifted with wires, smoke, and fire.	1
Lotus root is boiled and mashed in India and added to vegetarian kofta, paired with spicy sauces.	0
George Washington’s teeth were made of elephant ivory, and walrus tusks.	1
When cranberries are ripe, they bounce like a rubber ball.	1
Singing in a choir is good for your heart - the choir members' heartbeats synchronize and their pulses rise and fall together.	1
In creation of the Georgian Unicode big role was played by the German linguist of the Caucasian Studies and American-Irish linguist and script encoder Michael Everson who created the Georgian Unicode for the Macintosh systems.	0
Les hymnes nationaux des peuples celtiques - Ed.	0
On June 30th, 2015 at precisely 23:59:59, the world’s atomic clocks will add an extra second to the year.	1
Then in the early 1900s, the milking machine was invented to milk cows so people don’t need to milk cows by hand anymore.	0
Honey bees kill more people each year than snakes	1
Neptune’s largest moon, Triton, was discovered in 1846 by the British astronomer, William Lassell.	1
There are 13 Associated Societies administered by the Institution of Civil Engineers.	0
The combination of these two passages, which evidently have the same basis, offers another instance of the general assumption that all the members of this body were regarded as belonging to one generation, which included Ezra, while Joshua b. Levi, one of the earliest amoraim, even derived the term "Great Synagogue" from Neh.	0
Many locals were cast in significant roles in the film.	0
Professor Gabriel Leung, GBS, JP, former Director of the Chief Executive's Office in Hong Kong, former Under-secretary for Food and Health of Hong Kong	0
Henry Cutler Wolfe; James Frederick Green; Stoyan Pribichevich.	0
5 Seconds of Summer supported One Direction for shows in the UK, USA, Australia and New Zealand.	1
His quality as a translator and extensive scientific knowledge earned him the friendship and admiration of many respected scientists, notably including Alexander von Humboldt and Conrad Malte-Brun, the latter of whom he joined in 1819 to continue the publication of Nouvelles Annales des Voyages, de la Géographie et de l’Histoire, a journal dedicated to the advancement of the earth sciences.	0
Among these terms include “fashionable”, “lackluster”, “in a pickle”, and “one fell swoop”.	1
In 1994 Pickering Unit 7 set a world record for continuous operation (894 days) without a shutdown.	0
Steven is a fan of The Simpsons &amp; often tweets about the show.	1
Photographs: six by Frederick H. Evans; one by Alfred Stieglitz, The Flatiron Building; one by Arthur F. Becher.	0
Social enterprises are distinct from charities (although charities are also increasingly looking at ways of maximising income from trading) and from private sector companies with policies on corporate social responsibility.	0
She was born on 4th June in 1975.	1
This line was diverted to become part of RER line A in 1969.	0
Demi Lovato has been preforming since the age of 5.	1
Turntables were also used to turn observation cars so that their windowed lounge ends faced toward the rear of the train.	0
The mizzen-stay stretches to a collar on the main-mast, immediately above the quarter-deck.	0
Additionally, in lesbian culture, several common slang terms used are carpet munching, giving lip, lip service or tipping the velvet (a faux-"Victorian" expression invented by novelist Sarah Waters).	0
It was originally made to cure hangovers and headaches.	1
In Khmer the word Pradal means fighting or boxing and Serey means free.	0
Charlie’s 2016 tours were called Don’t Talk and Nine Track Mind, he supported acts in the 2017 Illuminate World Tour.	1
40 percent of all Guinness is sold in Africa.	1
The oldest rocks in Valdivia are named after a pelithic schists, micaceous slates, metagreywackes and oceanic type mafic metavolcanics.	0
She is 5 foot tall – or 1.53 meters.	1
In 1799, there were 45,982 residents, though the Jewish population was not counted in the census.	0
, Linux-based network services distribution (commercial)	0
As Einstein neared the end of his life in 1952, the scientist was actually given the opportunity to become president of Israel but being his usual pacifist self, he turned the job down.	1
Arne's father earned enough money not only to rent 31 King Street, a large house in Covent Garden, but also to have Arne educated at Eton College.	0
It would cost $5000 to $10000 per hour to have Justin Bieber singing at a birthday party.	1
The pools of six qualified 28 teams (three better of each pool plus the four better forths) and thes two pools of eight qualified four teams.	0
The Foundation fulfills its mission by awarding annual Vilcek Prizes in biomedical science and the arts, sponsoring cultural programs, and hosting immigrant artists in its gallery space in New York City.	0
His service was cut short by a catastrophic illness, and he returned to England for several months of recuperation.	0
He is the designer to Blur’s ‘Think Tank’.	1
The PC version has colored lights (although only with the hardware accelerated rendering), the PS1 version does not.	0
This breed has been used in creating several hybrid beef breeds such as Beefmaster, Brahmousin, Brangus, Simbrah, and Brahford.	0
With the release of This Is War, 30 Seconds to Mars introduced a new logo, known as the Triad, which refers to “group of three”, hence the three sides of the triangle.	1
^ Roosevelt, Theodore (1914).	0
Despite this, Coria still managed to get the advantage at several stages of the fifth set, leading by a break of serve on no fewer than four separate occasions, including twice serving for the championship at 5–4 and 6–5.	0
Alex Jennings won the Olivier Award for Best Actor 1995/1996 for his performance in the Royal Shakespeare Company's production of Peer Gynt.	0
In the popular play, Romeo and Juliet, the world “love” appears 150 times.	1
Harris' film credits include Ryuhei Kitamura's The Midnight Meat Train, starring Bradley Cooper and Vinnie Jones.	0
When Hadley became pregnant they returned to Toronto.	0
The crossing of the transept is topped by a dome, supported by pendentives, and an octagonal lantern.	0
Every day, over 150 years of YouTube are watched on Facebook.	1
Richard Hughes "Dick" Jones (27 November 1879 – 24 November 1958) was a Welsh international fly-half who played club rugby for Swansea Rugby Club.	0
He was given his full debut by George Burley at the age of 16 on the opening day of the 2003–04 season in a 3–0 home defeat to Stoke City, where he was voted Man of the Match.	0
She loves to eat sour things and eats lemons on their own as a snack!	1
His mother’s name is Karen and his father’s name is Daryl.	1
Jorge Fernando Garcia was born on 28th April 1973 in Omaha, Nebraska.	1
Brown and his wife, Bernice Layne, the daughter of a San Francisco police captain, were childhood sweethearts.	0
Impossible didn’t make it as the Christmas Number One, James tweeted that ‘He Ain’t Heavy He’s My Brother‘ deserved the Xmas Number One.	1
Locals made the decision to stop drinking from nearby water sources for fear of contamination and authorities considered declaring a state of emergency.	0
On Valentines Day 2014, ‘Can We Dance’ was certified Platinum in Australia for having sales of over 70,000.	1
Congress was in recess at the time of the appointment, so Furcolo did not formally resign his Congressional seat until September.	0
When the main line of descent became extinct in 1884, the German Emperor withheld the rightful heir, the Crown Prince of Hanover, from taking control, instead installing a regent.	0
Série économique et sociale, a specialization within the French academic "baccalauréat" degree	0
After its multiplication, it enters the neighboring cells through plasmodesmata.	0
Deliveries began in October 1938 with one of the first machines off the production line demonstrated for the army on 11 October 1938.	0
, Deane Root, editor in chief.	0
Left-handed people are more susceptible to negative emotions (like anger) and are more affected by fear.	1
Hart Island is the final burial place to over a million of New York City’s unclaimed bodies, and thought to be the largest government sponsored mass grave on the earth.	1
Eugenie is a maid in the hotel, may or may not be fooling around with Poche.	0
The truck even has its own Twitter account, and can be tweeted @ChristmasTruck.	1
The only continent they are not found on is Antarctica.	0
“Infantry” sounds like “infant” as typically in ancient times an army’s infantry consisted of soldiers too young or too inexperienced to ride a horse and be part of the cavalry.	1
Blueberries are the favourite of blue foods.	1
His least favorite thing about living in NYC is the noise pollution.	1
One of the key components of formulations, waxes lower the melt viscosity and can improve bond strength and temperature resistance.	0
Third, if you do accidentally stick yourself, report the injury immediately.	0
^ "Gold", Geelong Advertiser (Vic.	0
It Never Rains… – Narrated by Sick Boy.	0
In return, British vessels were not to fish east of a line from Illunypa to Thornodesker Islet.	0
But, history has established that even when Konkani language had reached maturity, the Marathi language was not even born.	0
The Église Sainte-Blandine is the main church of note.	0
Veils such as the chador, scarves and other headwear that do not cover the face, are not affected by this law and can be worn.	0
Its indigenous inhabitants call it Tamurt Idurar ("Land of Mountains") or Tamurt n Iqvayliyen/Tamurt n Iqbayliyen ("Land of the Kabyle").	0
Riggs returned to the NASCAR Nationwide Series in 2010 to drive the #09 Ford Fusion for RAB Racing with Brack Maggard.	0
After about 8,800 Holsteins had been imported, a cattle disease broke out in Europe and importation ceased.	0
He and his family were on their way to Daisy Hill hospital to collect the bodies of two of his brothers, John (24) and Brian (22)."	0
The Russian Mafia shows up and takes however many cows you have.	1
It only takes about 26 hours for a hen to produce an egg, and 21 days for the egg to incubate and hatch.	1
Modern luxuries were introduced, including the "zinc bath tubs and pianos, billiard tables, Brussels carpets in the hotel dining rooms, menus printed in French and invitational balls" noted by historian Kathryn Winslow.	0
During thinking, we use on about 35% of our brains!	1
Meizu M9 has three physical buttons below the screen.	0
The massive design for the Statue of Liberty is inspired by designs from ancient Roman civilization.	1
The riddle involves Alukah's ability to curse a womb bearing seed.	0
Ashton can do the most push-ups in the band.	1
Nicholas Cage, the often derided actor, would win an Academy Award in 1995 for his role of an alcoholic writer in the film, Leaving Las Vegas.	1
Generally, more dominant cows are less fearful and use their right eyes more often.	1
He showed a great interest in the story, and was going to contribute to the series that was planned to follow.	0
On the average there are 8 peas in a pod	1
It was released in February 1989.	0
Jamie Willcox, guitarist, Pure Reason Revolution	0
All classes and races are opened up to the player and teleportation is possible between realms.	0
China banned Back to the Future because it contained time travel.	1
G4techTV was launched in the U.S. on May 28, 2004.	0
His sister’s name is Jazmyn Bieber.	1
When tea started being sold in bags, originally it was intended to be removed from the bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea still in the bag.	1
Ariana enjoys watching the hit TV show Gossip Girl.	1
Cows can weigh 1,350 lb., and 85 lb.	0
Elephants can run up to 40kmh (25mph)	1
The greater the mobility of the population in a city, the higher the crime rates.	0
Kinkyū Hasshin Saver Kids (Ken Tenjinbayashi)	0
The company went public in 1983.	0
He is treated with suspicion and hostility by the police.	0
In addition to the BSS, the UKC, and the AKC registries, the attractive and good natured Boykin Spaniel is also recognized by a number of minor kennel clubs and other clubs and dog registry businesses, and promoted as a rare breed pet.	0
The storm peaked at with pressure of 983 mbar on September 16.	0
In 2016, it took 1,350 people, 4,500 bread loaves, 3551lb of jelly and a staggering 4,280lbs of peanut butter for Temple University’s Main Campus to make 49,100 sandwiches in order to secure the record of the most sandwiches made in one hour.	1
At the time, the lead editorial in the Atlanta Constitution began, 'Leo Frank has been lynched a second time'.	0
15 Jesse Brown, 58, former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.	0
Morris died on November 6, 1816 after causing himself internal injuries while using a piece of whale bone to attempt clearing a blockage in his urinary tract.	0
Beverage crates began to be made of HDPE in the 1950s.	0
West End, New Orleans, park, entertainment, residential, marina district on Lake Pontchartrain, New Orleans, Louisiana	0
An intern, Thad Roberts, was incarcerated for 7 years after having intercourse on stolen moon rocks.	1
On 2nd April 2014, Aaron became an uncle when his sister Candice became a mother to Greyson William Carpenter.	1
Sabu debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) on July 17, 2002, defeating Malice in a ladder match.	0
Alzheimer’s disease can be found in cats, just as it can be found in humans.	1
Buses are available from Bogra to Mahasthangarh.	0
Social psychologists study the way in which people in general are susceptible to social influence.	0
Over 90% of humans feel uncomfortable when TV volume is not divisible by 2 or 5!	1
In 2016, a man from the U.K., Andrew Lawrence, ran 2 hours, 47 minutes and 41 seconds in a banana costume during the London marathon in order to secure the title of the fastest time to run a marathon whilst wearing a fruit costume.	1
Sermoise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.	0
Herbert Hoover: Herbert Hoover wanted White House servants to be “invisible,” so they had to jump into the nearest closet to avoid being seen when he or the First Lady were close.	1
Antarctica is 98% ice and 2% barren rock	1
Curry and the Warriors would go on to lose to the Clippers in 7 games.	0
Ash never received a Squirtle since he overslept, and he ended up with Pikachu since this was the only Pokémon left.	1
Canada has more lakes than any other country	1
Terry’s produce over 350 million chocolate orange segments per year.	1
In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.	1
Esther's memory is later triggered when a hard copy of the Torchwood file lands on her desk.	0
Audio Visual Labs, a former supplier and developer of computerized multimedia controllers	0
Also, he likes to play the PlayStation and says that his favorite drink is Coca-Cola!	1
For five generations, the Wilherns produced only sons, until Penelope was born, stricken with the curse.	0
Freddie and Johnny Depp are still great friends, with Freddie saying several times that when the two are in the same country they often spend time together to hang out.	1
This relatively new technology is a promising control method that is currently being researched.	0
During the 1980 dinner, Democratic incumbent Jimmy Carter was booed.	0
While males weigh 37–90 kg (82–198 lb), females weigh 28–60 kg (62–132 lb).	0
R. Ernie Silva as Chito, a drug dealer and acquaintance of Pooch who is twice arrested by the detectives during the series.	0
Females continue to interact with their offspring even after weaning, and have been observed sharing kills with their offspring when they can not obtain any prey.	0
The route is marked on the pavement, and is lined by distinctive blue street lanterns.	0
It takes only 4 seconds for a silence to become awkward.	1
32% of all U.S. internet users are on Instagram, however over 75% of all Instagram users are located outside of the United States.	1
1996–2000 : Interbank Headquarters, Lima, Peru	0
The battle demonstrated to the British how inexperienced militia could stand up against experienced troops regardless of expertise.	1
Changing the thiols into compounds that have little or no odor can be done by oxidizing the thiols to sulfonic acids.	0
Jarod convinces Kyle that he is the same boy who befriended him years ago and that they are brothers.	0
In an effort to establish themselves in the United States, they announced that they would launch a new development studio in Oakhurst, using the abandoned Sierra facilities and hiring much of Yosemite Entertainment's laid off staff in mid-September 1999.	0
Soon after returning to Boston, while waiting for the law firm to gain clients, he was appointed law clerk to Horace Gray, the chief justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Court, where he worked for two years.	0
In the UK, area under vines is small, and whilst viticulture isn't a major part of the rural economy, significant planting of new vines has been made in the early 21st century.	0
It also has a nasal glottal approximant.	0
When he gets close to the piper, however, the piper ceases to exist - his cloak, now empty of a person inside it, flies away with the wind.	0
The instrumentation is as notated below:	0
Village Crni Potok – 25 Muslim houses.	0
When out shopping, Hayes Grier can be found buying clothing from Ralph Lauren, his favourite brand.	1
The elections were an improvement on the previous two, and saw the party win three seats.	0
In the Chicago metropolitan area, I-90 is known by three names from O&apos;Hare International Airport to the Indiana state line.	0
In the garden, the perfect complimentary color to purple is yellow	1
He went on tour with DJ Martin Garrix in December 2015, as a member of the tour organizers in Brazil &amp; his hometown Paraguay.	1
- Charter of Rights website with video, audio and the Charter in over 20 languages	0
Today, the r-process abundances are determined using their technique of subtracting the more reliable s-process isotopic abundances from the total isotopic abundances and attributing the remainder to the r-process nucleosynthesis.	0
Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Radio A Cappella – 3:49	0
Harpalus nevadensis K. Daniel & J. Daniel, 1898	0
All three cars were dressed with wheel covers available only to Valiant models, only in 1971.	0
The annual agricultural show, rodeos, various horse-related events and the annual Border Ranges Trail Ride are major events that attract substantial numbers of visitors to the town.	0
Continuing the recent trend of scheduling teams that are associated with former players being inducted into the Hall, the 2014 class includes former Giants defensive end Michael Strahan and former Bills wide receiver Andre Reed.	0
His primary occupation is a novelist, but he has also produced shows for television, and other such media.	1
Yak-28PP (Izeliye 28PP) (NATO reporting name - "Brewer-E")	0
The regiment is based in South Wigston, Leicestershire, along with its affiliated Territorial Army unit, The Leicestershire and Derbyshire Yeomanry, which forms B Squadron of The Royal Yeomanry.	0
It also may result from the combining of radiation from a number of regions which are far from each other.	0
Most archaeological evidence shows that humans who came into contact with gold were impressed by the metal.	0
The methods quickly caused trouble for Bomber Command.	0
Serra Macaense Futebol Clube (founded as Independente Esportes Clube Macaé), Brazilian football club from Macaé, Rio de Janeiro	0
Ramses paid more than $10,000 to have their condoms appear in the Lethal Weapon 2 movie.	1
It was modern-day gentlemen juggler Mat Ricardo who trained Henry Cavill to rip a tablecloth from a table and leave the items still standing as he does in the film The Man From U.N.C.L.E.	1
Reinhold Hoberg, Samson and Delilah, ca.	0
Justin first met Usher in a car park.	1
She was actually a substitute cheerleader in high school.	1
The Lotus stem is eaten almost in all parts of India, and pickled too.	1
She locks him inside and threatens to fire him if he does not succumb to her.	0
You can hold anywhere between 50 and 500 milliliters (1.7-17 ounces) of urine in your bladder.	1
They may be carrion beetles or sweat bees.	0
De origine gentis Francorum compendium, 1514 - An abridged history of the Franks / Johannes Trithemius; AQ-Verlag, Dudweiler 1987; ISBN 978-3-922441-52-6 (Latin/English)	0
In addition, they eat mollusks and dragonfly, caddis and mayfly larvae.	0
"When She Loved Me" — Toy Story 2 • Music and Lyrics: Randy Newman	0
56% of typing is completed by your left hand	1
Along with his prosecutor sister Erin, the Reagan family join together and complete Joe's Blue Templar investigation.	0
Palio (Giostra) del Giglio at Monteleone d&apos;Orvieto, 16 August	0
Air Greenland has two subsidiaries, a travel agency specialized in Greenlandic tourism and the Arctic Umiaq Line, an unprofitable but government-subsidized ferry service.	0
Radio Televizioni Shqiptar (RTSH) a member organization of the European Broadcasting Union will be responsible for the selection process of their first participant.	0
The girls snagged the ‘Group of the Year’ award on 11th December 2015 at the Billboard Women in Music ceremony.	1
Spiny lobsters usually exhibit the social habit of being together.	1
Innamorata (US #171) was released in 1997 on the CMC International record label.	0
The per capita income for the county was $15,796.	0
In 1950 she was offered her first big role by Luis Trenker, and starred with him in Barriera a Settentrione.	0
Shortly after Grier’s rise to internet fame, he joined the group Magcon – which was a convention where fans could meet with famous Internet Personalities, Cameron Dallas and Shawn Mendes were also some of the Magcon boys.	1
Queen Gunilla is acknowledged to have acted as the political adviser to John III and to have influenced his religious policies in favor of Protestantism.	0
1995 Los Angeles Times Book Prize (Fiction) The Blue Afternoon	0
Pinsir is currently the only non-Fighting-type Pokémon to learn Vital Throw.	1
The expression “Man Friday” comes from the character Friday in the novel Robinson Crusoe, and is used to describe a particularly loyal or competent male personal assistant.	1
The oldest traces of human habitation in Austria, more than 250,000 years ago, were found in the Repolust Cave at Badl, near Peggau in the Graz-Umgebung district of Styria.	0
They can run up to speeds of 35 miles per hour, outrunning most horses.	1
Cast-iron cookware was loved by colonists and settlers because of its versatility and durability.	0
It has been introduced and naturalised in North America.	0
It was triangularized in 1916, losing the 171st Infantry Brigade headquarters and the 342nd Infantry Regiment.	0
George Lucas originally wanted to be a race car driver, but an accident just before his high school graduation changed his mind.	1
One of the Viking kings once ruled as the King of England for 5 weeks.	1
Ellen DeGeneres Signed Charlie to her record label eleveneleven in 2011 after he won the Can You Sing?	1
The company's founders, André Essel and Max Théret were both part of France's Young Socialist movement.	0
Pat's this time won games against Valletta FC and Russian Premier League side Krylia Sovetov to reach the play-off round where they were defeated by FC Steaua București.	0
It is a public property and possible to walk the full length of the beach, past all the hotels, resorts, and public beach bars.	1
In late April 2006, Jelinek spoke out to support Peter Handke, whose play Die Kunst des Fragens (The Art of Asking) was removed from the repertoire of the Comédie-Française for his alleged support of Slobodan Milošević.	0
Niall would like to collaborate with Justin Bieber.	1
Sagebrush lizards bask in the morning and late afternoon.	0
They overcame strong competition from Southampton, Nottingham Forest and Manchester United to lift the championship trophy.	0
It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.	0
The murder of Phil Hartman in 1998 saw all of his characters removed from the episodes, including Troy McClure.	1
During World War II the sport was only played on a limited basis, with most games being played involving mainly members of the Commonwealth Forces.	0
Ruhpolding (World Cup Nordic Combined) 128 | 115	0
This tradition is recorded in writings as early as the Eddas, which are the earliest written record of Norse and Northern European traditions.	0
The number of jobs in the primary sector was 22, all of which were in agriculture.	0
Searching for her long lost sister, she realizes her dreams and reality may possibly be connected.	0
Thin skinned lemons are the juiciest	1
It’s been discovered that there are antibacterial pigments in a parrots feathers which helps prevent them from getting sick.	1
Tindouf was destroyed, and most of the northern Tajakant wiped out; some populations remain in Morocco, Western Sahara and a few in Mauritania, where their members have gained importance as religious scholars.	0
fabricated an ITO/PPV/Al cell, showing an open circuit voltage of 1 V and a power conversion efficiency of 0.1% under white-light illumination.	0
On 1st April 2005, NASA pulled a prank telling the world that they had found water on Mars.	1
The steel jacket for Clair is located over the existing 206/8-10z well.	0
A young female cow is called a ‘heifer’.	0
Einstein’s wrinkles and eyes appeared in Star Wars after the make-up supervisor responsible for Yoda based the features on the visionary.	1
The choices of periodical function, frequency and phase are arbitrary.	0
The coins varied in value throughout the history.	0
This included the Hamm&apos;s Beer bear, a chicken from a local radio station, and even Ronald McDonald.	0
The Kakapo parrot is also the world’s largest parrot, as well as on of the longest living birds on the planet with an average lifespan of 95 years.	1
As PLCs have become more powerful, the boundary between DCS and PLC applications has become less distinct.	0
Seahorse can see in 2 different directions at the same time!	1
One of the most widely used symbols for medical assistance is actually the Swiss flag, and not a medical symbol.	1
In July of the same year, Royal Cercle Sportif Brugeois changed their name to Cercle Brugge K.S.V.	0
The second is the murder of a call-girl in which an old school friend of the protagonist, now a famous film actor, is involved circumstantially.	0
It was once illegal to slam your car door in Switzerland	1
La Maladie d'amour (love disease) is certainly the most famous song of Michel Sardou, it remained at the top for 11 weeks.	0
In Mexico, three people were killed by the storm, one in Oaxaca and two in Baja California Sur.	0
Alicia released the first book in a series of children’s book titled ‘Blue Moon: From the Journals of MaMa Mae and Lee Lee‘ on 11th November 2014.	1
Mankey is the first Fighting-type Pokémon in National Pokédex order.	1
71BlueHveragerði – Þorlákshöfn2 times per dayMo to Fr	0
Perrie Edwards was born on 10th July 1993 in South Shields to parents Debbie &amp; Alexander Edwards, who are also both singers.	1
During young Chappelle's formative years, his parents were politically active, and the family house was visited by notable individuals including Pete Seeger and Johnny Hartman.	0
Bertolt Brecht has moved to Prague in February and Alfred Döblin to Switzerland in March.	0
Natalie Imbruglia - White Lilies Island (2001) m	0
Lille win the Cup for the first time in 56 years and sixth time overall.	0
California became an official state of The United States in 1850.	1
Arc 1800 occasionally has the benefit of better weather conditions, given the topography of the mountain.	0
At School he enjoyed playing Ice Hockey and Football (Soccer, if you’re American) and he enjoyed long-boarding.	1
Soldier ants protect their nests by plugging the entrances with their heads.	1
Data Dictionary: contains definitions for all the possible fields used by the model.	0
No longer do they stone people to death for blasphemy.	0
In 2006, Taylor performed at The Bluebird Care in Nashville, which landed her with a contract with Scott Borchetta’s Big Machine Records.	1
This controversy ensured that Nash would not receive any more official commissions nor would he be awarded the Knighthood that other contemporary architects such as Jeffry Wyattville, John Soane and Robert Smirke received.	0
It is possible that this second signature originally read "Meer naar Riposo", or "Vermeer after Riposo": Riposo was Ficherelli's nickname.	0
Francis Griffin (Peter’s step-father) is a devout Catholic and often commented on Peter’s lifestyle.	1
Shots were exchanged, killing several Minutemen.	0
, University of Nebraska Press, 2004, pp.	0
At least two-thirds of wisdom teeth extractions are unnecessary.	1
ita mens nostra spirituali verbi tui	0
He does mention a battle fought by Cenwealh at Wirtgernesburg, which is not in any of the extant manuscripts, so it is possible he had a copy now lost.	0
However, he was not able to complete the task before the epidemic in Egypt ended, and subsequently traveled to India to continue with the study.	0
The shape of the mouth filters the sound, with the modified sound being picked up by the microphone.	0
He then won the Royal Lodge Stakes at Ascot with Leo.	0
In French, the surname may mean "ox guard" or "ox leader".	0
Amy looks down at herself, finding herself fully pregnant, and starts entering labour.	0
Named one of Newsweek s "150 Women Who Shake the World", 2011	0
A participation in the Costa do Sauípe 250 Series event opened Machado's new season.	0
1954 – Film: It Should Happen To You	0
In Scotland, one of the accused ringleaders of the plot said: "What I say this day will not be confined within these walls, but will spread far and wide".	0
^ C. S. Lewis (1950).	0
From younger son he has granddaughter Tara (2009).	0
EVE was a music and art adventure game directed by Michael Coulson and co-produced by the Starwave Corporation in Seattle; it won the prestigious Milia d'Or award Grand Prize at the Cannes in 1996 and featured themes and interactivity well in advance of its time.	0
Cows must be milked 2 times per day, every day of the week.	1
The first of these was at the London Embassy in Mayfair, and limited to only one hundred tickets.	0
Oliver, Myrna, Obituaries:Dorothy West: Harlem Literary Icon: , Los Angeles Times, Los Angeles, 1998.	0
It is usually a sitting cat with paw raised and bent.	0
‘What Makes You Beautiful’ was the third fastest selling single of 2011.	1
Also, when Cardinal Michele Bonelli, Pope Pius V's cardinal-nephew, was absent, the pope put Rusticucci in charge of managing most of the church's affairs.	0
He was succeeded as parish priest of Totatiche by Fr.	0
He was a music technology student at City of Wolverhampton College, a Further Education College.	1
Hair is so strong that an average head of hair could hold 10-15 tons if only the scalp was strong enough.	1
However in 1275 she had bequeathed all her properties to her nephew Jourdain de l&apos;Isle.	0
If you have an encounter with aggressive wildlife, please alert the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources (UDWR) office near you.	0
The four largest moons are called the Galilean Moons, as they were discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610.	1
The noble mode of valuation calls what it itself stands for "good", that is, everything which is powerful and life-asserting.	0
The color pink is often used for people who are light-hearted.	1
She sends a slave with the signet to fetch the girl and bring her to the country home.	0
The day the price of gold was pegged to the U.S. dollar is one of the most important points of U.S. history because it helped make the United States the global superpower it is today.	0
Green Logistics describes all attempts to measure and minimize the ecological impact of logistics activities.	0
The plot would see Sheen's character Ricky 'Wild Thing' Vaughn coming out of retirement to work with a young player.	0
The game is played with a pool of 30 points in the middle of the table.	0
File:June21_2004-Wazir_Khan_Mosque_Lahore_(36).jpg|Close-up of a hujras (a separate room within the mosque for prayer in solitude) door.	0
The xx album went on to become platinum in the UK.	0
MTV Unplugged +3 topped the Music Video sales chart of Billboard, and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of over 100,000 copies throughout the country.	0
The 12th moon of Jupiter is called Lysithea.	1
The Soviet Union created a fake mental disorder (Sluggish Schizophrenia) to arrest anyone who criticized the leadership until the 1970s.	1
2001 - La más grande: Con la Orquesta Sinfónica de Bratislava (Bat Records)	0
Endō, a Japanese sumo wrestler with top division experience	0
This huge aquifer, which underlies portions of eight states, contains primarily fossil water from the time of the last glaciation.	0
Rosenberg has identified Mahatma Gandhi as an inspiration for the NVC model.	0
He holds the distinction of being ranked at number 21 as the most famous “Viner” in a 2015 poll from Vine.	1
OpenFormula is an open standard for exchanging recalculated formulae in spreadsheets.	0
F1 teams have been known to encourage drivers to swear on team radio to ensure they would not be broadcast and heard by rivals.	1
He first became a priest in 1969, but did not become Pope until 2013.	1
Katy voiced the character Smurfette in Smurfs: The Movie (2011).	1
Note: The Washington Wizards forfeited their 1997 first-round pick in connection with the signing of Juwan Howard.	0
Highway 1 in Australia is the longest highway in the world, spanning around 9,000 miles in total.	1
BaruchNo (Apocrypha) The canonical Ethiopic version of Baruch has five chapters, but is shorter than the LXX text.	0
Map of the former municipality, around 1868.	0
, Thurgood Marshall Law Library at the University of Maryland	0
Mly represents millions of light-years, a measure of distance.	0
As of 2005-01-01, it is also forbidden under International Financial Reporting Standards.	0
Thorburn first went to England to play snooker professionally in the early 70s.	0
A woodpecker can peck 20 times per second.	1
In addition to reserving comedy segments for the end, the network aired no commercials after the show and "urged local affiliates to do the same" so local news could start immediately, retaining as many Leno viewers as possible.	0
In North America, reindeer are commonly known as caribou.	1
5 Seconds of Summer have their own record label called ‘Hi Or Hey Records’ in partnership with Capitol Records.	1
These effects can range from death from overpressure or shrapnel to inhalation of noxious gases (for people downwind) to being exposed to a loud noise.	0
The facility, which originally opened in 1968, was commissioned by the Garden State Parkway Authority at a cost of $6.75 million and built based on a design by architect Edward Durell Stone.	0
The wife of Anthony Perkins, the original Norman Bates, Berry Berenson died as a result of being a passenger on one of the 9/11 planes.	1
Ben &amp; Jerry’s made the first cookie dough ice cream after a suggestion on their shop’s flavor suggestion board.	1
Her highest ranking was in December 2005, when she was third.	0
He favorably impressed many businessmen, including Bernard Baruch (head of the War Industries Board).	0
Norodom Sihamoni is crowned King of Cambodia.	0
Unfortunately, one third of the world’s parrots are facing extinction because of habitat destruction and poaching.	1
MuPAD offers a notebook concept similar to word processing systems that allows the formulation of mathematical problems as well as graphics visualization and explanations in formatted text.	0
Ed’s first single was ‘The A Team’ which placed number three on the UK Singles Chart.	1
Habitat: Stationary water bodies like ponds, lakes and artificial pools.	0
Although Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system, it is also the lightest planet!	1
In 2000, Ayalon was replaced by Avi Dichter, an ex-Sayeret Matkal commando and an experienced Shabak agent, tightened the working relationship with the Israel Defense Forces and Israeli police.	0
In roman numerals, the number 25 is XXV.	1
His full name is Timothy Walter Burton.	1
These categories generally include assets, liabilities, owner's equity, revenue, expenses, gains and losses.	0
On opening Pete’s sold just over 310 submarine sandwiches and charged no more than 70 cents for the subs.	1
Parker, Roger (1998), "Otello" in Sadie, Stanley (ed.	0
It is located c. 4 km north of San Gemini, a small comune in the province of Terni.	0
Disappointed not to qualify for the Olympics in 1996 and 2000, Barry did not race in 2001 but came back strongly next year with victory in the Montreal World Cup, in which she used a steel frame built by her father-in-law, Mike Barry.	0
Galveston Island was originally inhabited by members of the Karankawa and Akokisa tribes who called the island Auia.	1
In 2012, an Afghan Taliban Commander Mohammed Ashan turned himself in to local authorities, trying to claim the $100 reward prize he had seen on a poster for his arrest.	1
The Guinness Store house has a Gravity Bar, which is 150 feet off the ground and the highest bar in Dublin.	1
Plans for a riverside quadrangle with a multistory administrative tower modeled on the "Old Boston Stump" in Boston, England were scaled back in the late 1920s when the State Metropolitan District Commission used eminent domain to seize riverfront land for Storrow Drive.	0
Though he has perfected a Southern accent for his role on The Walking Dead, he is actually British and born in London, England.	1
Liam Payne is a member of the British boy band ‘One Direction‘.	1
Karakol (the provincial capital near the eastern end of the lake)	0
The phrase ‘once in a blue moon’ means an event that occurs infrequently.	1
After Mathieu has tried to commit suicide, his psychiatrist sends him back to the small seaside town to learn how to deal with what happened.	0
Burghley's intention in building the mansion was partly to demonstrate his increasingly dominant status at the Royal Court, and also to provide a palace fine enough to accommodate the Queen on her visits.	0
He was Arsenal's top scorer in both 1966–67 and 1967–68, having started out as a centre forward for the club, but later moved to inside forward with John Radford moving from the wing to up front.	0
, there were 42 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 17 businesses involved in this sector.	0
In the Thai Solar Calendar, the color orange is associated with Thursday.	1
St Nicholas' Church, Boldmere, Sutton Coldfield (1841) – demolished	0
Back in England, he studied mine engineering and later managed mines in Mexico, the Sinai, South America, Spain, Portugal and Norway.	0
Originally incorporated as a village on June 9, 1911, Irricana changed its status to a town 94 years later on June 9, 2005.	0
The nation has competed at every Olympic games for a century, except the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	0
Field Marshal Montgomery made his ambitious September thrust across the Rhine and into Germany's industrial heartland, codenamed Operation Market Garden, a priority for 21st Army Group.	0
NOVA Chemicals no longer reports the results of its STYRENIX business unit but rather its interest in INEOS NOVA.	0
Swanborough, F. G. and Peter M. Bowers.	0
Canton Bulldogs (3–0–1)20Dayton Triangles (2–0–2)20Triangle Park	0
The Goyōsei's resurrection specialists dressed like nurses.	0
Males weigh on average 20kg, whereas females weigh roughly half as much as the males.	1
Pirates wore eye patches to have one eye adjusted for the top deck and the other already adjusted for the darkness when going below deck.	1
Known as the "Prince of Central East High".	0
3753 Cruithne: an asteroid which periodically has gravitational slingshot encounters with Earth.	0
An eagle’s brilliant eyesight is owed in part to its sizeable eyes, which can take up around 50% of the head.	1
Know where the exits are before you get in, and always keep track of where the bull is while you’re working.	0
He kisses on the first date.	1
They are known to leap from high branches and into water.	1
At 14:10, Mainz rolled over to port and quickly sank at the position 53°58' N and 6°42' E; the survivors now in the water gave three cheers for their ship.	0
He was also critical of the camera; "When not in the over-the-shoulder view, Cold Fear employs static and cinematic camera angles.	0
The group was created after the arrest of the (later to be) Chicago Haymarket martyrs, then a group of anarchist labor organizers working for the 8-hour day.	0
A Huntington Beach resident has visited the parks of the Disneyland Resort every day since January 1, 2012, marking his 2,000th consecutive visit in 2017.	1
Melody Barnes – Co-Director of Agency Review	0
It has since sometimes been applied as a catch-all phrase for a number of groups of mixed-race ancestry.	0
A naked mole-rat (also known as a sand puppy) feels no pain.	1
The barbarian Arians showed a markedly greater missionary fervour than the Catholics in the fifth century.	0
"Tsukihana" was released as Kitade's 13th single on February 4, 2009.	0
Men change their minds 2 to 3 times more than women (women tend to take longer to make a decision but once they do they are more likely to stick to it)	1
In non-hunted populations, such as in Yellowstone, the resident adult males living in an area the longest are the dominant males.	0
Retina scans are being used more for security purposes: the fingerprint has 40 unique characteristics, whereas an iris has 256.	1
During the latter part of the manufacturer's flight tests the Il-22 made the first ever Soviet jet-assisted takeoff on 7 February 1948 with a pair of SR-2 boosters.	0
Underneath the avenues and boulevards of southern Paris, France, there are ossuaries holding the remains of more than six million people.	1
This species is endemic to Mexico.	0
The dust in a comet’s tail reflects the light from the sun, which is how they appear so bright in the sky.	1
The Pink Lotus is the National Flower of India.	1
Hawaii Five-O (cast member from 1968 - 1976)	0
On June 18, 1935, the A.G.N.A was signed in London by Ribbentrop, and the new British Foreign Secretary, Sir Samuel Hoare.	0
Radcliffe received $110,000 for the first movie.	1
21 AugustPilot Pen Tennis New Haven, United States Tier II event $600,000 - Hard - 28S/32Q/16D Singles Draw - Doubles Draw Justine Henin-Hardenne 6–0, 1–0 ret.Lindsay DavenportSamantha Stosur Svetlana KuznetsovaAmélie Mauresmo Marion Bartoli Elena Dementieva Mara Santangelo	0
A Yule log is quite literally a giant log that is burnt during the 12 days of Christmas.	1
After his shooting, Jack helped him fake his death and hide in Bhutan.	0
The first juggler to start using cigar boxes was Jim Harrigan, who was the first ‘Tramp Juggler’ and one of the first jugglers to start adding comedy lines into his routine.	1
Before Taylor Lautner was a vampire, he was a junior world karate champion for several years running.	1
The superhero’s real name Bruce Wayne is actually a combination of Robert the Bruce and Mad Anthony Wayne – a Scottish and American Revolutionary Hero respectively.	1
The position of her hand in present-day iconography is quite likely borrowed from the Japanese Maneki Neko beckoning cat.	0
Note also that (R, T) is not locally path connected (since its path components are not equal to its components).	0
He led a brigade at First Bull Run, and afterwards became a division commander in the newly created Army of the Potomac.	0
Many foreigners were befriended by Japanese rulers, and their ability was sometimes recognized to the point of promoting one to the rank of samurai (William Adams), and giving him a fief in the Miura Peninsula, south of Edo.	0
Uranium tetrafluoride (UF 4 ) is a green crystalline solid compound of uranium with an insignificant vapor pressure and very slight solubility in water.	0
The average surface temperature of Uranus is -224°C making it the coldest planet in the solar system.	1
Smith gave up his horse so that more badly wounded men could use it.	0
The bandwidth available from a satellite depends upon the number of transponders provided by the satellite.	0
Xander and Anya are inspired to go somewhere to have sex when he plays the trumpet.	0
Backup cells last up to about 2 years each.	0
2008: Mirror Mirror (Krizz Kaliko), originally released on the clean edition of Vitiligo, later released in explicit form on the Strange Noize Tour '08 tour exclusive album	0
It helps in releasing endorphins which can bring positive changes to the mindset of a person.	1
It takes an average person 13 seconds to count from 1 to 26.	1
Discovering his attempt to escape, Mansilla does not request that they send her back, but take her to another place to get more humiliating treatment, as punishment.	0
Royal Blue is one of two colors used by Claret School of Quezon Citywith Fiery Red.	0
His best friend is Barney Gumball.	1
Scarabaspis concavus Gu & Fan, 1997	0
The Greeks consider Tuesday to be an unlucky day as this was the day that Constantinople Fell.	1
Chris was signed to Jive Records in 2004.	1
She escaped from a workhouse in Australia, where she was placed after the death of her parents.	0
The name Earth comes from a combination of Old English and Germanic and is derived from ‘eor(th)e’ and ‘ertha’ which mean ‘ground’.	1
At the same time Palau was assigned to the Parish Church of St. Augustine with its weekly Sunday school for adults.	0
Two years later they produced two telenovelas for the station, La chacala and Azul Tequila, a successful production that launched the career of Bárbara Mori and Mauricio Ochmann.	0
1995 - Bruno Junk, Estonian race walker (b.	0
Sea water is approximately 3.5% salt	1
It takes about 3 months for the tadpoles to develop into Goliath frogs and they reach maturity at 10 to 12 months.	1
A tattoo gun can puncture the skin between 50 and 3,000 times per minute, penetrating the skin about one millimeter deep in the skin to the dermis.	1
Thurstan soon arrived in Rome himself, as did the archbishop of Canterbury, William de Corbeil, and both presumably opposed David's request.	0
They were erected to give warning of attacks by the French.	0
The jetty at Rameswaram is the largest landing centre for fishing boats in the region and it usually comes alive after the ban, with the arrival of fishermen, boat captains, shore workers and others from their native places.	0
Denim clothing was originally developed in France in the city of Nimes.	1
Triple centuries: 331* by Jack Robertson for Middlesex v Worcestershire, 1949 315* by Graeme Hick for Worcestershire v Durham, 2002 311* by Glenn Turner for Worcestershire v Warwickshire, 1982	0
1669 - Antonio Bertali, Italian violinist and composer (b.	0
Change to Win has focused its resources on organizing workers into unions.	0
Under the most difﬁcult of circumstances, classes were begun again, provisorily, in September, and over the winter sometimes had to be held in unheated rooms.	0
She criticised the portrayal of abortions in the 2004 film, Vera Drake.	1
The X Factor producers wanted George to join MK1 originally, however he chose to join Triple J.	1
On 28 October 2008, the party held the Founding parliament of its municipal board for the Serbian municipality of Prokuplje.	0
In July 2013, Becky released her first EP Play It Again.	1
The phrase ‘man’s best friend’ was first used by Frederick the Great in the 18th Odgen Nash, an American poet, made use of the phrase in his work in the 1900s, thus making it a popular saying.	1
They are to perform at summer festivals including T in the Park.	1
In doing Ultra Magnus' voice, Jeff Bennett emulates the voice of Robert Stack, who voiced Magnus in .	0
An interesting thirteen-minute short film about VBSDC garnered an Emmy award for student achievement in 2006.	0
The Canyon and surrounding area has been continuously occupied by Native Americans.	1
The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.80.	0
After the passing of his brother, River went through a very difficult time and encountered many challenges with his mental and physical health.	1
The portion of crater rim lying between Lyttelton Harbour and Christchurch city forms the Port Hills.	0
Other characters include Damien Brenks (Daniel Kash), Aiden's former mentor and partner-in-crime; and Maurice Vega (Christopher Jacot), the triggerman who caused the accident that claimed Lena's life.	0
1st Overall Tour de Luxembourg, Matteo Carrara	0
The ‘Judique Shores’ stretched from Long Point in the south to the Little Judique River just on the boundary of Port Hood, in the north.	0
The population in 2004 is 4,528 and the area is 274.83 km².	0
Marvel's Greatest Superhero Battles includes Doctor Strange stories from Strange Tales #139-141, 253 pages, November 1978, Simon & Schuster, ISBN 978-0671243913	0
In most milking systems, a milking technician must attach the cluster to each cow, but the machine senses when the cow has been fully milked and drops off independently.	0
File:General potpolkovnik-arm.png |Генерал потполковник (general potpolkovnik) (Army of the Republic of Macedonia)	0
The continued success of the Airlift humiliated the Soviets, and the "Easter Parade" of 1949 was the last straw.	0
The rafflesia is a parasitic plant that digs invisibly into a host vine that is a member of the grape family.	0
One blink usually lasts around 100 – 150 milliseconds, and we blink 5.2 million times a year on average.	1
In October 2015 he made the list of the richest YouTube stars hauling in a reported $12 million.	1
Giacomo F. Maraldi experimentally obtains the angle in the rhombic dodecahedron shape, still called the Maraldi angle.	0
In 1464 the forces holding Norham castle changed sides to support the Lancastrians but were then forced to surrender to a force of Yorkists.	0
When he first heard Justin Bieber singing, he believed it was a woman rather than a young boy.	1
They used it to buy the potter's field.	0
Canada International Film Festival2007VancouverCanadaInternationalFilm Festival held annually in Vancouver, BC.	0
The U.S. could feed 800 million people with the grain used to feed the country's livestock.	1
In 2002, Kévin won the Jean-Pierre Graff Trophy as the best rookie in the Ligue Magnus.	0
Albert was born on February 11, 1929 in Gharakilisa, Armenian SSR.	0
In 1989, he founded the Vanderbilt Transplant Center.	0
Eggnog apparently derives from “egg grog”, which means an egg and rum drink.	1
He gets his second name from his father, who has Portuguese heritage.	1
Once an important hardwood timber tree, the American chestnut is highly susceptible to chestnut blight, caused by an Asian bark fungus (Cryphonectria parasitica, formerly Endothia parasitica) accidentally introduced into North America on imported Asiatic chestnut trees.	0
The crypts beneath Winterfell and the dungeon beneath the Red Keep in King’s Landing are the same set.	1
Now British Library Cotton MS Julius C.vi.	0
The Grand Canyon is one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World.	1
By 1987, Bologna was starring in the TV musical sitcom Rags to Riches as the millionaire mogul turned foster father, Nick Foley.	0
There are over 500 different cattle breeds in the world.	1
The ITCZ is formed by vertical motion largely appearing as convective activity of thunderstorms driven by solar heating, which effectively draw air in; these are the trade winds.	0
Leopards are super-fast and they can run at speeds of up to 36 miles (58km) per hour.	1
The administration of European Marists is done by:	0
Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.	1
The different colors of lotus flowers also have different symbolic meanings.	0
Upon completion, it will become an oil-refining hub in Vietnam and potentially provide high profits for the province.	0
He enrolled at Texas Tech University, where he played college baseball for the Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team.	0
He started to produce paintings, but then turned to collages, sculptures, portable sculptures called "Adaptives" or "Fitting Pieces", environments and furniture – "welded metal chairs and divans, some minimally padded and upholstered in raw linen."	0
January 18 - Gábor Darvas, composer (d. 1985)	0
Some of his nicknames are Bird, Riv, Rio, and Tum Tum.	1
Orolo holds discussions with Erasmas about the nature of the cosmos and consciousness, and how he believes that the Geometers are not simply from another planet, but from another cosmos which is influenced by Arbre.	0
The 1943 British film Get Cracking starred George Formby as a Home Guard lance corporal who is constantly losing and winning back his stripe.	0
It is primarily a serious drama with some comedic moments.	0
The Guinness Book of World Records is one of the most frequently stolen books from public libraries in the United States.	1
Peter Standish, a character from the play Berkeley Square written by John Balderston, about a Yankee who lives in a house on the square and is transported back to the 18th century.	0
It is a member and founding union of the Australian Rugby Union.	0
Now considered a Critically Endangered species on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species due to a series of factors (including influence), the Kanab ambersnail has been reintroduced to three springs above the historic high water level along the Colorado River.	0
Miranda Hart won the National Television Award for Best Drama Performance: Female.	1
Jervas gave painting lessons to Pope at his house in Cleveland Court, St James's, which Pope mentions in his poem, To Belinda on the Rape of the Lock, written 1713, published 1717 in 'Poems on Several Occasions'.	0
Mixed traffic locomotives (US English: general purpose or road switcher locomotives) are built to provide elements of both requirements.	0
For example Bertrand Russell, in his 1912 book The Problems of Philosophy says: "Philosophy is to be studied not for the sake of any definite answers to its questions, since no definite answers can, as a rule, be known to be true, but rather for the sake of the questions themselves."	0
Bartók: First Rhapsody for Violin and Piano (album: Ursula Bagdasarjanz violin, Gallo)	0
List of Buddhist temples in Kyoto	0
A group of ladybirds is called a loveliness.	1
The stops /t/ and /d/ are claimed to be dental in both dialects.	0
His blood is on us, and that's what Jesus wanted.	0
He led the league with 68 assists and 898 putouts, and threw out 30 of 74 baserunners attempting to steal (47.5%), second in the AL in that category.	0
Ulysses S. Grant: By the time he was 9, Ulysses S. Grant was so good at breaking horses, many farmers came to him for assistance.	1
The ballot box, jury box and the cartridge box.	0
All the 13 minerals needed for human life can be found in alcohol beverages!	1
A study by the Russian military historian G.F. Krivosheev estimated the total war dead at 2,254,369 (Killed in action 1,200,000; missing and presumed dead 439,369; died of wounds 240,000, gassed 11,000., died from disease 155,000, POW deaths 190,000, deaths due to accidents and other causes 19,000.)	0
The Complete Wartime Correspondence of Czar Nicholas II and the Empress Alexandra, April 1914 – March 1917.	0
In Northern Ireland and Scotland, the single transferable vote system is used, whilst in most of England and Wales the single member plurality system is used.	0
The current Microsoft logo uses the O.S’ word font Segoe alongside the familiar 4 coloured squares.	1
Copernal is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	0
An electric eel can produce a shock of up to 650 volts!	1
She married Bill Clinton in 1975, and gave birth to their daughter, Chelsea, in 1980.	1
The oceanic dolphins are also called “true dolphins”.	1
Arya Maitreya, with commentary by Jamgon Kongrul Lodro Thaye and Khenpo Tsultrim Gyamtso Rinpoche, Snow Lion, 200.	0
During 9/11, some fighters took off without live ammo, knowing that to stop the hijackers; the pilots might have to crash their fighters into the planes.	1
These technologies allow specific instructions to be broadcast over a large area, however they may be subject to substantial echo and weather-related effects; and furthermore, environmental noise may interfere with their effectiveness.	0
Multiple Camera Editing for a Drama Series in 2007 and 2004 (TIED with One Life to Live)	0
In 2014, Ariana’s brother was a contestant on the 16th series of Big Brother.	1
• Cattle produce about 25 billion pounds of meat each year.	0
Red Dragon (magazine), a Welsh journal published 1882–1887	0
Comparison between China's EHR Standard and Segments of the ASTM E 1384 Standard	0
An area of the Suns surface to the equivalent of a postage stamp would shine with the brightness of over 1,500,000 candles	1
This is similar to the definition of a polynomial except that an infinite number of the coefficients may be nonzero.	0
The center of the Milky Way smells like rum and tastes like raspberries.	1
An army with good supply lines, sound air cover and a clear objective can be said to possess, as a whole, "good morale" or "high morale."	0
Pulteney Bridge in Bath, England, designed by Robert Adam.	0
The engine was a vertical one with horizontal, opposed poppet valves for inlet and exhaust.	0
Austin started to learn guitar at age 14, but has been playing the drums since age 6.	1
Adevărul reportedly had a notoriously stiff editorial policy, outlined by Mille and applied by his administrative editor Sache Petreanu, whereby it taxed the proofreaders for each typo.	0
In what might be viewed as the 2007 Ravens' finest moment they faced the New England Patriots on Monday Night Football.	0
Of this area, or 79.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 6.4% is forested.	0
"I wear a computer vision system, and carry a letter from my family physician, as well as documentation on this system when I travel.	0
| | Bluish grey fur fibre and guard hairs which are sometimes white-tipped, giving a silvery blue tone, pelts of this type with a brownish cast are less valuable.	0
While recovering from his wounds from the battle with Abzu, Koga learns of the advent of the war with Pallas' army, but claims that his days as a saint are over with his cloth damaged beyond repair, until he is attacked by one of Pallas' Pallasites and with his Cosmo, he manages to revive the Pegasus Cloth in a new, reinforced form, returning to his duty as a Saint of Athena, and it later gets a second upgrade when he and his friends Cosmo combines into the that awakens their Omega Cloths.	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.11% of people are left handed	1
“Barraine, Elsa,” by Françoise Andrieux and James R. Briscoe.	0
By the fifth century AD, Rome had around 900 public baths.	1
We even had a penalty try given against us when we were losing by 100 points."	0
This left limited financial and engineering means for endurance racing.	0
Cher Lloyd does not have a Facebook account.	1
Despite having an old alliance with Britain dating back to the Treaty of Windsor in 1386 (the oldest alliance in the world which is still in force), Portugal did not initially form part of the system of alliances involved in World War I and thus initially kept its neutrality.	0
Knoxville, TN - four weeks of concert performances at the KNOXVILLE WORLD'S FAIR—1982	0
She is best known for her roles as Go Hye-mi in the KBS2 TV series' Dream High, Jang Ma Ri in Big, young Yang Seo Yeon in the movie Architecture 101, and Dam Yeo Wool in the MBC TV series' Gu Family Book.	0
Justin can play the drums, guitar, piano and trumpet.	1
Just 6 months before the towers were destroyed, a property developer bought a 99-year lease on the World Trade Centers for $3.2 billion dollars.	1
"John Doe" (Prison Break), a season-two episode of the American television series Prison Break	0
IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.	1
The 1990s were a turning point for the boombox in popular culture.	0
Geomelophagia is someone who has the urge to eat raw potatoes.	1
People don’t sneeze in their sleep due to their brain shutting down the reflex.	1
Lady Gaga has more Facebook fans than Barack Obama and Justin Bieber!	1
2009 : Doha, Qatar - "Dialogue, mutual understanding and reconciliation."	0
In China, a man sued his wife for being ugly – and won	1
The stalfos skeleton is the only enemy to appear in every game.	1
1448 - John VIII Palaiologos, Byzantine emperor (b.	0
But after you got one, you began to gnaw a crust of bread.	0
Mr. Kat is an evil cat who dislikes Coop.	0
The letter "J" was the last letter added to the English alphabet.	1
Years &amp; Years are fans of Ariana Grande and her music.	1
Although the Sagittarius is an old spaceship which use a sort of oil as fuel, the spaceship is able to leave Earth and reach planets sometimes in as little time as a few hours.	0
Out of the forested land, 21.2% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.5% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees.	0
Marcos says he would never forget about Armenia, which gave him an opportunity to develop his skills.	0
Nash’s first visited Europe on 2nd October 2015; he went to Paris and invited his fans to come join him!	1
George Washington: Although George Washington was the first American millionaire, he had to borrow $1,500 in 1789 to travel for his inauguration.	1
It was an evening of prayer, stories, traditional Irish music, and personal testimonials about Mychal Judge.	0
Jacob is one of many internet stars on Snapchat, and he can be added @JacobsVine.	1
Walton dedicated the score to his wife, Susana.	0
Abbé Jean Carmignac (1914–1986) was a French biblical scholar who founded Revue de Qumran in 1958.	0
Upon his return in 1909, he travelled to Paris, where he enrolled in the newly founded École Nationale Superieure d'Ingenieurs en Construction Aéronautique (now the École Nationale Supérieure de l&apos;Aéronautique et de l&apos;Espace, also known as SUPAERO).	0
The band was heavily inspired by music groups Third Eye Blind, Counting Crows, Arcade Fire, and The Decemberists during rehearsals, but were also influenced by Danny Elfman and Jon Brion film scores.	0
Professor Barbenfouillis is president of the Astronomer's Club and oversees an expedition to the Moon.	0
He immediately marched towards Rocheservière, but only arrived in time to witness the rout of Suzannet and Saint-Hubert.	0
The document was made up of 7 proclamations and 26 principles "to inspire and guide the peoples of the world in the preservation and enhancement of the human environment."	0
Hall of Rickenbacker met with the band and their manager, and gave Harrison a model 360/12 (the second electric twelve-string built by Rickenbacker).	0
Subspeciesficaria has a wide distribution throughout the British Isles, becoming scarcer in Scotland.	1
Nearly every brand of hard liquor is vegan.	1
Scamp Goes on Holiday (1952) and Scamp and Bimbo, Scamp at School, Scamp and Caroline and Scamp Goes to the Zoo (1954) were illustrated by Pierre Probst.	0
This then gave rise to a new allotetraploid species Spartina anglica (Common Cordgrass), which is much more vigorous, and has now largely ousted S. maritima from much of its native range in western Europe.	0
In 2008, Neil Patrick Harris confessed in an interview to having undergone otoplasty – a surgery to have his ears pinned back because he was self-conscious about them sticking out.	1
Anti-Federalists thus became recognized as an influential group among the founding fathers of the United States.	0
In Pakistan, 5 years of MBBS is followed by one year of internship in different specialties.	0
Robert Denerstein of the Rocky Mountain News ranked the films from his favorite to his least favorite: Spider-Man 2, Spider-Man, and Spider-Man 3.	0
29 November 1873 – 22 May 1874 : Alfred Deseilligny	0
Justin got caught smoking cannabis on 5th January 2013, but later apologised for his actions.	1
During the Spanish regime, the Spaniards, in their effort to spread Christianity, toured the interior villages and somehow chanced to pass a plateau where a group of women were drying palay.	0
The municipal council of Drechterland consists of 17 seats, which are divided as follows:	0
Marmite was one of most confiscated items at airports from the U.K. – to overcome this issue, Marmite made smaller ones for travelling.	1
When the Disney character Dumbo learnt to fly, she cried.	1
Following his career, Boudrias would go on to become one of the game's most respected scouts with Montreal Canadiens and New Jersey.	0
Omar drinks soda rather than alcoholic beer, and swaps the famous hot dogs for Egyptian beef.	1
Herrera, Néstor; Rivera, Roberto; Ibarra Portillo, Ricardo & Rodríguez, Wilfredo (2006): Nuevos registros para la avifauna de El Salvador.	0
She was born on 24th July in 1982.	1
The genus Lemur is now monotypic, containing only the ring-tailed lemur.	0
The group is also known by the nickname ‘5H’.	1
This prompted WETA to revise the helmet's design to be more suggestive of a Black Rider; his scenes were then re-shot during the 2003 pick-ups.	0
A-Demi-Flotilla—A-Halbflottille He held this position until the end of World War I on 11 November 1918, when he returned to Antwerpen and Kiel.	0
In a public referendum the results were split down through each of the 10 local councils involved.	0
Roger Taylor’s backyard played a huge part in the “We Will Rock You” music video, as well as the 1977 hit “Spread Your Wings.” Both of the videos were actually filmed there.	1
Soong tries to kill Ma on the bridge, but flees when reinforcements arrive.	0
Gerardo Riverón as Padre Antonio - Reverend friend of family Salvatierra and Moncada	0
Worcestershire sauce is made from dissolved fish.	1
27 September 2006 to 21 October 2009Sir Robert Fulton, Governor	0
The syntax resembles the one of C++/CLI although it produces native code and metadata that integrates with the runtime.	0
There are 24 elements that make up the human body; there are also 24 coasts in the human thoracic cage.	1
*The annelids and brachiopods evolved from the other main branch of the family tree, which did not include the molluscs.	0
He recaptures Hotspot in "Dawn Runner".Is on the cover of "Dawn Runner".	0
In the meantime, he also started working for Zonneland, the youth magazine of Altiora Averbode, the editor of the abbey of Averbode.	0
"Night Before Christmas" (in Judge Dredd Megazine #2.62, 1994)	0
He scored the winning goal of SFC against Arema Malang in Piala Indonesia final.	0
McLeod was also the starting goalkeeper for the national team at the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women&apos;s World Championship.	0
In aftermarket oil additives, the percentage of ZDDP ranges approximately between 2-15%.	0
Callilepis is easily distinguished from other Gnaphosidae by the single translucent lamina on the cheliceral retromargin, the short, angular endites and the flattened, transverse posterior median eyes.	0
Shimazu Tadahisa, the founder of the Shimazu Samurai clan	0
He is the most famous TOWIE member with over 3.5 million followers on Twitter.	1
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple!	1
Bronze medallist Lucas had improved her national record by a significant amount (0.78 seconds) and fourth placed Spencer had set a new personal best.	0
The Wilcoxes burn the piece of paper on which Ruth's bequest is written, and decide to keep her will a secret.	0
Retroactive awards of merit were also given to five movies considered best from 1955 to 1975: Tonight for Sure, Not Tonight, Henry!	0
During this period, Cerro Azul sometimes erupted daily, sending columns of ash as far as 6 or 7 kilometers (about 4 mi) into the air.	0
The Ukrainian Folk Dance, Kobzar Publishing Co. Ltd. ISBN 0-9692078-5-9.	0
Sometimes people want someone to talk to… they don’t always seek opinions or advice only someone willing to listen.	1
Katy was named “The Next Best Thing” by Early converts Blender Magazine – what a title!	1
The first town charter dates from the 16th century and the town hall was constructed in the early 18th century.	0
When Play Doh was first developed in the 1930s, it wasn’t a toy… it was a way to clean wallpaper.	1
at The New York Review of Books	0
It was re-released in September 2013, by her new record label, Columbia and reached number 18.	0
Liu Gong (劉恭), Prince of Lingshou (created 66), later Prince of Julu (created 72), later Prince of Jianglin (created 78), later Prince Jing of Pengcheng (created 85, d. 112)	0
bar:1961 at:2108 fontsize:XS text: 2108 shift:(-8,5)	0
The tea bag was introduced in 1908 by Thomas Sullivan of New York.	1
Shawn got verified on Twitter the same day he got signed to Island Records.	1
World Kindness Day falls on November 13th, and is a day to make the world a better place by showing just a little kindness to everybody.	1
The entire fight with the Balrog, from the bridge until the demise of the Balrog, lasted for 10 days.	1
According to Münster (1970), in states of thermodynamic equilibrium, the state variables of a system do not change at a measurable rate.	0
Unpublished PhD, University of Hull, 1999.	0
DOE stated that the Yucca Mountain Project "will be based on sound science.	0
Poe himself had died in 1849, and so Gill took Virginia's remains and, after corresponding with Neilson Poe and John Prentiss Poe in Baltimore, arranged to bring the box down to be laid on Poe's left side in a small bronze casket.	0
Taylor Michael Caniff is a singer and internet personality who has gained millions of online followers.	1
Dylan Bell is a drummer who joins the band for their live performances, despite not being an official member of the group.	1
Sonoma County California was the location of the most famous Windows desktop backgrounds; the field with a blue sky or “Bliss” to give its official name, the photo was taken in 1996.	1
In 2000, Swedish band The Black Sweden included the song on their ABBA tribute album Gold.	0
Sharan Newman commented, "The idea of building a church in the form of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem wasn't new.	0
Soldiers during World War II would wear jeans when off duty, as they were comfortable and casual and allowed them to worry less about getting dirty.	1
His home, Arrowhead, is maintained as a museum by the Berkshire Historical Society, and visitors can see the peaks of Mount Greylock through the study-window, peaks which reminded Melville of a whale's back.	0
Turkey replaced Swan on the Christmas menu of the Royals in 1851.	1
Like humans, horses have different facial expressions to express their moods.	1
A chronological perspective on the Acheulian and its transition to the Middle Stone Age in southern Africa: the question of the Fauresmith.	0
While Sif and the Skuttlebutt's defenses fight the Fire Demons, Thor and Beta Ray Bill fight Enchantress (who has been converted into Surtur's mind-controlled pawn).	0
Be Unlimited, a UK Internet service provider	0
The gold chocolate coins we receive at Christmas are to represent the gold St Nicholas supposedly gave to the poor.	1
1965: BBC 60 minute television adaptation The Good Soldier Schweik starring Kenneth Colley, John Collin and Felix Felton.	0
The head of the family is Stan Smith – a Republication CIA agent.	1
Multiple chains of errors are the result.	0
Leaving the potato skin on French fries actually leaves in important vitamins that are lost if the skins are peeled away.	1
These characteristics also made it effective against heavily armoured infantry, dragging them into the melee or exploiting the weak points in their armour.	0
– You have to carry this.	0
Among other things, he called for the re-classification of semi-automatic rifles as prohibited, the restoration of the Long Gun Registry and " n absolute ban on urban gun collecting..."	0
The debates are targeted mainly at undecided voters; those who tend not to be partial to any political ideology or party.	0
They won their third straight "City Championship Trophy" over Tigres del Licey, their rivals who share Estadio Quisqueya in Santo Domingo, after winning six of their ten regular season games against Licey.	0
Out of the Controversial discussions during World War II, a compromise was established with three more-or-less amicable groups of the psychoanalytic movement: the Freudians, the Kleinians, and the "Middle Group" of the British Psychoanalytical Society (later called the "Independent Group"), to which Winnicott belonged, along with Ronald Fairbairn, Michael Balint, Masud Khan, John Bowlby, Marion Milner, and Margaret Little.	0
Yrjö Sakari Yrjö-Koskinen, formerly Georg Zacharias Forsman	0
This record earned him the title of the youngest person to debut in the top 25 on the Billboard Hot 100, at just 15 years, 11 months and 4 days of age.	1
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes - (5) - Belmez (1990), King's Theatre (1994), Montjeu (2000), Galileo (2001), Azamour (2005)	0
Additional scenes were shot at Yerkes Observatory in Williams Bay, Wisconsin, on Geneva Lake in southern Wisconsin, interiors of the U.S. Capitol were shot at the Wisconsin State Capitol, in Madison, Wisconsin and at Inland Steel (now known as MITTAL Steel) in East Chicago, Indiana.	0
This is a common mechanism exploited by natural and artificial biocides, including the ion channels gramicidin and amphotericin (a fungicide).	0
long as the ox teamster is always smarter than the oxen.	0
A narrow yellowish-brown stripe is usually present on the outer edge of the back.	0
The OMMA Awards: “The Levi’s®/FADER Fort” Entertainment (ExcludingTV & Movies) - Integrated Online Campaigns.	0
The stomach acids found in a snakes stomach can digest bones and teeth but not fur or hair	1
None of the three crew members were injured.	0
with Anselmo Lurago, the Astronomical Tower and other structures at the Clementinum, Prague, circa 1720	0
It can either be a hot iron brand or a freeze brand.	0
3x Schleicher Ka-4 Rhönlerche (only one in good condition)	0
Despite filling everyone who drinks it with joy, alcohol is actually a depressant.	1
Planning is crucial to a successful IPO.	0
She followed this by landing roles in other Broadway productions such as Guys and Dolls and Can-Can.	0
In either situation, bulls can be extremely dangerous.	1
The mistranslation of a passage in a contract, for example, could lead to lawsuits and loss of money.	0
1992 A Secret Garden David Douglas Duncan (DDD Edition)	0
Cate Blanchett loved her costume while playing Galadriel, and when filming had finished, the prosthetic elf ears were given to her as a gift.	1
More obvious forms of self-destruction are eating disorders, alcohol abuse, drug addictions, sex addiction, self-injury, and suicide attempts.	0
Eus mojers zonge bij de weeg,	0
He is now two years and a half old and to me as gentle as can be.	0
Canada Institute for Scientific and Technical Information	0
Normal fun #funfacts will resume shortly…	1
Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.	1
a short film within the compilation project Lumière et compagnie – 1995	0
Matte Babel (born 1980), MuchMusic VJ (video jockey) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada	0
The kanji 晦 written as 三十 (mi-so) means 30, mi-so-ka (Kanji 晦日) refers to the 30th and last day of a month in the ancient lunar calendar.	0
Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony was the first symphony ever composed that included parts for singers.	1
An average woman’s handbag weighs between 3-5 pounds!	1
Pairs – 1 pair of 2 athletes	0
The Stingers were the first professional team of long-time NHL star Mike Gartner.	0
Edward Burns, Matt Damon, Jeremy Davies, Vin Diesel, Adam Goldberg, Tom Hanks, Barry Pepper, Giovanni Ribisi, Tom Sizemore	0
The Cathedral of Anagni, dedicated to Saint Mary, in Romanesque style, was constructed during the years 1071-1105, with Gothic-style additions in the mid-13th century.	0
), Atlas of the world's languages (pp.	0
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave!	1
Nike Golf, which is a branch of the Nike company, was started in 1984 by Bill Wood; however, it only truly gained popularity when Tiger Woods was signed in 1996.	1
Although terrestrial, pumas can swim and climb trees when they need to.	1
Total Endowment of University, c. £4.1 billion	0
Internationally, morphine is a Schedule I drug under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.	0
In the United States, The Dow Jones Newspaper Fund sponsors internships that include two weeks of training.	0
Bin Laden originally denied having part in the invasion, but later released a video in which he admitted to having orchestrated the assault.	1
Her audition scene was Tara losing her job at the Super Save-a-Bunch.	1
Placebo's work best for women if the pill is blue and best for men if it is orange.	1
By 10–12 million years ago, the hyena family had split into two distinct groups; that of the dog-like hyenas and the bone-crushing hyenas.	0
Uva Tosca, also known simply as Tosca	0
Paintings by members of the Pont-Aven School such as Paul Sérusier and Paul Gauguin's Vision after the Sermon are also inspired by this aspect of Breton culture.	0
A coal mine was established in 1942 and exploitation of the local lignite reserves began in October 1945.	0
The equivalent URL http://example.net/blog with a priority of 15 (a lower priority than the other equivalent URL above).	0
He is a huge fan of Lost,The 100 and Grey’s Anatomy – he says he watches the shows religiously.	1
Hair root sheath cell of Henle&apos;s layer	0
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the only film in the series not in the 50 highest-grossing films list.	1
Zahl also said tried the water inside and said it was cooler than the water in his canteen.	0
Tuesday is also the day when Barack Obama was elected as the first African American President of the United States of America.	1
The town possesses some old mansions from the 16th and 17th century, including the Hôtel de Nayrac, of the Renaissance.	0
The Curetonian consists of fragments of the Gospels brought in 1842 from the Nitrian Desert in Egypt and now in the British Museum.	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.	1
The Fruit Loops mascot is actually a toucan, known as Toucan Sam; the bird has been the face of the Kellogg’s cereal for around 50 years.	1
A vital ration during World War II was the peanut butter sandwich according to the all-knowing Peanut Butter Board.	1
Game 6 @ Los Angeles: St. Louis 114, Los Angeles 113 (OT)	0
On November 6, 2009 president Traian Băsescu, associated with PD-L, nominated him as candidate for Prime Minister of Romania.	0
The camps were later dismantled after confrontation with the Mexican Army became likely, and Obrador was declared "Legitimate President" by his followers in a "public open vote" (people in the main square raising their hands).	0
The most powerful relationship for a cow is that between a mother and baby.	1
In 1575 Byrd and Tallis were jointly granted a patent for the printing of music and ruled music paper for 21 years, one of a number of patents issued by the Crown for the printing of books on various subjects.	0
State Highway SH 54 is an alternate road connecting Kalpetta with Kozhikode.	0
In August 2011 the Secret Service introduced a new permanent addition to the federal government's fleet, initially for use by Barack Obama in the campaign leading up to the 2012 Presidential Election.	0
date unknown - John Paul Nazarius, theologian (died 1645)	0
The coins thrown into the Trevi fountain in Italy are collected for charity	1
Josh’s nan, Jean, spent over £800 on tickets to see him in the show.	1
1 May 1707 Act of Union 1707	0
They are also the symbol for the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), formally known as World Wildlife Fund.	1
Leigh-Anne Pinnock was born on 4th October 1991 in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, England.	1
See especially Chapters 5 and 16.	0
BTS started gaining attention six months before their debut due to their presence on social media and song covers.	1
He lives at the top of their tower block, Wyndham Tower.	0
Mollie realizes that Daphne misses Rocks and talks to her about how someone can grow on you and after a while you can't live without them.	0
Elvis Presley made only 1 television commercial	1
Marowak sometimes is found holding a Thick Club, however it’s only a 5% chance since Generation III.	1
Brad Pitt first gained recognition as a cowboy hitchhiker in the road movie Thelma &amp; Louise.	1
United Nations laissez-passer, a travel document issued by the United Nations to its staff	0
The Christadelphian body consists of a number of fellowships - groups of ecclesias which associate with one another, often to the exclusion of ecclesias outside their group.	0
It is not impossible that a secular power could influence a conclave but conclave regulations minimize the possibility.	0
22 is in the title of a track for many artists, including Taylor Swift, Lily Allen, Bon Iver, Deaf Havana and Jay-Z – whether as the full name or part of the track name.	1
A few periodicals-monthlies, fortnightlies and weeklies-mostly devoted to religion and culture are also published.	0
He was also a speaker and preacher, often accompanied by his wife, Jean Braithwaite with whom he had two daughters.	0
Locating her father's company's base-camp, Natty eventually finds and reunites with her father in a heart wrenching embrace on a mountain road.	0
On her 20th birthday, Lady Gaga signed a record deal with Interscope Records.	1
Fitness competitions also have a gymnastic element to them.	0
It is an important ferry and naval port at the head of Souda Bay.	0
(between February 7, 1946 - December 24, 1951 Romania had diplomatic relations with United Kingdom who administrated Tripolitania as part of Italian territory until September 15, 1947, as direct British occupation between September 15, 1947 - November 21, 1949, and under UN supervision between November 21, 1949 - December 24, 1951 when Kingdom of Libya was founded)	0
His first league start at Kobe Wing Stadium in the 2–1 defeat to Vissel Kobe on 26 September 2004.	0
Andy and Florrie are always on the verge of poverty.	0
Elm Farm Ollie was the first cow that flew on an airplane back in February 1930.	1
The monument made of granite from Finland listed all of the Romanov Tsars and had the coats of arms of the Russian provinces.	0
He previously stated his religion as an atheist.	1
Sandpoint ID: Airways International Inc., 1997.	0
Niche private enterprise uses for monorails emerged, with the emergence of air travel and shopping malls, with shuttle-type systems being built.	0
In Bielsa it joins with the Barrosa, and somewhat later the Cinqueta.	0
In the next stretch, the Columbia Slough flows by Portland Meadows horse racing track on the right and crosses under Interstate 5 at about RM 7 (RK 11).	0
Harvard scientists recently sent the first transatlantic smell via iPhone.	1
Originally, Orlando Bloom(Legolas) auditioned for the role of Faramir,John Rhys-Davies(Gimli) for the role of Denethor, and Christopher Lee for the role of Gandalf!	1
The Greek historian Herodotus (c. 484–425 BC) noted that the Egyptian citizens of Sais in Egypt worshipped Neith and that they identified her with Athena.	0
These analogs collectively suggest it would take at least 30 years for hybrid and electric vehicles to capture 80% of the US passenger vehicle stock.	0
Hydra are believed to be biologically immortal, meaning, they don't age.	1
Class 1A contributions were introduced from 6 April 1991, and are paid by employers on the value of company cars and certain other benefits in kind provided to their employees and directors, at a rate (tax year 2012-13) of 13.8% of the value of the benefits in kind (from their P11Ds).	0
After watching a Behind the Music special on Faith Hill, Taylor knew she had to move to Nashville, Tennessee to persue her musical dreams.	1
Edited by José Manuel González Herrán.	0
Soon, though, Lurleen is found, arrested, and taken to court.	0
Soon after, Simão ceremoniously executed a Portuguese and barred other foreigners (mostly Siamese and other South East Asians) from trading on the island, which drew even more attention to him.	0
The books in the series are; The Hunger Games, Catching Fire and Mockingjay.	1
In 2007 Freddie was supposed to play Daniel’s role in Indie Film December Boys but had to opt out due to his grandmother being taken ill.	1
- An online version of Kunstformen der Natur with 300 dpi scans of the 100 plates, their scheme plates, the accompanying description, table of contents and supplement pages.	0
Her youngest sibling Taissa is also a famous actress like her, having starred in many films but being most renowned for her reoccurring work in American Horror Story, having been in Murder House, Coven and recently the outstanding bar-raising Roanoake.	1
To the north lies Planum Boreum.	0
The Reds had not lost a postseason game since Carlton Fisk's extra-inning home run in 1975, a span of 8 straight wins.	0
), Italy in the Early Middle Ages.	0
Likewise Castanhal is becoming a hot spot for technology.	0
Dating from this period is also the parish church of St. Mary Magdalene and the hermitage of San Antonio Abad, San Antón popularly (though the saint who was venerated in it until the mid-19th century was San Sebastián).	0
At one point, for the stage name, Alicia had considered calling herself as ‘Alicia Wild’ but her mother rejected it saying it sounded more like a stripper.	1
bar:1901 at:338 fontsize:XS text: 338 shift:(-8,5)	0
This may have been a mistaken judgement, as the British reservists of 1914 tended to be much younger and fitter than their French equivalents a generation earlier.	0
Anna Abrikosova (1882-1936, cremated and secretly buried)	0
The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.05.	0
Drake’s 2016 album “Views” was created as a result of 81 different writers working on it.	1
That shield depicted the lion of Hesse.	0
The altitude of the commune varies from 419 m (at the extreme south of the commune, to the confluence of the rivers Allondon and Nant de l'Ecra) at 502 m (at the extreme north of the commune, in the village of Flies).	0
Arachibutyrophobia is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth.	1
Guillaume and East German spymaster Markus Wolf have said that Willy Brandt's downfall was not intended, and that the affair is among the Stasi's biggest mistakes.	0
Shot put: 13.48 m – Santiago de Chile, 24 October 2009	0
Since the start of his Vine career, it is thought that he has gained an average of 100,000 followers every single week.	1
In 2010, The Wanted won two 4Music Awards for Hottest Boys and Biggest Breakthrough.	1
Louis Klotz (born 1921), nicknamed "Red", American NBA basketball player and owner of the Washington Generals and New York Nationals	0
On May 15, 2009, Jeremy Borash announced that Cox had signed a new multi-year deal with TNA the previous day.	0
He then joined Welsh side Cardiff City in 2006 for £275,000.	0
For Descartes, the only link between these two substances is the pineal gland (art.	0
York died of complications from emphysema at Blodgett Hospital in East Grand Rapids, Michigan, on February 20, 1992.	0
They can grow to around 9.8 feet (3 meters) long, making them the largest land carnivores in the world.	1
The North Battleford Civic Centre, a 2,500-seat multi-purpose arena, is home to the Battlefords North Stars ice hockey team of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.	0
You can really buy things with bitcoins.	1
If you’re a man, the smallest cells in your body are sperm cells.	1
Peltier was at the time (and as of 2011, still is) imprisoned as a convicted murderer; however, his supporters contend that he was framed, and claim he is a political prisoner instead.	0
Before Apple bought Siri, it was originally going to be released as an app for Android &amp; Blackberry.	1
Saturn’s density is low enough that the planet would float in water.	1
Kazuyo Inoue Yoko Kimura Fumi Sakai	0
Finally, Poinsett stated that the theft of his horses would reflect badly on the fair name of the Khanate.	0
It is usually understood to be a dialect of Hindi and not a separate language although it has more lexical similarity and legibility with Bagri dialect of Rajasthani.	0
Reduce inflammation and pain with water aerobics.	1
Bleu Noir is the eighth studio album by French Star singer Mylène Farmer, released 6 December 2010.	0
There are two main types of lobster species: clawed and spiny lobsters.	1
His birth name is Barack Hussein Obama II.	1
There are approximately 200 billion stars in the Milky Way.	1
His father committed suicide when he was young.	0
Characteristic is the row along the waterfront.	0
The piece and a short film with Wayne's narration were aired at many television stations at sign-off time before stations began broadcasting 24 hours a day in late 1970s and early 1980s.	0
The highway had opening ceremonies in both New South Wales and Victoria during 1920.	0
The weight of a Babybel is 21 grams.	1
1987CableACE AwardBest Music HostThe Max Headroom Show	0
Lettres de Marguerite de Parme et du sire de Montigny sur les troubles de Tournai de l'an 1564 (1836)	0
Monopoly at McDonald’s encourages you to save tokens from your meals to win big prizes like a car, on an instant win like an apple pie.	1
The average Christmas tree before its sale will grows for 15 years.	1
29th round 30th round 31st round 32nd round 33rd round	0
The style was similar to other contributors to the magazine, such as Sanpei Shirato and Shigeru Mizuki.	0
Royalle also criticizes the male-centredness of the typical pornography film, in which scenes end when the male actor ejaculates.	0
He has been criticized for flopping (simulating violent contact in an attempt to prompt a personal foul call): Ian Thomsen, a Sports Illustrated columnist, grouped him with fellow foreign players Vlade Divac and Manu Ginóbili as the players who "made famous", exaggerating contact on the court in a manner analogous to diving in association football games.	0
North Dakota State's Bison Dance team took 1st place at nationals in 2012 and 2013 in pom in Orlando, Florida.	0
Screendiagonal 2.6"diagonal 2.8"diagonal 2.6"diagonal 2.8"diagonal 2.6"diagonal 2.8"	0
The original musical of Les Misérables opened at the Barbican Centre in London on 8th October, 1985.	1
美由紀, meaning "beautiful reason for history"	0
This remake was developed by Million and published by Atlus.	0
She completed her high school diploma in L.A., when her parents divorced.	1
In October, he granted a British cable company the right to connect Port-au-Prince and Kingston, Jamaica, and by 1887 he negotiated to link Môle Saint-Nicolas to Cuba.	0
Giant pandas have 6 digits on their paws, 5 fingers and 1 pseudo-thumb which help them holding and eating the bamboo more easily !	1
Swedish UEFA Women&apos;s Champions League contenders Tyresö FF signed Korpela to a contract in December 2013.	0
While the Hampton Roads area has been recently considered as a viable prospect for major-league professional sports, and regional leaders have attempted to obtain Major League Baseball, NBA and NHL franchises in the recent past, no team has yet relocated to the area.	0
By the late 19th century, there was a shift of focus among Rajputs from politics to a concern with kinship.	0
Scottish poet Robert Burns was born on the 25th day of the year.	1
In over 35 British divorce cases in 2012 alone, the video game “Football Manager” was cited.	1
Scarecrows have also made their impact in music – the popular band Pink Floyd has a song called “The Scarecrow” which can be found on their debut album.	1
Frye and Brian McCarthy in the Late Model division and Rick Donnelly, Bob Potter, George "Moose" Hewitt and Dick Ceravolo in the Modifieds.	0
Tree hugging is forbidden in china	1
Ever since people started using cattle in Prehistoric times, cattle have been seen as a sign of wealth.	1
Season Team Lge GP G A Pts PIM GP G A Pts PIM	0
Nik Turner – saxophone, flute, vocals	0
However, in any particular political region, local laws apply as the IEC and ISO publications only have the status of "recommendations" and so countries could - and did - have their own sets of rules - many of which were technically flawed and in some cases scientifically impossible.	0
Her most notable work Rebyata i Zveryata (Kids and Cubs) was published in 1925.	0
Weedle evolves at level 7, the lowest level required for any Pokémon to evolve by leveling up.	1
The Grand Canyon is bigger than the state of Rhode Island.	1
Mayo, John Horsley (1897) Medals and decorations of the British Army and Navy.	0
Better Alone - UK CD 1	0
Composing of architecture, tools and processes used by humans to deliver a defined Service.	0
Later matched by Valentin Chmerkovskiy who went three consecutive seasons without ever scoring less than an individual score of eight (Zendaya, Elizabeth Berkley Lauren & Danica McKellar).	0
All other models including the big cars and Firebirds received only minor updates.	0
Guido Fulst Danilo Hondo Thorsten Rund Heiko Szonn4:05.463	0
Through section 2 of the Canada Act 1982, the United Kingdom ended its involvement with further amendments to the Canadian constitution.	0
301 : Gummersbach —- Bergneustadt —- Olpe	0
Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks”.	1
UK's Royal Mail estimated in 2015 that it would cost £11,602 to send a letter to Mars.	1
In contrast, lipid A is the most conserved part.	0
The largest dinosaur ever discovered was Seismosaurus who was over 100 feet long and weighed up to 80 tonnes!	1
Sylvie Fréchette, (born June 27, 1967 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Canadian synchronized swimmer, who won a gold medal in the 1992 Summer Olympics and a silver in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	0
Originally, the Eiffel Tower was going to be erected in Barcelona, but the project was rejected because citizens thought it was an eyesore.	1
If US swimmer Michael Phelps was a country, he's rank 43rd in the list of Olympic medals won.	1
The release date for season two, happened to be the exact same date as the release for the film adaptation of The Fault in our Stars, so naturally they feature the book in the episode – even the inmates like a good love story!	1
76 A Clarion Call for double female choir a cappella (1959)	0
Statistics of Bulgarian A Professional Football Group in the 1993/1994 season.	0
In October 2008, al-Abssi was reported captured in Syria.	0
In the early years the college lacked financial resources (a problem that still plagues education in Greece) and teaching facilities.	0
Mainichi's Digital Media Division shut down WaiWai on June 21.	0
The second Tuesday of every month is commonly known as Patch Tuesday, as this is the day of the month when Microsoft releases their patches.	1
Their second child, whom they also named Frédérick, was born in 1896, and in 1903 they adopted Ambroisine's nephew Georges Édouard Bouin, who had become orphaned.	0
An anonymous donor pays for the college education of every student in kalamazoo, Michigan.	1
Originally, the role was filled by Los Angeles-based DJ Scott K, who lasted only a few weeks.	0
The community of Huntington, WV holds an annual ramp festival referred to as Stink Fest.	0
When recognising a persons face you use the right side of your brain	1
Spanish Jesuit José O&apos;Callaghan Martínez argued in the 1960s that one fragment (7Q5) preserves a portion of text from the New Testament Gospel of Mark 6:52–53.	0
27,000 trees are cut down every day to supply the world’s toilet paper.	1
Everything is the work of someone else" (III, 33).	0
Indeed, Czar Paul I had been designated " " of the Order and, after its dissolution in Malta, he tried to reconstitute it within the framework of the recently established Priory of Russia.	0
He left Egypt following the 2013 Egyptian coup d&apos;état, though he has stated he has gone to Lebanon for treatment of a wound he sustained while in prison and hopes to return to Egypt.	0
Interstate 155 and U.S. Route 412 at Hayti, Missouri	0
He quickly became a team regular, and helped win the league titles in 1986 and 1989.	0
The Honda Integra (sold in some markets as Acura Integra) was a sports car, produced by Japanese automobile manufacturer Honda from 1985 to 2006.	0
Swans are the heaviest flying bird.	1
Illustrator Quentin Blake draws standing up.	1
Combatants would begin riding on one another with the lance, but might continue with shorter range weapons after the distance was closed or after one or both parties had been unhorsed.	0
On May 29 MVP and his associates beat up Bully Ray, but the Wolves, Aries and Young made the save, which set a six man tag that was won by Team MVP.	0
She received the BAFTA for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth in The King’s Speech.	1
In March 2013, Liam got a new puppy called Loki, after revealing this to hos fans on Twitter, death threats were sent to his Loki.	1
The first drug that was sold as a water soluble tablet was aspirin in 1900	1
Given the quantity of land and the size of investment funds operating in the area, it is likely that the value will be in the tens of billions of dollars.	0
Juninho, Portuguese for "little Junior", is a common nickname in Brazil for those whose full name includes Júnior.	0
Taylor’s first album was released in October 2006, which sold more than 2.5 million copies!	1
Every year an Eisteddfod, a festival of poetry, literature and music, is conducted across with Wales, with the first being held by Lord Rhys at Cardigian castle in 1176.	1
Deep Sleep (1991) – Silver Dagger Award	0
Your browser does not support the audio element.	0
Atychiphobia describes a person who fears that they aren't good enough to be in a relationship with a specific person.	1
In 1990, Society won the Silver Raven award for "Best Make-Up" at the Brussels International Festival of Fantasy Film.	0
(See also List of regular polytopes which includes a third regular tessellation, the tesseractic honeycomb {4,3,3,4}.)	0
More recent research in animal models suggests that isradipine may have potential uses for treating Parkinson&apos;s disease .	0
Hong Kong Taoist Association Shun Yeung Primary School	0
Aaron Paul says that he has to listen to chill music while he’s driving in order to prevent road rage.	1
In 1973, a biographer paid for a new headstone with the words, John Porteous, a Captain of the Edinburgh City Guard, murdered 7 September 1736 - All passion spent 1973.	0
Deep fried chocolate bars contain about 850 calories per bar.	1
He wrote a school paper about being “raised by wolves” and then received a detention for it.	1
If present, it specifies the special characters that are to be used to interpret the remainder of the message.	0
Mainstreamed students attend some classes with typical students and other classes with students that have similar disabilities.	0
He is a fan of the television series, Doctor Who.	1
Berlin; London : Springer, 143–172.	0
In Australia it was released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in August 2007, and re-released in a 2-disc Collector's Edition in May 2011.	0
The first ones were named: Armada, Bajeles, Marina, Oceano, Mediterráneo and Barlovento.	0
1 Ch.Navals De Lestrel 31.5m class (104 ft,30 knots,2x20mm Guns)	0
Flamingos are easily recognisable bird as they spend most of their time standing on one leg.	1
The band have been compared to other rockers such as Travis and U2 (both of whom were big influences on their work).	1
He grabs Tinker Bell and shakes fairy dust on the children, then tells them to think happy thoughts and they fly off to Neverland.	0
Neptis sinocartica Chou & Wang, 1994	0
The first of its type in France, Grenoble INP became polytechnical and grew continuously in scale, becoming the National Polytechnical Institute (INPG) in 1971 with Louis Néel, Nobel Laureate in Physics as its first President.	0
Twenty-Six is a 2003 novel by Leo McKay, Jr.	1
The official name of France is The French Republic and its motto is ‘Liberty, Equality, Fraternity’.	1
The considerably smaller French pays of Sundgau, implemented by the 1999 Loi Voynet, roughly corresponds to the arrondissement of Altkirch, comprising four cantons and 112 communes in the south of the larger Sundgau region.	0
A chicken’s heart beats from 220 to 360 times per second.	1
Estimates of the French losses vary between 1,000 men, which include 100 prisoners from the 108th line regiment and a higher estimate of 4,134 killed, wounded and missing.	0
The dialects, which are still spoken by half the population of Drenthe, are Dutch Low Saxon variants.	0
In 1932, the force was moved to the Pacific.	0
Although he planned to be a shortstop until Kendry Morales' returned from injury, he became the Angels' full-time first baseman for the 2011 season due to Morales' season-ending surgery.	0
Lovato wanted the album's music to be less rock and more mellow than her previous album, while exploring more mature sounds and lyrics.	0
He studied philosophy at Trent University in Ontario.	1
(See volume 4, chapter 40 for Gibbon's account of Theodora.)	0
Stomakhin fled to Ukraine seeking political asylum, which was eventually denied.	0
The word Dumbledore was an early English word for a bumblebee.	1
In one of their experiments, students in the École Normale Supérieure were divided into two groups: those in literary studies and those studying mathematics, physics, or biology.	0
The stretch included both underground and elevated sections.	0
Jerome Jarre helped teach Andi about happiness and to not to overcome trying to be successful.	1
1916 - Danny Litwhiler, American baseball player and coach (d. 2011)	0
A candy cane turned upside down reveals the letter J, which many believe represents Jesus.	1
In 2012, Les Misérables was released as a musical film, starring Hugh Jackman (Jean Valjean), Russell Crowe (Javert), Anne Hathaway (Fantine), Amanda Seyfried (Cosette), Eddie Redmayne (Marius), Samantha Barks (Éponine) and Helena Bonham-Carter and Sasha Baron Cohen (the Thénardiers).	1
2008 Исчезнувшая империя / The Vanished Empire	0
Since 1993, India began holding high-level talks with Chinese leaders and established confidence-building measures.	0
This collection contains the actual A-side recording of the "This Is Radio Clash" single.	0
The Sub-prefect Should Have Held His Tongue.	0
One of Michael’s favourite Disney movies is Camp Rock.	1
Julian Sheer - bass clarinet on track 9	0
If you were to shave a tiger’s fur, its skins would still have stripes!	1
It was contested over thirteen races beginning on March 28 on the streets of St. Petersburg, Florida, and ended on October 2 at Homestead-Miami Speedway.	0
Heifers are also often used for beef, especially those that are not suitable to be used in a breeding herd.	0
Following this break, Agbonlahor went on a scoring spree.	0
The average human heart beats 3.6 million times a year.	1
They prefer shallow, murky water in a warm climate.	0
Chevrolet worked for the Roblin mechanics shop from 1895 to 1899.	0
Messmer initiated a decolonization process and imported the counter-revolutionary warfare methods theorized in Indochina and implemented during the Algerian War (1954–62).	0
For some Canadian bonds the maturity may be over 90 years.	0
In 1996 and 1997, Jared was chosen as one of the 50 Most Beautiful People in the World – by People magazine.	1
Sinza, Kijitonyama, Magomeni, Kinondoni and Mwenge are more ethnically mixed than the areas mentioned above.	0
The venue hosts musical acts, theater, dance and cinema.	0
Matt Holliday, professional baseball player (St. Louis Cardinals).	0
During his reign, Croatia retained its sovereignty from both Frankish and Byzantine rule and became de jure independent.	0
RM learned English by watching the popular American sitcom “Friends.”	1
The bulk of the salt came from Brouage.	0
The National Committee of Search and Rescue is responsible for searching, rescueing and disaster relief.	0
2 seed Yanina Wickmayer 3–6, 7–6, 7–5 in 2 hours and 53 minutes.	0
Simoni had said before the stage that he would again try for victory on this climb.	0
At an average of 5.33 cards per game, he was placed sixth on the cards per game table, behind Lucílio Batista (10), Urs Meier (7), and Manuel Gonzalez, Valentin Ivanov and Mike Riley (5.5).	0
The French King, Lois XIV owned a collection of 413 beds in several places all over France, so that he could sleep in his own bed, no matter where he travelled!	1
Mikey admits that he is not ashamed of being emotional and sobbing during a sad film, however he would not do this in front of a girlfriend.	1
Tavernier, Jean-Baptiste, Travels in India translated V. Ball, second ed.	0
The boxer, Joe Louis, was a part owner of the Moulin Rouge Casino, one of the few casinos to welcome both blacks and whites back when segregation was widespread.	1
In 1996 their second full length Time Tourist was released on Warp, with artwork by The Designers Republic, featuring a painting by Trevor Webb of a futuristic London.	0
Over the years, Nike has made some award-winning commercials, and in 2000 and again in 2002, the company won an Emmy award.	1
USAF Senior Airman Jackson Rogers (Gold grade with bronze star)	0
In the second quarter in Chicago, he was pulled for good in favor of Tim Rattay.	0
But continuing inflation and the fear of accelerating its rate of increase argued instead for keeping a very tight rein on credit and thereby blocked the actions needed for recovery.	0
Finding that there were algae-covered pools of water in the otherwise dry bed of Doctor's Creek, troops from the 10th Indiana advanced to take advantage of them.	0
His first car was a 1978 Camaro Z28.	1
The Ghost Catfish, also known as Glass Catfish, are nearly transparent and small catfish.	1
1978Anne Berit EidLiisa VeijalainenWenche Jacobsen8.6 km, 14 controls	0
Garrett Jones hit his 14th home run of the season in Pittsburgh's win against Cincinnati.	0
Australia is home to many unique species of animal, including the small but fearsome Bulldog Ant.	1
In the “12 Days of Christmas”, all the gifts from the song will add up to 364 gifts.	1
Retrieved 14 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
, there were 467 people who were single and never married in the municipality.	0
Almost 70,000 thoughts hit the mind of an average human everyday.	1
Hvernig hefur þú það?—How are you?	0
The author of Mary Had a Little Lamb, Sarah Josepha Hale, is most responsible for the creation of Thanksgiving being a national holiday.	1
Former CEO Steve Ballmer said in 2011 that he found it hard for him to become excited when it came to Android devices.	1
While it did not repudiate either Comecon or the Warsaw Pact, it ceased to play a significant role in either.	0
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names, with over 40 in English alone.	1
The Capital city of France is Paris.	1
The line was extended to Principe in 1992, to San Giorgio-Caricamento in 2003, to De Ferrari (underground station at Piazza De Ferrari) in 2005, and to Brignole in 2012.	0
Lajos Gönczy (24 February 1881 in Szeged, Hungary – 4 December 1915 in San Michele, Italy) was a Hungarian high jumper, who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century.	0
rosa moyesii (1894 — Hemsley/Wilson, Canada)	0
Outside of Japan, vehicles manufactured by Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation are sold in:	0
The title is a combination of the members' previous bands: Shades of Blue and Orphanage.	0
This church by Juvarra is considered late Baroque-Classicism.	0
His favourite month in the year is December.	1
While Newton’s older law of universal gravitation is accurate in most scenarios, modern physics uses Albert Einstein’s general theory of relativity to describe gravity!	1
Kaocen's brother was killed by the French in 1920 after a revolt he led amongst the Toubou and Fula in the Sultanate of Damagaram was defeated.	0
Aston attended Jack Hunt School in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, England, where he was born and raised.	1
Its large and cosmopolitan population made it the commercial and financial heart of the northwestern provinces as well.	0
National and social activism, which used to be virtually the only measuring stick, became only a part of a wider mission of Croatian writers.	0
Jan Massijs had died the year before having been reduced to a state bordering on poverty.	0
1991 - Natalie Schafer, American actress (b.	0
The proper etiquette for eating peas is to squash them on the back of your fork.	1
The Man Who Searched for Love	0
Dorian Gregory as Darryl Morris (10 episodes)	0
He met her at a soccer game, where she rebounded a ball off his head to score a goal.	0
The Swing Riots in the UK were partly a result of the threshing machine.	0
The Cathedral of San Lorenzo is the main religious edifice of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.	0
Quisqueya (orchid), a genus of Laeliinae	0
The true meaning of this series of numbers is still a topic of debate, but it is thought to represent a 20:1 silver ratio (4.76% silver).	0
Hay, G. (2006) , Ceramics Technical, 22, 39-40	0
In December 2013, a Vine of Nash’s sister saying ‘America needs Jesus’ was shared by an Alabama high school student and Vine star Tiffiny Semashko, leading to over 300,000 shares, which was the start to Nash’s fame.	1
The other possibility is that ceratosaurs evolved much earlier than the fossil record suggests.	0
His heir, Prince Louis, had originally been destined for the monastic life of a younger son but became Dauphin when his older brother, Philip, died from a riding accident.	0
Maureen O&apos;Hara, a friend and co-star of Laughton, denied this was the reason for the couple's childlessness.	0
Casey’s favorite restaurant is Scott’s Lobster Dock in Conneticut.	1
Along with his wife, Aaron is heavily involved in the Kind Campaign, which is an anti-bullying organization.	1
The show is centred around a cryogenically frozen pizza delivery boy and his gang of motley friends.	1
In January 2007, the PS3 DualShock controller won an Emmy Award for ‘Peripheral Development and Technological Impact of Video Game Controllers’ by The National Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences.	1
As of 1942, the composition of the 715th Infantry Division was as follows:	0
The flamingo can only eat when its head is upside down.	1
Mexican drug lord "El Chapo" is beloved in his homeland, Sinaloa, for bringing jobs and investing back into the state.	1
Rice bowl, placed to the right of the centre plate	0
Four anime series have been produced and released in Japan based on games in the series.	0
In 2015, he said that the reason he was single was because he was miles away from everybody else.	1
Miss Burns had to fight the snake too, in order to get at Richmond's pistol, with which she was supposed to shoot the python.	0
... aka Dangerous Perceptions (USA: new title)	0
General classification: (1) Lars Boom ( ) 4h 33' 11" (2) Jens Voigt ( ) + 5" (3) David Millar ( ) + 13"	0
According to author Ed Moloney, the IRA made an attempt to escalate the conflict with the so-called "Tet Offensive" in the 1980s, which was reluctantly approved by the Army Council and did not prove successful.	0
Eöl is captured and brought before Turgon.	0
The type specimen is in the Paris Museum.	0
The highest body count in film history goes to “Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” with 836 on-screen deaths.	1
Group member V played the saxophone for three years in school.	1
Sleeping position is determined by the current status of the cow in the group.	0
Yen Press has expressed interest in releasing the 3-volume edition although editor Kurt Hassler said he is not "sure this will be possible.	0
The organization Playing for Change did a cover of the song for their album Songs Around the World.	0
The dried beef can be eaten dry or reconstituted in sauces.	0
Dave Cameron - Former NHL Player, Ottawa Senators Assistant Coach	0
Higher-ranking males have longer consortships than their subordinates.	0
Roald Dahl was buried with a power drill, chocolate, snooker cues and his HB pencils.	1
Lazarevskoye ( ; ) is a microdistrict of Lazarevsky City District of the city of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	0
It is predominant in the Indian subcontinent including India, Bangladesh, and Myanmar; but also very common in other south-east Asian countries like Bali, Indonesia, Malaysia etc.	0
Light blue was first recorded as a colour term in English in 1915.	1
Luke’s favourite song on 5SOS’s first EP is “Beside You”.	1
In 1897, Swiss businessman Adolf von Martini, son of Friedrich von Martini, the inventor of the Martini-Henry rifle, built an experimental rear-engined car.	0
Manganese has the atomic number of 25.	1
They tend to chew on the left side of the mouth, as compared to right-handed people who tend to chew on the right side!	1
Vincent thought the night time was much more alive and colorful than the daytime, so sometimes he would paint with candles lining his hat so he could see.	1
It can either be a hot iron brand or a freeze brand.	0
Also, the palace named "Kakhe malakeye madar" nowadays belongs to the presidency organization, and hosts the president's foreign guests.	0
Caddyshack II (1988) as Mr. Jamison	0
, there were 75 workers who commuted into the municipality and 355 workers who commuted away.	0
It was to be the second of the Star Fox series and the direct sequel to Star Fox.	0
, there were 37 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 15 businesses involved in this sector.	0
Cougar tracks show four toes on both the front and hind paws, and an M-shaped heel pad with two lobes at the top or leading edge, and three lobes at the base.	1
Analytical engineers may supervise production in factories and elsewhere, determine the causes of a process failure, and test output to maintain quality.	0
The 100,000 pages of witness testimony, photographs, film footage and audiotapes are an accumulation of over 1,600 sightings since 1954 and will include all future UFO reports obtained by the agency, through its GEIPAN unit.	0
Pikachu is voiced by Ikue Outani.	1
He has naturally blonde hair and blue eyes.	1
Mac OS X 10.5 has improved support for OpenType and supports Arabic OpenType fonts.	0
Encyclopedia of terrorism and political violence (1987)	0
The laws of physics dictate that if you stood inside a Harry Potter invisibility cloak, you wouldn't be able to see out.	1
The SX was no longer available in the United Kingdom, and limited numbers are known to exist in the Republic of Ireland in RHD format.	0
Shortly after Wharton saw it, the villa was purchased in 1895 by Princess Jeanne Ghyka, sister of Queen Natalia of Serbia, who lived here with her American companion, Miss Blood, and thoroughly restored it;.	0
The Sea Shall Not Have Them (1954)	0
At age 15, Hardy made his film début in a German picture, The Young Eagles, but his acting career was interrupted when he was conscripted into the German Wehrmacht in 1944 at age 16.	0
Homer Simpson works at a nuclear plant where he earns a modest salary less than $25,000.	1
During this period, Zhao Tuo openly referred to himself as Emperor and launched an attack against the Kingdom of Changsha, a feudal state of the Han Dynasty, and Han troops were sent to engage Nanyue.	0
Paraoa Atoll is oval in shape.	0
The Coachella Valley fringe-toed lizard is restricted to habitats with fine, windblown sand deposits in the sandy plains of the Coachella Valley, Riverside County, California.	0
The composite may contain other fibers, such as aramid e.g.	0
Their cells (nematocysts) inject anything that brushes against them with toxins, which cause the sting.	1
The Curtis act of 1898 expanded the powers of the federal government over Indian affairs.	0
Historians believe that every species of the cat family came from one of just five different wild cats from Africa.	1
San Sebastian is a church in ruins located on the San Gregorio hill.	0
Clothes dried outside smell better because of a process called photolysis (sunlight breaks down compounds that cause odor)	1
The book was written by Samuel and Bella Spewack.	0
She also owns a Dassault Falcon 900 private jet – and an airport hangar at Nashville International Airport!	1
There is an Alevi community served by the Erikli Baba Cemevi	0
When travelling through water, sound moves around four times faster than when it travels through the air!	1
Austin: University of Texas Press, 2009.	0
He left Shahin after the team's relegation to the Azadegan League.	0
Active volcanoes on Io are named after fire, sun or thunder gods or heroes.	0
There has been a huge surge in merchandise from clothing, graphic novels, jewellery, perfumes and much more.	1
General der Flieger – 19 July 1940	0
Bronze tools did not chip and break like stone tools and could be formed more easily.	1
The theme song of the film is "Amazuppai Haru ni Sakura Saku" by Berryz Kobo and Cute.	0
Two cases of leopards killing cheetahs have been reported in 2014.	0
Anglo-French forces were withdrawn by 22 December.	0
Blue is often used to decorate offices because research has shown that people are more productive in blue rooms.	1
He won a gold medal as part of the City of London Police tug-of-war team in the 1908 Olympic Games in London.	0
The currently recognized species in this genus are:	0
Florence Meyer Blumenthal had married international financier George Blumenthal in 1898 and in 1919, she organized what was originally called the La Fondation américaine Blumenthal pour la pensée et l’art français (American Foundation for French Art and Thought) &mdash; a name suggested by her friend, Paul Valéry, the poet and essayist &mdash; and what ultimately became Fondation franco-américaine Florence Blumenthal.	0
Grand Cayman offers some of the world’s premier snorkelling and SCUBA locations.	0
In 1926, a decree was issued in Mexico that all priests had to be born there.	0
South Pacific as Luther Billis (2001)	0
They are rarely seen, but Yellowstone contains the perfect habitat for mountain lions.	0
There are more than 10,000 varieties of tomatoes.	1
EveAnthonyTelevision series (Episode "Diva Day Care")	0
Ludvig Nobel (1831–1888), Sweden/Russia – first successful oil tanker	0
A village school house was built in 1863.	0
HPD HR28TT 2.8 L Turbo V6	0
In Kalamazoo in 2011, the construction of a vehicle came to an end – this vehicle was an F-150 truck which became the “Big Banana Car.” At almost 23 feet (7 meters) long and 9.8 feet (3 meters) tall, this car has a top speed of around 85mph (136.8km/h).	1
Immunohistochemistry staining of tissue specimens shows linear IgG deposits.	0
The first-year Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire won the Cup with a dramatic 2-1 overtime victory over the Columbus Crew at Soldier Field in Chicago, Illinois.	0
Up until this point, he had played every minute of every game for Newcastle all season.	0
"Think Twice" won the Ivor Novello Award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically and "To Love You More" received the International Single Grand Prix at the Japan Gold Disc Awards.	0
Told the umpire he was wrong,	0
This line-up issued the CD-EP How to Make Gravy, with the title track earning Kelly a 'Song of the Year' nomination at the 1998 Australasian Performing Rights Association (APRA) Music Awards.	0
National Museum of Western Art, Tokyo	0
Using both the 16 in and 5 in guns New Jersey engaged and destroyed 13 structures and an artillery site, in the process halting an enemy platoon moving through the DMZ.	0
The actual development work of standards is done by the ASAM Project Groups.	0
In 1986 the Salorn Breed was officially established, with precise	0
In the English language there is more than 40 words for the Cougar.	1
He was on the starting lineup for 23 of his 29 games with the Sonics that season.	0
Fans of the franchise are known as ‘Twihards’.	1
Their over-sized noses allow the male Proboscis monkeys to make loud bellowing noises to warn of predators or to attract mates.	1
Only casts in bronze from the originals in precious metal survive, although it is known that at least some medals were also set with jewels, and these may well have been worn on a chain.	0
The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels – so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.	1
Reaching sizes up to 1.1 m (43 in), haddock is fished year-round.	1
Selinus, a Doric city whose territory bordered Theron's domain, also became a Carthaginian ally – perhaps the fear of Theron and the destruction of Megara (mother city of, Selinus), by Gelo, had played a part in this decision.	0
A thyristor is a two- to four-lead solid-state semiconductor device with four layers of alternating N and P-type material.	0
If more prey of a higher quality is available, more nutrients are available to the leopards, and so the growth potential is higher.	0
In the city the population was spread out with 25.1% under the age of 18, 13.3% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older.	0
The hyoid bone in your throat is the only bone in your body not attached to any other	1
Bronze is a mixture of mainly copper and tin: usually nine parts copper to one part tin.	1
In 2004, Aston Merrygold was cast as Cookie in ITV’s Fun Song Factory.	1
He was able to capture some of them, and confine them in bottles.	0
In 2013, the product made news in North America, with women complaining of severe side effects leading to surgical extraction.	0
In the small final, Flisar finished on the 2nd place, thus finishing 6th overall and improving his achievement from Vancouver, where he was 8th.	0
On November 25, 1988, four boys, including a 17-year-old whose name was Jō and was later given the surname Kamisaku, Kamisaku was sentenced to seven years in prison for the beating.	0
1969European ChampionshipBelgiumFireball 4161Peter Bateman & Julian Brooke-HoughtonUnited Kingdom	0
He has a total of 17 platinum and three gold certifications for albums and singles in Australia.	0
Although some abolitionists did call for slave revolts, no evidence of any other Brown-like conspiracy has been discovered.	0
The M’s in M &amp; M’s stand for ‘Mars &amp; Murrie’, the co-creators of the candy.	1
Étaín (modern spelling: Éadaoin) is a figure of Irish mythology, best known as the heroine of Tochmarc Étaíne (The Wooing Of Étaín), one of the oldest and richest stories of the Mythological Cycle.	0
Burma's politics is dominated by a military Junta, which has sidelined the democratic forces led by Aung San Suu Kyi.	0
The Little Mexican Toad (Bufo kelloggi) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.	0
Nearly everything in his studio is designed and made custom by himself.	1
Statues of notable figures in the city's history decorate its exterior, that of Agricola, founder of the Roman fort is over the main door and over its gable is a statue of St George.	0
The first match was played on 30 March 2008 and the last matches were played on 9 November 2008.	0
The character's magic level is also tracked by a meter and regenerates over time.	0
Complex networks can be grouped into a single meta-operator node which behaves like a class definition, and can be instantiated in other networks like any compiled node.	0
His mutant powers became apparent when he was kidnapped by the Living Pharaoh, who declared Alex the only being able to rival his power.	0
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times	1
Over the years, Taylor’s had many nicknames, some of which are: Tay, Swifty, T-Swift, T-Swizzle and T-Sweezy.	1
be recommended by the Merit Review Board.	0
"Le Furet Du Bois Joli" (Composed by Pierre De Berville, Arranged by Evan Chen)	0
The population has been increasing since 1999.	0
Domino's Pizza UK and Fisher & Paykel UK (fridges) are in Kingston, Milton Keynes Village, and Duravit UK (bathroom plumbing) are to the south.	0
Xinyi Subdistrict, Hegang (新一街道), in Dongshan District, Hegang, Heilongjiang	0
From references in his pamphlets, Dekker is believed to have been born in London around 1572, but nothing is known for certain about his youth.	0
It is the administrative center of the Luhyny Raion.	0
What will not poor forsaken women try?	0
After winning one race a piece over the next three years, Wallace put together four wins and won nine Bud Pole Awards in 2000, the highest total of his career.	0
Thereafter he spent a major part of his life developing his theory.	0
On average, brushing your teeth for three minutes will burn 10 Calories.	1
The overall effect is in the impressionist style, not unlike a work of Debussy; in fact, many of the movements are similar in style and sound.	0
At the beginning of 1943, the money received by Combat from London went up to five million Francs, of which Libération received 1.5 million, and Franc-Tireur, just under a million.	0
St Giles' Church, Camberwell, London (1841–44)	0
They process things faster while playing video games or sports!	1
Both Allawi's office and Naqib have denied the report.	0
Closely linked to the history of Heubach is the evolvement of Hirschbrauerei Heubach, the long-established local brewery.	0
The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% White, 0.5% African American, 0.5% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.3% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races.	0
Justin Roiland has also said that Sarah Chalke can burp on command and that he’s very jealous of her.	1
Hay continued his involvement in gay activism, involving himself in the foundation of the Los Angeles branch of the Gay Liberation Front (GLF) in 1969, before leaving this to move to New Mexico.	0
Chicago became the railroad hub for the American West and the primary trading city for the emerging territories, famous for its commercial culture.	0
When the babysitter of Mrs. Pedulla, who is wealthy and is setting up his mother with a surgeon, calls in sick, he reluctantly takes the babysitting job of the spoiled kids.	0
Cardoso, often nicknamed "FHC", was elected with the support of a heterodox alliance of his own Social Democratic Party, the PSDB, and two right-wing parties, the Liberal Front Party (PFL) and the Brazilian Labour Party (PTB).	0
While the North and South Rim are only 10 miles apart, it takes about 5 hours to drive from one side to the other, crossing 215 miles to loop around the canyon.	1
Racing - Project Gotham Racing 2	0
Steven Yeun is 5′ 9″ tall (1.75 m).	1
The hot reception resulted in only two of the planned eight CH-47's landing in the LZ.	0
Over the next four years, the ship participated in the normal series of squadron and fleet maneuvers and training cruises.	0
Individuals can grow up to 20 cm in length, although the average length is somewhat smaller, with females typically growing larger than males.	0
Jack Sheppard was the only person to attend his funeral.	1
The objective of the organization was to unite various European conservative and Christian Democratic political organizations which formed in several Western European states during postwar reconstruction, the emerging Cold War and the beginnings of what would later be called European integration.	0
Here&apos;s to Future Days, Thompson Twins, (1985)	0
However, with the growing popularity of Texas hold &apos;em and other poker games, Rounders has become a cult hit.	0
The N Seoul Tower, ( ), officially the YTN Seoul Tower and commonly known as the Namsan Tower or Seoul Tower, is a communication and observation tower located on Namsan Mountain in central Seoul, South Korea.	0
The rocket installations were light enough to be carried by single seat fighters, giving them the punch of a cruiser.	0
According to The World Spider Catalog, Version 12.5:	0
Around 7.5 billion feet of denim fabric is produced every single year.	1
Mixed By – Michael Buyens, René Rutten, Zlaya Hadzich	0
The school is owned by the Crown naval charity, Greenwich Hospital and as a result provides a number of means-tested bursaries for families with a seafaring background.	0
Wonder World Amusement Park (Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DS, Wii)	0
Munnar town is situated on the Kannan Devan Hills village in Devikulam taluk and is the largest panchayat in the Idukki district in Kerala having an area measuring nearly 557 km².	0
Ombrophobia is the fear of rain	1
This agreement known as the Brazzaville Protocol established a Joint Monitoring Commission (JMC), with the United States and the Soviet Union as observers, to oversee implementation of the accords.	0
The statues are made of bronze and their height is 7 meters.	1
He stayed for four months under his real name, Samuel Clemens, writing letters back to the Sacramento Union describing the islands.	0
This song was also #83 on MTV Asia 's list of Top 100 Hits of 2007.	0
The odds of having quadruplets are 1 in 729,000.	1
The first country to build drones was Israel, with Israel Aerospace Industries heading the charge in terms of export numbers.	1
The name ‘‘‘Proteaceae’’’ by Antoine Laurent de Jussieu in 1789 was based on the genus ‘‘Protea’’, which in 1767 Carl Linnaeus derived from the name of the Greek god Proteus, a deity that was able to change between many forms.	0
Large scale Chinese immigration did not occur until the passage of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965.	0
They did not go to check and see if the tomb was empty.	0
Rockefeller was the subject of the December 2, 1966, cover of Time magazine.	0
Women blink twice as much as men	1
If you sneeze while travelling at 60 mph your eyes are closed for an average of 50 feet.	1
His band The Kids once opened for rocker, Iggy Pop.	1
Justin didn’t shed a tear when he got his first tattoo, and said it hurt, but not that bad.	1
Snoring typically consists of vibration of the uvula and the soft palate (velum).	0
The work ends with a joyful chorus.	0
The novel was the inspiration for the television show, Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	1
Since his death in 1991, the Beethoven Kurse has continued under the organization of the Wilhelm Kempff Kulturstiftung, having had as teachers Gerhard Oppitz and John O&apos;Conor.	0
From 1957 to 1976 he was a member of the Bundestag and from December 7, 1971 to 1972, Achenbach served as Vice Chairman of the FDP.	0
As seen by the design, the aliens were modeled after octopuses, squids and crabs!	1
Psychologists say: after being disappointed so many times, you begin to lose hope in everything.	1
Its research focuses on: water availability and access, including adaptation to climate change; how water is used and how it can be used more productively; water quality and its relationship to health and the environment; and how societies govern their water resources.	0
He was in 1994 appointed as governor general by Queen Elizabeth II, on the recommendation of Prime Minister of Canada Jean Chrétien, to replace Ramon John Hnatyshyn as viceroy, and he occupied the post until succeeded by Adrienne Clarkson in 1999, citing his health as the reason for his stepping down.	0
Santa Gertrudis cattle are known the world over for their ability to adapt to harsh climates.	1
Claire Schreiner, Miss Wyoming USA 2010.	0
Putting broken pottery in plant pots doesn't aid drainage.	1
Carr's work is referenced in the 1985 romantic-drama film Turtle Diary.	0
Where freshwater flows create a less salty brackish environment the mangrove palm Nypa fruticans is common, together with Xylocarpus granatum and Heritiera littoralis.	0
He appeared in the original Broadway cast of One More River (1960).	0
San Salvador has many restaurants, and at any given time of the day most restaurants are open, with people eating.	0
As the player moves around the game, different sections of the megatexture are loaded into memory.	0
All heads of Municipalities are substituted.	0
Ramanujan, A. K. Speaking of Śiva.	0
The next platoon came along and bayoneted these Japanese."	0
and believe that the present world is predominantly ‘body-conscious’ and therefore requires total transformation.	0
It was certified platinum by the RIAA, and was ranked 36 on the Hot 100 year-end charts for 1999.	0
Wilhelm Rontgen won the first Nobel Prize in physics for discovering X-rays in 1895!	1
23 SEP 2005 Paraguay 82 - 8 Colombia	0
Aaron Paul’s big break was in 2007 when he was cast to play on the HBO series Big Love as Amanda Seyfried’s boyfriend/husband.	1
The acid in the stomach is strong enough to dissolve zinc.	1
At one point, she wants to divorce her husband, but they later reconcile.	0
Intelligent women have a lower tolerance for drama which is why they seek out friendships with more men than other women.	1
Jerseys can be horned or polled, with horns often being short and curving upwards.	0
Over 3.5 million people around the world visit Yosemite every year.	1
Ico, his daughter, and Guanarame, her consort, succeeded Zonzamas.	0
It is considered to be the smallest of the big cats.	1
Emma Watson is of British and Turkish descent, and while her parents are both lawyers, they both separated early on in her childhood.	1
His full name is Sam Trammell.	1
Viggo Mortensen did all of his own stunts and used a real steel sword while filming, rather than one made from aluminium and rubber like the rest of the cast!	1
Never be afraid of death… be afraid of an unlived life.	1
Jorge was the only main cast member to attend the LOST2014 fan gathering in Oahu, which was exactly 10 years after Oceanic Flight 815 crashed.	1
The founding directors of the Institut, Kurt Ringhofer and Robert Walter, held their posts until their deaths respectively in 1993 and 2010.	0
11.5 June 2013Estadio Centenario, Montevideo, Uruguay 1–00Friendly	0
The arena hosted the baskbetball preliminary matches and the handball finals.	0
She has an older sister called Dallas, and a younger step-sister called Madison.	1
Males occupy territories that often overlap with a few smaller female territories, probably as a strategy to enhance access to females.	0
Before the 2010 boundary changes there were five constituencies in Cornwall, all of which were won by Liberal Democrats in the 2005 general election.	0
He wrote his first love song at the age of 14.	1
Its overarching goal was to speed the translation of data into discovery and thereby the value of research.	0
For instance, in North America and Europe, although the vector Anopheles mosquitoes are still present, the parasite has been eliminated.	0
The British team seemed to be keeping up with the leaders, passing efficiently.	0
"I Think They Like Me (So So Def Remix)" (Feat.	0
The period from early 1946 to 1984 would see him regularly return to the choir as a soloist and was singing with Ivan Zadorozny, Volodymyr Bozyk and Hryhory Kytasty.	0
The anis have massive bills and smooth glossy feathers.	0
At the 1896 event, silver was awarded to winners and bronze to runners-up, while at 1900 other prizes were given, not medals.	0
Via Rail Canada takes over operations of the Super Continental passenger train from Canadian National.	0
After a lengthy trial in Paris, Legros was sentenced to four years in prison and was immediately set free, having already spent an equivalent time in various jails.	0
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de Hachiyō Shō (2004), Takamichi's mother (ep 20)	0
Traditional dishes in the region include:	0
from: 26/09/2007 till: 24/09/2008 color:green text:"Fukuda" fontsize:10	0
Red Bull Cola, introduced in 2008, is made with all natural ingredients.	1
Reindeer’s hairs are hollow inside like a tube!	1
While workers were going through the debris, they found 65,000 items including 437 watches and 144 wedding rings.	1
As a failed singer, Beethoven’s father pushed his own hopes on his son by forcing him to practice for hours on end every day.	1
They can swim up to the speed of forty miles an hour!	1
The treaty defined the areas of Spanish and Portuguese influence in Asia to resolve the "Moluccas issue", when both kingdoms claimed the Moluccas islands for themselves, considering it within their exploration area established by the Treaty of Tordesillas in 1494.	0
The star of the Order is a silver eight-pointed star with straight rays, with the phoenix at the centre; during the Monarchy it was topped by a crown.	0
III: Fission and Beta-Delayed Decay Modes.	0
But Saul proves unworthy and God's choice turns to David, who defeats Israel's enemies and brings the Ark to Jerusalem.	0
The Australian aircraft carrier QANTAS stands for Queensland And Northern Territories Aerial Service	1
Bishop Vilhelm had just begun the mass when he was told the king lay humbled at the door.	0
Mojzer Miklós: Tanulmányok a Keresztény Múzeumban II.	0
The 782d flew missions with the 317th TCW until at Toul AB allowed the squadron to use the facilities.	0
Although Sam, having fallen into deep guilt and despair due to constant reminders from Dean of how he'd failed him, wants to finish the trials anyway, Dean convinces him to let it go.	0
It can be found throughout the Indo-Pacific.	0
Gardens such as the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew (1759) and , Tenerife (1788) and the Real Jardín Botánico de Madrid (1755) were set up to cultivate new species returned from expeditions to the tropics; they also helped found new tropical botanical gardens.	0
Greenway went to record with Extreme Noise Terror (the ENT release Damage 381 features Barney on lead vocals) and ENT's main singer Phil Vane went to fill vocals slot in Napalm Death.	0
Phantom Vibration Syndrome is the name given when someone thinks their phone is vibrating but isn’t.	1
Bernstein, Jeremy Hitler's Uranium Club: The Secret Recordings at Farm Hall (Copernicus, 2001) ISBN 0-387-95089-3	0
Marks goes to Germany and drives the car with the stash inside across the borders himself, simply driving through customs.	0
After Strummer's departure, the remaining seven Pogues recorded in 1993 Waiting for Herb, which contained the band's third and final top twenty single, "Tuesday Morning", which became their best-selling single internationally.	0
Most of the serial killers are born in November!	1
The large colorful “tail” which they have become known for, is actually called a “train”.	1
That the first MTV video played was 'Video killed the radio star' by the Buggles	1
He was born at Château de Vincennes.	0
You burn more calories sleeping than watching TV	1
In Gabriel García Márquez's novel One Hundred Years of Solitude, the founder and patriarch of the Macondo community bears the name José Arcadio Buendía.	0
The Seychelles Sucker-tailed Gecko (Urocotyledon inexpectata) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.	0
This succeeded for 1928, with Germany taking part in both games.	0
Leaf infusions are used in respiratory diseases and are a popular remedy for whooping cough.	0
The first known printed source of the legend of Faust is a small chapbook bearing the title Historia von D. Johann Fausten, published in 1587.	0
09:00- Men's Qualification Day 2 (Subdivision 6)	0
The book reveals that Rouletabille is the nickname of 18-year-old journalist Joseph Josephin, who was raised in a religious orphanage in Eu, a small town near Fécamp.	0
In 1835, Pie entered the seminary of St. Sulpice, where he remained for four years.	0
Lions have the loudest roar of all big cats and can be heard up to 8km away.	1
Wildwood, New Jersey-based NBC affiliate WMGM-TV (channel 40) picked up the pre-empted ABC shows until 1987, when those programs moved back to channel 29, which was now WTXF-TV.	0
Word of the appointment of a new governor and of the offer of pardons reached Nassau ahead of Rogers and his forces.	0
(1996) The Challenger Launch Decision: Risky Technology, Culture and Deviance at NASA.	0
Cows have almost total 360 degree panoramic vision and are able to see colors, except red.	1
Young or sick reindeer are often targeted by predators, such as wolves.	1
File:Temppeliaukio Church 2.jpg|Church organ from the balcony	0
Miguel Angel Torres (born January 18, 1981) is a Mexican-American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the World Series of Fighting's Bantamweight division.	0
Side platform, doors will open on the right	0
When Stephen switched from a pro-Byzantine position to cooperation with Iran, his religious sympathies shifted toward anti-Chalcedonism, leading to its official adoption by the catholicos of Iberia in 598 or 599.	0
| Ancourteville-sur-Héricourt || align="right" | 218 || align="right" | 76560 || align="right" | 76009	0
On Wednesday 1st June 2016 NASA met social media, broadcasting a chat between Mark Zuckerberg and 3 astronauts aboard the ISS on their Facebook page.	1
Because of that, it was able to deliver different kinds of messages that were perceived differently by viewers.	0
In 2005 the Appalachian Education Initiative listed Myers as one of 50 "Outstanding Creative Artists" from the State of West Virginia and featured him in their coffeetable book "Art & Soul".	0
He had a strong rookie season, winning Rookie of the Year honors and was a big part of the Tampa Bay Rays playoff push in 2013.	0
The “Suicide Burger” is an off-menu 800 calorie artery clogger consisting of four burger patties and cheese slices, bacon, and special sauce.	1
Amherst, MA: University of Massachusetts Press, 1998.	0
Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu (born 1 August 1976) is a Romanian-born German chess grandmaster.	0
The end of a hammer head opposite the striking face is called the peen.	1
A radioactive isotope of gold (gold-198) is used for treating cancer.	1
In non-hunted populations, such as in Yellowstone, the resident adult males living in an area the longest are the dominant males.	0
Later, more complex methods were used to allow multiple miners to work together and search larger amounts of gravel for gold.	0
In 1918, after the Habsburg defeat in the First World War, the northern Podunavlje was also included into the Kingdom of Serbia, which subsequently became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later renamed to Yugoslavia).	0
First Americans in the Arts honored Jay Silverheels with their Life Achievement Award.	0
Cows can weigh 1,350 lb., and 85 lb.	0
Pikachu is voiced by Ikue Outani.	1
Like the others, he keeps himself restrained on the full moon and wants their curse to finally end.	0
This tactic provides a useful way of quickly levelling up a player who has just entered the game, and may be essential in a storyline where a particular attribute is needed to provide an immunity and not all of the players have that attribute.	0
By edict, he was raised above his colleagues, to the title of Ichi no Hito, or First Subject.	0
The song "Jonathan" is inspired by Richard Bach's 1972 novel, Jonathan Livingston Seagull.	0
Ashburton was a trustee of the British Museum and of the National Gallery, a privy councillor and D.C.L.	0
He was a key player in Birmingham's 3–2 win against Wigan Athletic on 27 October 2007 in which he made his full home debut.	0
It is important, therefore, that users of refractometers either make sure the sample and prism of the instrument are both at very close to 20 °C or, if that is difficult to insure, readings should be taken at 2 temperatures separated by a few degrees, the change per degree noted and the final recorded value referenced to 20°C using the Bx vs. Temp slope information.	0
Until 1939, if a Guinness brewer wanted to marry a Catholic, their resignation was requested.	1
England won the shortest war in history; the war broke out between England and Zanzibar in 1896… Zanzibar surrendered after an astonishing 38 minutes.	1
He has written three novels, two collections of short stories and a book about his wedding.	0
A second (and sometimes third) section of the PHE is added to remove the remaining heat with a mixture of chilled pure water and propylene glycol.	0
Salvador entered the NHL with a reputation as a gritty defenseman and engaged in three fights in his first 15 games.	0
It thwarted every attempt by police to keep it at the local police station; the motorcycle was always returned to the same spot before dawn.	0
In 1925, the tufted puffin (Fratercula cirrhata), horned puffin (Fratercula corniculata), parakeet auklets (Aethia psittacula), and Pallas' murre (Uria lomvia arra) were reported at Fairway Rock, nesting in the crevices of the island's cliffs.	0
It would appear that existing scripts provided his inspiration, even if he did not fully understand them, much as the Roman alphabet inspired the illiterate Sequoyah when he invented the Cherokee script, in a process called trans-cultural diffusion.	0
They have scent glands in their wrists.	1
A group of jellyfish is known as a ‘bloom’.	1
Alberto Collo and Emilio Ghione, who would become two of the most famous Italian actors of the 1910s, and Deed's future wife, Valentina Frascaroli, were amongst the supporting cast in these films.	0
He chose instead to focus on political science and economics.	0
There, Muriel left her husband and married Renato "Ray" Tonelli, an Italian immigrant labourer.	0
A woman named Glenda Blackwell once bought a scratch-off lottery ticket to prove to her husband that it was a waste of money and she ended up winning $1 million.	1
Before the assassination of President Kennedy, it was not a Federal offense to kill the President or Vice President of the United States.	1
Malaysians have a word for the time it takes to eat a banana, "pisan zapra".	1
Fans of Meyer celebrate Stephanie Meyer Day on 13th September (character Bella Swan’s birthday).	1
Leopards have been observed walking 1–25 km (0.62–15.53 mi) across their range at night; they may even wander up to 75 km (47 mi) if disturbed.	0
Taylor is approximately 5’6″ tall (1.7 meters).	1
As a manager, Van Geneugden had most of his successes with Oud-Heverlee Leuven, leading them to the Belgian Second Division title in 2010-11, hence gaining promotion to the 1st division for season 2011-12, he was rewarded with a contract extension to 2015.	0
Women in Medieval England used to tie mistletoe around their waists in the hope that it would make them more fertile.	1
"Parliament – Discovery of the Bendigo Gold-Field".	0
Namak-ri is a small town in Samhyang-myeon, which is part of Muan County in South Jeolla province of South Korea.	0
Adults have greyish-olive upperparts, darker on the wings and tail, with whitish underparts; they have a conspicuous white eye ring, white wing bars, a small, short bill and a short tail.	0
Peafowl do not enjoy living alone, and tend to stay within small groups as they are highly sociable and dependent birds.	1
Between 1984 and 1985, she was a member of the League of Arab States Working Group for Formulating the Arab Strategy for Social Development.	0
The lotus is featured in Asian art and is a major symbol in Buddhism and Hinduism and was showcased in ancient Egyptian architecture.	1
Just what could a civilization do with a ten-million, one-hundred-million, or half-billion-year head start?	0
Part of the group for this survey was Captain L. S. Scott, who had been in charge of Fort Hoskins during part of the Civil War.	0
Since the 1942–43 season, there had only been six teams in the NHL, but this was to be the last season of the Original Six as six more teams were added for the 1967–68 season.	0
Tip: Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while playing games.	1
"When Kate And I Were Comin' Thro' The Rye" w. Andrew B.	0
Music publisher Tommy Valando introduced Ebb to Kander in 1962.	0
An MEP since 1980, he has held many leadership positions in German and European politics.	0
This left Australia a target of 225.	0
The design was selected in a contest held by the local authorities under Doge of Venice Pasquale Cicogna.	0
Several tracks on the album feature co-writing and production from Naughty Boy, and collaborations with Emeli Sandé and Chasing Grace, on the tracks "Roses" and "Certain Things" respectively.	0
A lobster’s blood is colourless but when exposed to oxygen it turns blue!	1
color:miocene bar:NAM2 from: -11.608 till: 0 text: Polydactylus	0
Dubnica nad Váhom ( ; Slovak before 1927: Dubnica, , , before 1899 Dubnic(z)) is a town in the Ilava District, Trenčín Region in Slovakia.	0
1987: Orient (Timna Brauer & Elias Meiri Ensemble)	0
"It is not a case of choosing those that, to the best of one's judgment, are really the prettiest, nor even those that average opinion genuinely thinks the prettiest.	0
After finding him on Earth, Faora is responsible for bringing Kal-El and Lois Lane aboard Zod's ship.	0
During the 1950s, the possibility to close the branch to Delta del Tigre began to be considered by the national government.	0
It is the most given color for sending flowers to someone.	1
A small part of the curtain wall survives at the junction of Castle Dyke and Bath Row.	0
Facebook took 2 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.	1
Scholars have disagreed on the military value of the ceorl, but it is not surprising that all free men would fight, since defeat might have meant slavery.	0
There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.	1
Arundel had petitioned the king for restoration of the ancestral Dukedom of Norfolk.	0
He mounted the scaffold and addressed the audience, telling them that he knew he had broken the law, but that morally, and in the eyes of his religion, he had committed no offence.	0
The main crop is pearl millet but sorghum (Sorghum bicolor) and black-eyed peas are also grown.	0
As a teen, Cardi B held a job at a supermarket in Lower Manhattan.	1
Published by Pilgrim Press (Cleveland, Ohio) in 1999 (ISBN 0-82981-307-1).	0
Samuel L. Jackson said that he would only play Mace Windu in Star Wars if he had a purple lightsaber!	1
When the Turkish Wars ended in 1606, he remained in the service of Rudolf II in Prague until he was appointed commander of the Catholic League forces by Bavaria under Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria in 1610.	0
However, in January 2008, government officials began working on export policy to allow international sales of the ARH-70.	0
In Georgia corruption had been allowed to grow nearly freely.	0
For read or write operations, the client then interprets the layout in the logical object volume (LOV) layer, which maps the offset and size to one or more objects, each residing on a separate OST.	0
Nyungwe forest has a wide diversity of animal species, making it a priority for conservation in Africa.	0
In 14th-century England, some children were baptised in cider.	1
On May 12th, 1974 the first world premiere of a ballet by John Neumeier took place in Hamburg.	0
In Roman Circuses the zebra was usually called a ‘Tiger-Horse’ or a ‘Horse-Tiger’.	1
The Office of Hawaiian Affairs of the state of Hawaii, created in 1978, limited voting eligibility and candidate eligibility to the native Hawaiians on whose behalf it manages of ceded land.	0
Young Mountain Lions stay with their mothers for about 15 months.	1
One early review of Crysis 2 was published by Official Xbox Magazine, which gave the game a 9/10.	0
In July 1965, he stood in the first-ever party leadership election but came a distant third to Edward Heath, obtaining only 15 votes, just below the result Hugh Fraser would gain in the 1975 contest.	0
Devon Bull gained one pound for each 5.22 pounds of 60% TDN ration consumed.	0
While attending King Edward’s school, he was one of a number of cadets who helped line the route for the coronation of King George V.	1
"My dad suggested I register for a donor card, he's a man after my own heart" was voted the funniest joke of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.	1
Caterpie was the first Pokémon to be seen evolving in the animé.	1
Demi is of Hispanic, Italian and Irish heritage.	1
He was paid $30 million for his role in Ocean’s Eleven.	1
But can it really be that simple?	0
An Australian anarchist bookshop, Jura Books, has named their library collection The Fanya Baron Library in honour of her courage and sacrifice for anarchist revolution.	0
The target of Flight 93 isn’t known for sure, but was believed to be on the way to attack the White House, the U.S. Capitol, the Camp David presidential retreat, or one of several nuclear power plans on the East coast.	1
At present, Apple is the largest publicly traded company in the United States.	1
Charlie is the face of a Back to School Jeans campaign for fashion giant Hollister.	1
At the same time, the number of impacts between ionized and neutral particles is reduced.	0
The incident is also called the Horeki Age River Improvement Incident and the Nobi Plain River Improvement Incident.	0
Sligo Abbey, the Dominican Friary, is the only medieval building left standing in the town.	0
Légaré escorted a total of 235 Sioux to Fort Buford and later petitioned both the Canadian and American governments for reimbursement.	0
In June 1948, it was on the top of 20th Century Fox' list of films to be produced over the following ten months.	0
Field peas are used in factories, for freezing.	1
Her conscience gets the better of her and she breaks off the affair.	0
Prior to World War II, soldiers served voluntarily and were paid "capitation grants" according to efficiency ratings without regard to race.	0
Pumas can reach speeds up to 45 mph (72 km/h), but they do best at short and powerful sprints as opposed to long distance runs.	1
He was featured in the documentary King Corn, recognized as the person who started the rise of corn production, large commercial farms, and the abundance of corn in American diets.	0
ECM is primarily aimed at managing the life-cycle of information from initial publication or creation all the way through archival and eventually disposal.	0
Her flower is the sunflower and her gemstone is a green peridot.	0
Fifth Harmony actually headlined the popular MTV Artists to Watch convert on 23rd January 2014.	1
Even if they had determined that the samples contained gold, however, it was not payable gold.	0
Known for decades after World War II as "Bulevar Revolucije" (Boulevard of the Revolution), it is so distinct in the Belgraders' hearts and minds that they simply refer to it as the Bulevar, although there are 20 boulevards in Belgrade.	0
It served as a new office and residence for the Bernese Landvögte after the destruction of the previous building dating to the 14th century in a fire in 1518.	0
2003-04, 2006–07, 2007–08, 2008–09, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012-13	0
Reindeer are herbivores and have four chambered stomachs.	1
Over 3,000 comets are known to exist in our solar system at this time.	1
He was one of six children!	1
Lucky Stiff (1988) (Book and Lyrics)	0
The Mystery of the Yeti / Mystical Experiences (Reissue) – TIP World (2004)	0
Gerrit uses Google Web Toolkit to generate front-end JavaScript code from Java source.	0
The English word for red panda is ‘Firefox’ which is where the browser gets its name from – this means the Firefox logo is actually a red panda, not a fox!	1
The only episode that he does not appear nor is mentioned is Four Great Women and a Manicure.	1
It starred Christopher Reeve and Judd Hirsch, with Donald Pleasence as an SS villain.	0
William McKinley: When William McKinley’s wife suffered epileptic seizures at public events and dinners, he would just drape his handkerchief over her face.	1
Grohl called up Hawkins to recommend a new drummer, and to Grohl's surprise, Hawkins volunteered himself.	0
At the Capitol Summertime Ball, he performed for over 80,000 fans.	1
Eero Markkanen, who was responsible for scoring the most goals pre-season, was injured in the season opener and injuries plagued the team throughout the season.	0
The difference is related to the PAX9 gene (and perhaps other genes).	0
Martina Hingis defeated Lindsay Davenport 7-5, 6-4, 4-6, 6-2	0
Actor Christopher Lee has been in 11 Dracula roles.	1
The building was opened to the public July 1, 1973.	0
Marvel’s Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.	1
This work is the earliest surviving detailed contemporary report of an English state-trial; some have doubted its authenticity, however, claiming St-Calais would not have been as knowledgeable in canon law as the work portrays him.	0
With a limited American release starting December 3, 2004, it grossed $72,541.	0
Deltoid muscle tears are unusual and frequently related to traumatic shoulder dislocation or massive rotator cuff tears.	0
Fatal attacks on humans are rare, but have recently been increasing in North America as more people enter cougar territories.	1
The majority 99% of the population of the commune are farmers.	0
In Codex Colbertinus he is named Zoatham.	0
Boa Vista or Boavista (Portuguese meaning "good view") may refer to:	0
73June 19@Marlins Zack Wheeler (3–7)Andrew Heaney (0–1) Marlins Park (20,334)33–40	0
Google’s new employees are known as Nooglers, they are required to wear blue, yellow and red hats at their first company-wide meeting.	1
Although Slowpoke’s are one of the stupidest Pokémon, its evolution, Slowking, is considered to be one of the smartest.	1
as far as what is now the southern portion of Campeche state, where their capital was located.	0
Beyoncé’s favourite ice-cream is butter pecan.	1
The aim of the Doctor of Arts degree was to shorten the time needed to complete the degree by focusing on pedagogy over research, although the Doctor of Arts still contains a significant research component.	0
Android is available in around 46 languages, this also means apps can be produced in different languages to cover a wider audience.	1
Early appearances and Lacey's Angels (2003–2007)	0
The region is connected to the Central Highlands by several national roads at Phan Rang (National Road 27 to Da Lat), Ninh Hòa, Khánh Hòa Province (26 to Buôn Ma Thuột), Tuy Hòa (25 to Pleiku via Ayun Pa) Quy Nhơn (19 to Pleiku), and western Quảng Nam Province (14/ Ho Chi Minh Road to Kon Tum).	0
These rings are made from dust, rather than ice, like the rings of Saturn.	1
Ego psychologists argue that the conflict is best addressed by the psychological agency that has the closest relationship to consciousness, unconsciousness, and reality: the ego.	0
All the members auditioned as solo artists on The X Factor and later joined together as group.	1
In 1655, the Swedish army entered the territory of the Duchy and the Northern Wars (1655–1660) began.	0
Marin Čilić, semifinalist from 2010 defeated John Isner 9–7 in the final set.	0
After hearing Judy's screams, Barb and the rest of the household attempt to save her, but they are too late.	0
Toucan’s live in Northern parts of South America, the Caribbean and Southern Mexico.	1
Once she became pharaoh herself, Hatshepsut supported her assertion that she was her father's designated successor with inscriptions on the walls of her mortuary temple:	0
“The word “gypsy” coupled with the term “punk” has interesting implications in that punk encapsulates a particular mode of rebellion, anarchy, and resistance in a Western context”	0
Franklin D. Roosevelt Park, also operated by the county, is within the CDP.	0
In addition to using "privileges of former post" (Jeon-gwan ye-u) the accused do not hesitate to lie and bribe their way to get very light sentences.	0
Museum anatomicum per decem lustra congestum, (1805).	0
The Blue Iguana, is a critically endangered species endemic to Grand Cayman.	1
In Germany, the leftist general public's insistence on further penitence prevailed, according to most observers.	0
While peacocks are not considered an endangered species at the moment, the Congo peafowl in particular has been listed as vulnerable.	1
Before unifying Italy, Giuseppe Garibaldi was a spaghetti salesman in Uruguay.	1
There are several species who are resistant to the telepathy and empathy of Betazoids, however, such as the Ferengi, the Breen and the Ulians.	0
Top Secret, Andrew Rosen, Men of Odyssey	0
Men's pairs: (Shaun Addinall, Gerald Baker)	0
List of towns in the Faroe Islands	0
"Season of the Witch" – 5:27	0
II of the Feynman Lectures on Physics.	0
The role was then recast with Scott, who took over soon after and has portrayed Nikki since.	0
Longhorn cattle of Africa and Zebu Longhorn cattle originally from India.	0
Edmund Stöhr (July 1, 2008 – March 25, 2009)	0
English-speaking members of the party founded their own chapter in Helsinki in 2004.	0
Chocolate is the only edible substance to melt around 93° F, just below body temperature causing it to melt easily on your tongue.	1
At a recent Great Western Beef Expo, a pen of South Devon's placed first on feed	0
Mainly self-taught, he attended fashionable lectures on experimental philosophy in Manchester and established his own school there in 1762.	0
He stated he was a “bookworm” in school, always trying to get the best grades.	1
There are Braille accessories for smart phones.	1
Furusato no ehon: Natsu no maki ( ).	0
Foley uses the guise of taking vacation time to head to Beverly Hills to solve the crime.	0
Cristiano Ronaldo scored against his former club in both ties.	0
Surviving relatives are present on all three continents.	0
Design Research was since purchased by Crate & Barrel and Pottery Barn, while the lower floors of the Clock Tower are now home to Ghirardelli Square's main chocolate shop.	0
Anna Katherine Popplewell (born 16 December 1988) is an English film, television and theater actress.	0
In 1994 their Father Claudio was imprisoned for legal and financial problems.	0
The word "cockpit" originates from a naval term for the where the coxswain (cox) would sit and steer the ship.	1
He was the father of the director Arthur Joffé, as well as Marion (born 1952) and Nina (born 1956).	0
Justus von Liebig publishes Die Organische Chemie in ihre Anwendung auf Agricultur und Physiologie in Braunschweig, emphasising the importance of agricultural chemistry in crop production; it will go through at least eight editions.	0
No one was injured but it caused $2 million in property damage.	0
His full name is Peter Löwenbräu Griffin.	1
Post-World War II France is a major world power with nuclear armed forces retaining a weapons stockpile of around 300 operational nuclear warheads, making it the third-largest in the world.	0
He was well read with a special interest in the arts.	0
You Me At Six was also the first concert that Connor went to.	1
88-01 on the orientation of EPA (Economic Public Enterprises);	0
Kane was born in Ventura, California and raised in Highland Park, a Los Angeles suburb.	0
The Green Lantern had a number of bizarre sidekicks including a dog, a starfish, a cabdriver, and an Eskimo named Pieface.	1
Amphisbaena neglecta Dunn & Piatt, 1936	0
bar:1971 at:519 fontsize:XS text: 519 shift:(-8,5)	0
They have over 1 million followers on Twitter and over 1.9 million likes on Facebook.	1
For 7 years, Futa had saved money for the construction, but he had to get the approval of his superiors.	0
He doesn’t mind rainy days, but loves spending time in sunny California too.	1
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.	0
Justin’s parents divorced when he was 11 months old.	1
He married Josephine, an American horse trainer who had just given birth to their first child, Bessie, and together they settled in Darwen, before moving to Gorton.	0
27 of the animals used during the filming of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey died.	1
The Grand Cayman Parrot (Amazona leucocephala caymanensis) also has a pink flush to its whitish forehead.	1
In common use, the term "shortage" may refer to a situation where most people are unable to find a desired good at an affordable price.	0
Bulata is also one of the most recognized dive spots in the region.	0
The very first bomb that the Allies dropped on Berlin in World War Two hit an elephant.	1
The creation and importance of saloons was greatly influenced by four major cities; New Orleans, St. Louis, Chicago and San Francisco.	0
Carthage maintained its dominance over the Massylii by skillful diplomatic manoeuvering, playing off local tribal and kingdom rivalries.	0
There are 31,557,600 seconds in a year	1
File:Flag of Los Ríos, Chile.svg|Flag of the XIV Los Ríos Region	0
One filming was done for Order of the Phoenix, Emma considered quitting her role because life on set was so challenging.	1
In the mid-1990s, Walker was involved in a romance with singer-songwriter Tracy Chapman: “it was delicious and lovely and wonderful and I totally enjoyed it and I was completely in love with her but it was not anybody's business but ours.”	0
Orăștie was probably destroyed between 11 and 25 April.	0
During the entire run of Gilligan’s Island, it was never revealed if “Gilligan” was his first or last name.	1
This ICAO Category II airport is the primary hub of Uzbekistan Airways, and is the largest international airport in Uzbekistan, and the busiest in Central Asia.	0
So, instead of writing Pt.X := 5; Pt.Y := Pt.X + 3 one could write with Pt do begin X := 5; Y := X + 3 end .	0
The ship's primary armament consisted of four 30.5 cm (12 in) 45-caliber guns in two twin gun turrets.	0
In America it is a federal crime to use your roommate or friend’s Netflix account.	1
Gaga dropped out of New York University when she was 19 to pursue her music career.	1
On 4 September 2007 the first revenue train to use High Speed 1 to St Pancras set a new speed record: it left Paris at 09:44 BST and arrived at St Pancras two hours three minutes and 39 seconds later.	0
San Ramon holds a rich tradition and is home to great poets (Lisimaco Chavarria) and presidents (Jose Figueres Ferrer)of the republic.	0
His comics were drawn in an expressionistic, primitivist style and usually dealt with grim subject matter such as paranoia, violent crime, and drug abuse.	0
Having poise and beauty older than her years, as a teen Dorothy was a professional photographic model for young ladies' fashions in Creed's, Hudson's Bay and Sears department store catalogues, popular in Canada.	0
1948John Bromwich Adrian QuistFrank Sedgman Colin Long1–6, 6–8, 9–7, 6–3, 8–6	0
He feels the compulsion to kill rising again, however, as his alter ego, Marshall (William Hurt) becomes more insistent.	0
Anna Dalassene ( , 1025–1102) was an important Byzantine noblewoman who played a significant role in the rise of the Komnenoi to power in the eleventh century.	0
Elm Farm Ollie was the first cow that flew on an airplane back in February 1930.	1
The video for the song was the first Spanish-language video to peak at number one on MTV's Total Request Live daily countdown.	0
The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.	1
There are more than 70 species of mushroom that glow in the dark.	1
The most important river in the department is the Samalá River, flowing through the municipalities of Cantel, El Palmar, San Carlos Sija, Quetzaltenango, San Juan Ostuncalco and Zunil.	0
She was pronounced dead at 3:55PM (PST).	1
Although Madison would reaffirm his love for Heather during the final battle with Llan, the discovery that Guardian was, in fact, alive would bring an end to the engagement.	0
The youngest person to ever appear on the Billboard charts was Blue Ivy, Jay-Z and Beyonc 's daughter, at the age of 2 days old.	1
The two had daughter, Ida, who was born on August 13, 2001.	0
While performing at Glastonbury Festival in 2011, she performed on a gilt throne after rupturing tendons in her foot, at the Capital Radio Summertime Ball.	1
It takes 110 silkworm cocoons to make an average tie	1
His relationship with Bart is often shown as a love-hate relationship.	1
He was born on 3rd January, in 1892, in Bloemfontein, Orange Free State, South Africa.	1
As of 2016, the site MySpace still gets 50 million visitors a month!	1
There, she becomes a favorite because of her fluency in English, and for this her mistress always brings Emma on distant trips, e.g.	0
There are currently 5 Elders remaining.	0
What was scandalous was the Leweses' open admission of the relationship.	0
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Canterbury, after the English city of Canterbury:	0
The first canto closes as Zuleika notices a change in Salim's demeanour and wonders about his evasive language.	0
The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.	1
The district was also part of the Peshawar Division until the reforms of The Government of Pakistan.	0
The province of Batangas has a very specialized form of lullaby known as the huluna.	0
Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $19,583 for females.	0
The change was denounced as "giving one man one vote, another a number of votes: not on the basis of, say, intellectual ability or geographical accident, but in order to ensure the dominance of a particular group."	0
Luis Musrri (Jan 1, 2010–March 8, 2012)	0
David gets a large crowd of their peers to attend Jade's party by calling in a false noise complaint with the police, which effectively shuts down the other event.	0
Michael Clayton (2007)... Walter (Voice Only)	0
It was in Monte Carlo in 1923, at age forty that Chanel was introduced by Lombardi to the vastly wealthy Duke of Westminster, Hugh Richard Arthur Grosvenor, known to his intimates as "Bendor".	0
28th March is ‘Weed Appreciation Day’.	1
Mütze aids Jenny escaping from prison with the piano so she can play at the competition.	0
He was part of the Mali U-23 team who finish third in group stage of 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship, and was part of the Malian 2004 Olympic football team, who exited in the quarter finals, finishing top of group A, but losing to Italy in the next round.	0
1 = mid level, slight rise at the end	0
Bulls can run faster uphill than down!	1
35,000 hectares of peas are grown in the UK in a single year.	1
Nancy Cartwright has won several awards for voicing Bart, including a Primetime Emmy Award in 1992 and an Annie Award in 1995.	0
She kept the diagnosis secret from everybody except her family and very close friends.	0
Its origins date most likely to the 12th century, when a community rose around the Brichinnai castle.	0
It was part of the Safeguard Program.	0
Shaw&apos;s and Star Market, an American grocery group	0
Beef is one of the most important dietary sources of iron	0
bar:1911 at:928 fontsize:XS text: 928 shift:(-8,5)	0
Francesco Nanni called Samson (1475-1499), 39th Minister General	0
It was executive produced by Larry White and Lou Reda, in association with Columbia Pictures Television, then owned by The Coca-Cola Company.	0
Religion: Catholic 46%, Protestant 24%, Muslim 6%, Orthodox Christian 4%, Other Christian 4%, Buddhist 1%, No religious affiliation 13%, Other 2%	0
In 2000, Lestrade published his first book, Act Up, une Histoire (Denoël), a personal history of the first eleven years of Act Up-Paris.	0
If pasta is cooked properly, it should stick to a wall when it is thrown.	1
It is often possible for school students to take Advanced Highers, equivalent to English A-levels, and join the courses at the second year.	0
The planet Earth weighs approximately 5,974,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 kilograms (nearly 6 septillion kg), that’s roughly the same amount of weight as 54,807,339,449,541,284,403 (approx 55 quintillion) Blue Whales – the heaviest creature on the Earth itself!	1
The most used hashtags on Instagram are #love, #instagood, #me, #cute and #follow.	1
Healthy eaters tend to have clean workplaces while messy ones are connected to creative thinking.	1
Homer and family have been banned from every state in the US, except North Dakota and Arizona!	1
Saparmurat Niyazov’s cult of personality and leadership was used as base for the film, “The Dictator.”	1
Notably, Andromache remains unnamed in Iliad 22, referred to only as the wife of Hector (Greek alokhos), indicating the centrality of her status as Hector’s wife and of the marriage itself to her identity.	0
Bernard McGinn, ed., Meister Eckhart and the Beguine Mystics Hadewijch of Brabant, Mechthild of Magdeburg, and Marguerite Porete, New York: Continuum, 1994.	0
'Thon mi gSam po ra was sent by royal order in order to get the Indian doctrine and the model of the alphabet (yi ge'i dpe).	0
Eric Henderson of Slant Magazine praised the song "The Way It Is", calling it "a nice head of steam all the way up to its double-time wall of sound", but criticized the fact that the album "aims to uphold the standards of individuality we have, for whatever reason, come to expect from our dance floor divas."	0
In 1885 ‘The Murdock Bros’ were recorded as the first ever two-person club-passing duo, juggling four clubs between them whilst standing on pedestals.	1
Comets can shed bits of rock that fall to earth as meteor showers.	1
The river Briance forms part of the commune's northern border.	0
One type would be the tall, flat sided bull which has a slack back and a poor hindquarter.	1
Beef is one of the most important dietary sources of iron	0
His leadership of the Bisons in earned him Minor League Manager of the Year honors from Baseball America and The Sporting News in addition to being given International League Manager of the Year honors.	0
Amid a surge of Yip Man–related film projects in production, Donnie Yen told the Chinese media in March 2010 that after Ip Man 2, he will no longer play the Wing Chun master any more.	0
WPS Defender of the Year Award	0
Seeing the execution of Raynald, he feared he would be next.	0
In 2013 Yōji Yamada made a remake under the title Tōkyō Kazoku.	0
Jenkin Vincent ("Jin Vin") and Francis Tunstall, his apprentices	0
A number of "ladders" and "snakes" are pictured on the board, each connecting two specific board squares.	0
However as scientific studies continued ecologist Greame Caughley suggested that predator control alone could not have caused the Kaibab irruption, but rather factors like climate, grazing by other animals, and preservation policies actually had more significant impacts on the deer Caughley’s opinion led to confusion by teachers and scientists over what to include and teach in ecology and biology classes, therefore this story stopped being used as an example of prey and predator population dynamics.	0
"Viagem" - Daniela Mercury (Sol da Liberdade, 2000)	0
In the weeks leading up to the conference, many measures were taken to prepare Pittsburgh for the conference.	0
Prolegs do not have the same structure as modern adult insect legs, and there has been a great deal of debate as to whether they are homologous with them.	0
The average person goes to the toilet 6 times a day	1
Icons have been featured on postage stamps.	1
Due to post-Vietnam cutbacks, the SH-2F was ultimately procured instead.	0
Nawal El Jack Alawia Andal Fayza Omer Tasabih Mohamed3:45.91	0
The plaque for the entire NNL is on the lookout terrace of Leonard Harrison State Park.	0
The humidity should be around 80% and the temperature 25-27 degrees Celsius.	0
And by then Wey only possessed a county called Puyang (濮阳).	0
Calum is known for being quite the prankster in 5 Seconds of Summer.	1
Each person in America owns an average of 7 pairs of jeans.	1
Both the Spanish and Hebrew alphabet have 27 letters each.	1
The largest guava plantation is in Brazil’s Dom Eliseu municipality.	1
16 - RW Sergei Svetlov (Dynamo Moscow)	0
This style of rosé is completely dry and can be made from Pinot noir, Gamay, Grolleau, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Pineau d&apos;Aunis.	0
Nes Church ruins, one of Norway's best preserved church ruins from 1100 AD can be found here.	0
Many critics claim that Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland was based on realistic people and locations.	1
Combat demonstrations are mock battles put on by reenacting organizations and/or private parties primarily to show the public what combat in the period might have been like.	0
Black Sabbath's eponymous debut album was released on Friday the 13th, 1970.	1
Then X* = {1, 2, 5} is an exact hitting set, since each subset in \mathcal{S} contains exactly one element in X*, as the highlighting makes clear.	0
Aphids can infest plants in nurseries.	0
In 2017, Adidas sold over 1 million pairs of shoes made from recycled ocean plastic, each pair taking 11 plastic bottles to make.	1
Hydrogen produced from the steam methane reforming of natural gas is the most common fuel, but for greater efficiency hydrocarbons can be used directly such as natural gas and alcohols like methanol.	0
Mampikony II is served by a local airport.	0
Andrea Fischbacher ( born 1985), alpine skier, olympic champion	0
Dependent Music, an independent Canadian record label, owned and operated by the artists that were a part of the collective	0
In the European Championship they were champions in 1964, 2008 and 2012 and runners-up in 1984.	0
Since the 1990s, other historians have argued that Allied bombing accuracy was not sufficient for Wyman's proposed attack, and that counterfactual history is an inherently problematic endeavor.	0
The 1940 Alan Scott version of the Green Lantern was unable to use his abilities against wood.	1
Exit 4 : Garak Elementary School	0
There have been over 1 trillion levels of Candy Crushed played to date.	1
After time in "Reportages", he joined "Économie et social".	0
Pierre-André d&apos;Héguerty, writing about his time on the island around 1735, stated that a captive Rodrigues solitaire (which he described as having a melancholic appearance) would always walk in the same line until running out of space, and then return.	0
He requested transfer to a fighter squadron.	0
Niall’s microphone has the colours of the Irish flag stuck to the bottom of it.	1
After he defeated remnant forces consisting of Ming loyalists in southwestern China, he was rewarded with the title of Pingxi Wang (平西王; translated as "Prince Who Pacifies the West" or "King Who Pacifies the West") with a fief in Yunnan by the Qing imperial court.	0
At the time, the United States and Britain had prohibited the international slave trade.	0
Thomas Roth (Swedish Army Museum) has derived iron cannon to the origin by a mark on the cannon tubes.	0
Founder of Netscape, Marc Andreessen, proposed to Nintendo the idea of creating an online service for the N64, however Nintendo backed out of this as they wanted full control of the N64.	1
Winterfell’s courtyard may look realistic enough but it is actually set within a car-park to allow for 360 degree shots.	1
He participated in several expositions with Raoul Dufy, Marcoussis, Laglenne and others.	0
The Grand Canyon officially became a national park in 1919.	1
There were marked differences between the other Les Paul models and the Les Paul Junior.	0
Following Britain's return to the Gold Standard, and subsequent foreign exchange crises, there followed an exodus of gold from Europe to the United States.	0
Karsh systematically rejects the methodology of new historians such as Morris in his book (2000).	0
After auditioning for the role of Christopher, Imperioli thought that series creator David Chase was unimpressed with his audition and thus was surprised to be offered the part.	0
During this visit Tavernier not only sold several jewels to the emperor and his uncle Jafar Khan, but established a close relationship with the emperor that allowed him to stay longer in Delhi.	0
There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.	1
By 2050, the average American will be of mixed race.	1
In the early part of the poem Piers, the humble plowman of the title, appears and offers himself as the narrator's guide to Truth.	0
Herbert Richard Hoggart FRSL (24 September 1918 – 10 April 2014) was a British academic whose career covered the fields of sociology, English literature and cultural studies, with emphasis on British popular culture.	0
As Dimitri tries to smooth things over with Petrovic, Faustin has Niko blow up a garage in Bohan with a truck fulled with explosives, simply because the owner, an associate of Kenny Petrovic, did not pay him.	0
The U.S. Secret Service has its own flag.	1
Megavirus chilensis7 (Tyr, Arg, Met, Cys, Trp, Asn, Ile)yesyesnoyesAcanthamoeba (Unikonta, Amoebozoa)	0
Cold weather makes fingernails grow faster!	1
The book was banned at the Brevard Public Library in Florida.	1
Many of his students were artists working in other media with little or no background in music.	0
Various kinds of patterns were carved on bronze, jade, and pottery wares.	1
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame	0
Martin Gilbert - In Search of Churchill	0
In Japan and Taiwan, the spring break starts with the end of the academic year in March and ends on April 1 with the beginning of a new academic year.	0
AIM (Judd) YS5.5 5.5 L V10	0
There is a McDonald’s in every continent except Antartica.	1
A few Runic inscriptions can be still be seen in the church.	0
19th century outlaw Billy the Kid's death warrant was signed by the Governor of New Mexico, Lee Wallace... who wrote Ben-Hur.	1
at:1898 text:"1898 Unification of the boroughs" shift:($dx,-9)	0
And the reason it turned out the way it was – it was all chaos.	0
2011 Lost Final, Hosted and Lost 2011 Royal Bank Cup semi-final	0
List of French possessions and colonies	0
Abduh had also read Western social thinkers like Renan, Rousseau, Spencer and Tolstoy, just as Antun, but coming to different conclusions on what that meant for Arab thought.	0
All proceeds from the sale of the EP benefited the Mercury Phoenix Trust.	0
Opening of Le Bon Marché, the first Paris department store.	0
Along with her songwriting partner Kerry Krucial Brothers, Keys opened a recording studio called The Oven Studios in Long Island, New York.	1
The bypass issue first emerged decades ago as the federal government began removing railway corridors that connected Fredericton and southwestern New Brunswick with central and northern regions of the Province.	0
Its scientific name is Puma concolor.	1
Parliament as co-legislature: The European Parliament would acquire equal legislative power under the codecision procedure with the Council in virtually all areas of policy.	0
The Earth experiences over 50,000 earthquakes a year	1
Pierre Antoine Louis Havet (6 January 1849 – 26 January 1925) was a French latinist and Hellenist, an expert on classical Greek and Latin poetry.	0
A Symonds bull used for breeding beef cattle.	0
It was thought that Ash Ketchum would catch all the Pokémon, but across 60 episodes, he only managed to get 40 of them.	1
Whilst busking at Hyde Park in Sydney, a fan gave 5SOS a giant poo toy!	1
Apple makes $1,445 (£1020) per second.	1
Antarctic Petrels, Thalassoica antarctica, have to fly over to get to the ocean from their breeding colonies in Antarctica, and Northern Fulmars breed on the northeastern tip of Greenland, the furthest north piece of land.	0
He became Balkan champion in 1986.	0
Increasingly, Spain became dependent on the revenues flowing in from the mercantile empire in the Americas, leading to Spain's first bankruptcy in 1557 due to rising military costs.	0
1 googol is the number 1 followed by 100 zeros	1
The word ‘candy’ comes from the Indian word for crystallized sugar; Khanda.	1
Mark Thornton, Policy Analysis, Washington DC: Cato Institute, 1991.	0
Its rich past is shown clearly in the 11th century Collegiate Church, the Fountain Trail, the Regional Water Museum, the Carmes waterfall, the Fête des Tripettes, and the leather fair.	0
Jack met his best friend and future business partner Jack Johnson in kindergarten when both children showed up in the same shirt on the first day.	1
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977.	0
The game ended in a 0–0 tie against the Philadelphia Union.	0
A compilation of early essays on the subject, Outsiders outlines Becker's theories of deviance through two deviant groups; marijuana users and dance musicians.	0
The village consisted of five larger estates (that have later given their names to some areas that belong to Espoon keskus): Doms (Tuomarila), Jofs (Jouppi), Kirsti (Kirstinmäki), Dahl and Suna.	0
Swans can fly as fast as 60 miles per hour!	1
(DDR) Jochen Schümann Thomas Flach Bernd Jäkel	0
Noah lived to be 950 years old, 350 years after the Flood.	1
Males had a median income of $40,072 versus $22,212 for females.	0
The tradition must have been generally believed, at least for a definite period of time.	0
In Japanese, Pikachu is spelt: ピカチュウ.	1
The city of Jaipur in India is known as “Pink City” due to the various heritage sites that are built using pink color .	1
Don Vidal Banganan served as the first Gobernadorcillo.	0
Fast Company Most Creative People in Business (2014)	0
However, the producers convince Cubby to go and see the show, which "bowls him over".	0
She played an actress starring as the lead role in a fictional show called "Alien Hunter".	0
1999 : Les Hirondelles d&apos;hiver, by André Chandelle : Peau de lapin	0
(The gallery also houses his Penitent Magdalene and Rest on the Flight into Egypt).	0
The babies are fed milk twice a day.	0
Vera Farmiga is 45 years old and was born on 6th August 1973 in Clifton, New Jersey.	1
His mother Karen was born in England and is a real estate agent, and his father Manuel, is a business man.	1
The early cattle were driven to follow forage and water availability and then to slaughter.	0
Greece houses the most number of archaeological museums in the world.	1
John Chae, a designer from New York, has worked with the bands on some of their album covers.	1
Nakamura is a member of the Yamaneko Group of Comet Observers.	0
Bardsley again made a significant contribution to Manchester United's pre-season programme in 2006–07, but on 16 August, he was sent out on loan again, this time to Scottish Premier League club Rangers.	0
Use of these less desirable cuts came from peasant households, who invented delicious but labor-intensive ways to utilize the parts rejected by the upper classes.	0
The original Rose was smaller than other theatres, only about two-thirds the size of the original Theatre built eleven years earlier, and its stage was also unusually small; the enlargement addressed both matters.	0
The oldest exposed surface on Earth is New Zealand's south island	1
A variety of fresh water turtle, hickatees are found in the fresh water and brackish ponds around the islands.	0
A tour didn't happen until the following summer in the US, the "Tour of the Americas '75", with future member Ronnie Wood taking Taylor's place on guitar.	0
Justin has claustrophobia and he’s really afraid of elevators.	1
Developers used real-time game cutscenes instead of live-action cinematics to avoid " players out of the game".	0
School of Tourism Education of Rhodes	0
Baihe, the oldest town in Qingpu District, is famous for its performances of huju or Shanghai opera.	0
In the summer of 2003, Klimkin had a calf injury which became infected and required three surgeries; he returned to the ice in late September and won 2002 NHK Trophy two months later.	0
Phuket boasts a 148 foot-tall (45 meter) marble Buddha with supposedly some of the best views on the island.	1
The first thing he did afterwards, was to dig up Amagi's operations starting with the real Kaotu's death, later he had managed to dig up dirt on Amagi too as Susuki had done earlier.	0
Three years later, Anakin battled Obi-Wan Kenobi on the site of a volcano and was badly wounded, this was when he was reborn as Darth Vader.	1
Oracle founder Larry Ellison rounded out the top five.	0
The host member of the ITER project, and hence the member contributing most of the costs, is the EU.	0
Chewing on a gum while cutting onions stops tears!	1
A group of cows is called a 'herd'.	1
In 1967, he entered Luís de Camões school and studied there until 1972.	0
He is the tallest member of the band.	1
Selena’s favourite movie genre is horror.	1
Edward J. Malatesta and Gao Zhiyu, eds., Departed, yet Present.	0
Grand Commanders of the Order of the Crown of Italy (27 August 1940)	0
These are formed by dividing the former Province of Canada, into two; its two subdivisions, Canada West and Canada East, were renamed Ontario and Quebec, respectively, and became full provinces in Section 6.	0
In the fall of 2000, Yourofsky received $10,000 from PETA to fund the broadcasting of a commercial against "the animal slavery enterprise known as the circus".	0
Harry is the youngest member of One Direction.	1
One Spanish frigate (the Mercedes) explodes and the other three (Fama, Clara, Medea) surrender to the chase.	0
He talked to islanders but could not go ashore owing to the uncertain weather.	0
Snoop Dogg’s real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. His “Snoop Dogg” nickname came from his mother who thought he looked like Snoopy from the Peanuts.	1
Military collection during the Cold War made use of stand-off collection of data about dangerous border areas.	0
Rangel asserted that while beneficiaries of tax reform were not well organized, business interests opposed to it were.	0
Since then, he has launched his own non-profit called “The Cali Misfits Collection,” where he sells anti-suicide bracelets like the ones he wore in the Yellowcard music video.	1
HIOMT as the limiting reagent in the melatonin biosynthetic pathway	0
Cape Town, South Africa: Struik Publishers.	0
During his recovery in hospital, he continued to produce music using an electronic drum kit and other equipment.	1
Even if you don’t smoke and exercise regularly to stay healthy, your lungs can still suffer problems if you are affected by heavy pollution where you live or work.	1
My Name Is Legion (ISBN 0345248678) is an anthology of three stories by American writer Roger Zelazny, compiled in 1976.	0
The Romans and occupied the region until their departure in the 5th century, after which Caernarfon became part of the Kingdom of Gwynedd.	0
He starred in George Romero’s film Knightriders as an enthusiastic audience member.	1
Sanhe (三合鎮), in Longjing prefecture, is the closest Chinese town across the river.	0
Ammotrechinae (North, Central and South America)	0
Engels (inhabited locality), name of several inhabited localities in Russia	0
Her first award was a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress, for her role as Cornelia Wallace in George Wallace (1997).	1
Another theory is that the deer spirit served as a guide to assist the warrior soul to heaven.	0
In a letter to actor Jack Gleeson (Joffrey), author Martin complemented him on his acting saying “Congratulations on your marvellous performance, everyone hates you.”	1
He has an older sister, Shana.	0
"I am very motivated and working hard although I am aware that my recovery will be slow and therefore I need to be patient and have a lot of determination.	0
Localized seams in the same deposit have variations in composition, including the quantity of the major minerals, accessory minerals and carbonaceous materials such as lignite.	0
Joan (Eunice) marries her lawyer, Jake Salomon, and moves her household and friends onto a boat.	0
Blooms can feature up to 100,000 jellyfish at a time.	1
A group of pandas is called an embarrassment.	1
This festival commemorates the birth of Sri Rama who is remembered for his prosperous and righteous reign.	0
There were introduced issued by Stockholms Banco in 1661.	0
Goliath Frogs breed during July and August.	1
Tracy can freeze objects at will by reducing the temperature of matter.	0
The compass is also considered an important symbol in the first part of the poem.	0
Mars has about a third of the Earth’s gravity, which means that you can jump three times as high.	1
Juggling is one of Harry’s hidden talents.	1
The new church, which measured 36 x 97 feet, was dedicated by Bishop Grace on December 11, 1870.	0
In Latin, Cicero and Livy had used the phrase "sweat and blood".	0
She was defeated by Jean-Paul L&apos;Allier, the incumbent mayor and a former provincial MNA and cabinet minister.	0
Pallette may have gained weight, but he never lost his underlying virility."	0
Douglas Forrester (born 1953), former mayor of West Windsor Township who was the Republican Party nominee for U.S.	0
The name of the galaxy, IC 1101, indicates that it was the 1,101st object of the catalogue.	0
Composition (1941) &mdash; FAA attack on Massawa	0
William Douglas Guthrie (born January 17, 1967 in Philadelphia, PA) is a professional boxer (185 cm height) in the cruiserweight (180lb) division.	0
Nautilus class &mdash; 1 boat, 1917	0
In the game's arcade mode, Sly finds that several pages from the Thievius Racconus have been stolen, and begins battling the other fighters in attempt to locate them, including a rival battle with Nathan Drake.	0
The mountain lion goes by many names, including cougar, catamount, panther, red tiger, deer tiger, and puma.	1
There is a debate that we actually give gifts at Christmas to commemorate the Pagan tradition of gifting the gods, not the three wise men.	1
The song was released via iTunes Stores worldwide on May 18, 2012, and sent to US contemporary hit radio on June 12, 2012.	0
The 2014 Copa EuroAmericana is a men's football friendly tournament created by DirecTV that will take place in South America and North America on 20 July – 2 August 2014.	0
The next most important monument is the church of Santa Giustina; it houses a painting, credited to Ambrogio de Predis, that has raised the interest of art scholars because of its similarity to Leonardo da Vinci's Virgin of the Rocks.	0
These early mechanical devices were much larger and more powerful than the modern vibrators and were first used by physicians and became popular in bath houses in Europe and the US towards the beginning of the 20th century.	0
He currently lives in Los Angeles.	1
As of 2013, Samsung had over 460% more employees than Apple with Samsung employing over 370,000 and Apple merely 80,000.	1
Secord responded with a 40-goal campaign in 1985–86, but after a 29-goal season in 1986–87, Secord was dealt to the Toronto Maple Leafs on September 3, 1987.	0
In 1970, Stein led Celtic to a League and League Cup double; they also finished runners-up in the Scottish Cup.	0
He then proceeds to the OCP building and confronts the waiting McDaggett.	0
Walt Disney himself voiced Mickey Mouse from his premiere in 1928 until 1946.	1
Originally the station platform was only 75 metres long, instead of the normal 105 metres in the Frankfurt U-Bahn, allowing the operation of trains with a maximum of three carriages.	0
In the latter field, he was involved with issues such as bovine tuberculosis, Boeck&apos;s sarcoid and Wasserman reaction, to name a few.	0
Once Justin won the VMA he said to Jaden: “I can’t stop smiling”, Jaden replied: “When U Smile, I Smile”.	1
He collaborated with Bing Crosby on ‘Peace on Earth/Little Drummer Boy’ for Christmas 1977.	1
Issues not addressed here, yet accounted for in the CORBA specification, include data typing, exceptions, network protocols, communication timeouts, etc.	0
The dates of publication of the several portions of Doubleday, E. Genera of Diurnal Lepidoptera, and the continuation thereof by Westwood, J.O.	0
He made paintings with social themes, showing the exploitation of the Croatian peasants.	0
The umpires also have the power to award a match to one side where the other side either concedes defeat or in the opinion of the umpires refuses to play, in which case the game can be deemed to have been by the side in question.	0
The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.	1
Sometimes individual ambition superseded party loyalty as seen by the case where a European member, on failing to obtain Alliance endorsement, resigned, stood as an independent, won the election, re-joined the Alliance and was made a Minister.	0
U.S. Route 322, on which the shrine is located, is named the Pennsylvania 28th Division Highway.	0
People under the influence of power act as if they had suffered a traumatic brain injury, becoming more impulsive, less risk-aware and less adept at seeing things from other people's point of view.	1
1st Title: 160 WBU Middleweight Title / 1996-09-12 / Thomas Tate / Lazio, Italy / UD 12 12 (6 consecutives)	0
This order continued for 200 years.	0
She has two siblings; Sian-Louise and Sarah Pinnock and a pet pug named Harvey.	1
About 58.1% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).	0
4 OFC through 2005 AFC 2006–present	0
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 146 people.	0
Ryma Galfrey: Aes Sedai sister of the Yellow Ajah.	0
The player who successfully grabs the totem puts his discarded cards in the pot and plays the next round.	0
Coldplay originally signed with independent label, Fierce Panda.	1
This was despite the Labour government promising in 2004 to hold a referendum on the previously proposed Constitution for Europe.	0
Published in December 2001, the 240 page graphic novel follows the story of Izuko, a beautiful and mysterious "Guardian of the Gate" to the Afterlife.	0
Andrew Jackson: As a prank, Andrew Jackson invited prostitutes to the annual Christmas Ball.	1
On September 21, 1997, a church organized rally brought in an estimated half a million people to Rizal Park.	0
Bart was originally going to be called ‘Mort Simpson’.	1
The episode reveals the recurring character River Song (Alex Kingston) is Amy and Rory's child.	0
Cambridge University Press 2004; ISBN 0-511-04028-8.	0
Even her take for "Take Me with U" took a while.	0
In 1900, the county had a population of 160,579 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:	0
All the perpetrators are found by Yoshioka as he searches for clues about the original murder.	0
ta - is like "sa" in Tagalog	0
Jacobsen Residence, 3544 Multiview Drive, Hollywood, California	0
, 13.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals.	0
Heartland Community College offers training in more than 40 career fields in innovative and technologically progressive leaning facilities.	0
Hempton, David (2005) Methodism: Empire of the Spirit, Yale University Press, ISBN 0-300-10614-9	0
In 1314, Nicholas de Farndone, Lord Mayor of the City of London issued a decree banning football in the French used by the English upper classes at the time.	0
Popular magazine Attitude gave their Album of the Year Award to Years &amp; Years for the 2015 album “Communion”.	1
It became the most expensive film ever made in Norway at the time, until the film Max Manus was produced two years later on a bigger budget.	0
Nikolay Shilder, Russian (Baltic German) painter	0
Mtv (Music Television) made its debut at 12:01 a.m. August 1st 1981 (the first music video shown 'Video killed the radio star' by the Buggles)	1
Melissa stared in a one-woman show called The Miss Education of Jenna Bush which she collaborated on with her husband, Winston.	1
Among those was Agnes Meyer Driscoll who came on behalf of the Navy.	0
Connor, unaffected by Jasmine's blood (which enabled Angel and his gang to discover the truth about Jasmine), threatens them all, but Angel shuts the door on him, letting the others escape through the fire escape.	0
The first crossword puzzle appeared in 1913	1
Aside from two years of Coupe de France triumph, the club's other success was winning the 1996 UEFA Intertoto Cup	0
The town's motto is "Ye Most Auncient Towne in Connecticut", and its population was 26,668 in the 2010 census.	0
Minister, Godsong, La MaMa E.T.C., New York City, 1978	0
The first ski lifts appeared in 1946, when local residents Robert Emmett Burns, Sr. and Otto Carpenter constructed them, largely from nearby lodgepole pines.	0
The law does not always stop poachers, who find a ready market across the border in Ontario (especially in the Ottawa area), where ramps may be legally harvested and sold.	1
He was British amateur champion from 1894 to 1896.	0
A woman trying to commit suicide from the Eiffel Tower, landed on a car and later married the owner of the car.	1
The dust inhalation problem continued, so a filter assembly was fitted into the hydraulic reservoir.	0
In some of his videos that he has uploaded to YouTube, Shawn just sings in them and lets other musicians collaborate with him by playing instruments.	1
The KAO was based at the Ames Research Center, NAS Moffett Field, in Sunnyvale, California.	0
He enjoys long walks on the beach.	1
2004 Senate nominee election results: Calgary-Mountain View	0
Nikolaus Wehner (born 26 February 1901; died 19 July 1942 in Totschkowo, USSR), politician (NSDAP)	0
He documented his historical movies meticulously, to this end seeking the advice of military consultants and distinguished historians of the Romanian Academy.	0
He prefers the iPhone over a Blackberry – but lets face it, who doesn’t!	1
2013 : Big Players FC (Marchand)	0
| 82 || 82 || 38.6 || .483 || .436 || .838 || 3.3 || 2.7 || 0.8 || 0.2 || 19.7	0
Mr Potato Head was the first toy to be advertised on TV.	1
The human body is better suited for two four-hour sleep cycles rather than one eight-hour one.	1
Simoun follows the clergy, military, and government of a neither dystopian nor wholly positive theocracy.	0
She later worked as a stripper at the Hustler Club in New York.	0
The Heroes Square in the centre of George Town, which commemorates Cayman Islands' war dead.	0
The capital and largest city is Dhaka.	0
Marie Émile Antoine Béthouart (17 December 1889 - 17 October 1982) was a French Army general who served during World War I and World War II.	0
In 1977, former Stockton Ports owner/manager Carl Thompson purchased the Salem franchise and put it back on the field as an NWL member and Dodgers farm club.	0
Thus continuations enable code that has the useful properties associated with inversion of control, while avoiding its problems.	0
At the age of four or five, he could play all of the songs he had heard his mother play on the violin.	0
Use of the term has evolved over time.	0
In the original schedule, by 2012, the first phase of four theme parks would have opened on the Crescent.	0
| 1984–1985 || || Not in top 30	0
Then applying the Gram&amp;ndash;Schmidt process to the three vectors (A 2 −A 1 , A 3 −A 1 , V) produces an orthonormal basis of space, the third vector of which will be normal to plane A.	0
The River Thames that flows through London has over 20 tunnels and 200 bridges.	1
A group of butterflies puddling together is referred to as a “puddle club”.	1
Planning approval was granted by councillors on the 21 January 2010 with construction expected to start once funding is obtained.	0
Lois Griffin became mayor of Quahog in “It Takes a Village Idiot and I Married one”.	1
The way the color brown affects us psychologically, it represents family, comfort and stability.	1
The Modern Greek word for Sunday means “Lord’s Day”.	1
There are no visual differences between a male Slowpoke and a female one.	1
It offers kayaking, whitewater slalom, play boating, power boating, sailing and white water rafting plus surfing on the 'surf wave'.	0
Mexico’s official name is Estados Unidos Mexicanos (United Mexican States)!	1
She was signed on to the music publishing company Big Yellow Dog Music when she was just 17 years old.	1
By 10:00, Tovey's two battleships had fired over 700 main battery shells, many at very close range; Bismarck had been reduced to a shambles, aflame from stem to stern.	0
It costs the US Mint 1.66 cents to make a 1 cent coin.	1
A History of Phelps Dodge, 1834-1950.	0
Mbabane Highlanders is a Swazi soccer club based in Mbabane.	0
However, other sources do not recognize the genus, placing all the Ipheion species in Tristagma.	0
But Elliot jumps in front of Boog and takes the shot instead, which angers Boog and scares Shaw (since he knows he's done for).	0
Located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California, Yosemite National Park spans 761,268 acres of land.	1
Known nearshore (e.g., lagoonal) occurrences have generally been ascribed to wash-in of shells from offshore waters.	0
Early on, Trujillo determined that Dominican financial affairs had to be put in order, and that included ending the United States's role as collector of Dominican customs—a situation that had existed since 1907 and was confirmed in a 1924 convention signed at the end of the occupation.	0
Unlike Earth, Mars doesn’t have a magnetic field!	1
And he told me that his musical was going to be done, and I should talk to Jim Sharman.	0
Miley has several tattoos, one of which is under her left breast.	1
In 2008, Italy spent US$65 million to bail out the Parmesan cheese industry.	1
Publishing of the books began in 2005, and ended in 2008.	1
It has been credited with restoring the Christmas season as one of merriment and festivity in Britain and America after a period of sobriety and sombreness.	0
During the 1980s, Professors Allen Hermann and Zhengzhi Sheng of the Department of Physics were in the vanguard of research in superconductivity: the phenomenon whereby Direct Current (DC) electricity, once started, can flow essentially forever.	0
In 2010, the value of the franchise was $399 million, according to reports by Forbes.	0
1995 – Sixieme classique (Bernard Stora)	0
List of Schools and colleges in Aubervilliers	0
His real name is Tim Grunig and he attended junior high and high school in Evanston, Illinois.	0
Gen. St. John R. Liddell to the fight, countering Thomas's reinforcements.	0
In 109 BC, they invaded the Roman province of Gallia Narbonensis and defeated the Roman army there under Marcus Junius Silanus.	0
Revue aerospatiale was a monthly magazine published by the French aerospace company Aérospatiale.	0
July 1983 officially saw the hottest day in Turkmenistan and the Soviet Union – it was recorded at the Repetek Reserve at 122 F.	1
The United States is the only country in the world allowing sentencing of young adolescents to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.	0
The cattle were aged 18-24 months.	1
They swooped on a house in Martello Terrace to discover Twomey outside in his car, wearing his trademark dark shades.	0
Only Randy Winn has played more games (1,717) without getting a shot in the postseason.	0
The Green Lantern has appeared as a supporting and title character in various video games such as Green Lantern: Rise of the Manhunters on PS3 and also the Green Lantern Video Slot.	1
They were drawn in a group against the hosts Congo and Central African Republic.	0
Backpack Kid also made a cameo appearance in the music video for “Rolex” by Ayo &amp; Teo.	1
Mikey and Emre love Italian food, while Olly is more likely to choose Lebanese food when dining.	1
Though the festivals are put on by various organisations unrelated to each other, and so are officially separate events, they are regarded by many visitors as part of the same event; and together they form the largest annual cultural festival in the world.	0
At this time Itzamnaaj K'awiil ordered the building of the El Duende group centred on a sizeable temple on a hilltop east of the Main Group.	0
More than six billion houses, and 2.25 billion hotels have been made.	1
We spend 95% of our lives indoors.	1
Fernandez soon announced the dedication of his 1997 season to Gillis.	0
incorporated into the new high-rise building , in Tokyo.	0
Ants can lift 50 times their own weight	1
This recommendation was enacted in 2002 by an Inter-Governmental Agreement on Policing Cooperation, which set the basis for the exchange of officer between the two services.	0
School tests your memory, not your knowledge!	1
Steamships were eventually completely iron-clad, and played a role in the opening of Japan and China to trade with the West.	0
The opening of Europe's borders is in full force here: cyclists can reach the neighbouring Netherlands unhindered through these pathways.	0
A program to install the layout is available for Microsoft Windows, as well as a portable AutoHotKey implementation.	0
Rules on ride height were loosened, and the top of the rear spoiler is now made of clear material to give drivers more visibility.	0
According to a study conducted in the early 1990’s, regular consumption of peanuts can lower the risk of contracting colorectal cancer in women compared to those who do not eat the nuts frequently.	1
Kimi ni Todoke 2nd Season (2011), Ryu Sanada	0
He played for RBC Roosendaal, Haarlem, Heracles Almelo, FC Utrecht, Marítimo, Willem II and Heracles Almelo.	0
A cluster of bananas is called a hand and consists of 10 to 20 bananas known as fingers!	1
Phillip Ndegwa, the late first Chairman of Council Kenyatta University (1985-1994)	0
After Harrison's departure that afternoon, the three remaining Beatles attempted to continue the rehearsal.	0
Lord John Russell was not sympathetic to this appeal.	0
The dome also conducts static electricity.	0
"The General Welfare in Relation to Problems of Taxation and of Railway and Utility Rates", 1938, Econometrica.	0
Alligators generally live between 30 &amp; 50 years.	1
Clark named his property the Gahanna Plantation, from which the City of Gahanna derives its name.	0
The world’s smallest winged insect, the Tanzanian parasitic wasp, is smaller than the eye of a housefly!	1
The Netherlands soccer team, or ‘Oranje’, play in orange kits.	1
While some may think he studied Theology, Pope Francis actually studied for a Master’s Degree in Chemistry and used to teach the subject in high schools.	1
In 1885, he helped bring about the union of Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia.	0
However, this combination proved even more volatile, and while Flaherty did contribute significantly to the story, the finished film, originally released by Paramount Pictures, is essentially Murnau's.	0
Morty’s name appears in three different episode titles: Mortynight Run from Season 2, alongside Morty’s Mind Blowers and The Rickchurian Mortydate from Season 3.	1
In March 2005, Wang Chung (once again consisting of Hues and Feldman) contributed "Akasha", a previously unreleased song, to the " ", in response to the 2004 Southeast Asia tsunami crisis.	0
It centers on Jet Li's character and his confrontations with navy sailors, who are portrayed as rapacious villains, from China's ally, the United States, primarily in the boxing ring as Li's character is an avid athlete.	0
Moronobu was the son of a well-respected dyer and a gold and silver-thread brocade artisan in the village of Hodamura, Awa Province, near Edo Bay in present-day Kyonan, Chiba Prefecture.	0
Quartier Pigalle, an area in Paris around the Place Pigalle, on the border between the 9th and the 18th arrondissements and named after the sculptor Jean-Baptiste Pigalle	0
One year later, with the fall of Málaga, the western part of the Muslim Nasrid kingdom had fallen into Spanish hands.	0
When crossed with Angus bulls, the results are "black gold".	1
The central imperial administration still needed couriers, and the agentes in rebus filled this role.	0
The very existence of written language among Slavs prior to the introduction of Cyrillic during 10th century is still disputed.	0
Like its counterpart Deptford Dockyard, it was probably chosen for its position - on the south bank of the tidal River Thames conveniently close to Henry's palace at Greenwich.	0
Her middle name has not be revealed throughout the show, but her brothers Chris and Stewie’s have.	1
A victim of a Dementors kiss cannot become a ghost, as they have no soul.	1
Saint Thomas More is the patron saint of statesmen and politicians.	1
But most of all she was thinking about the Jack of Hearts."	0
He supports Manchester United football team.	1
26 is known as the “joke throw” in darts and is reached by throwing 20, 5 &amp; 1 after trying for a treble 20.	1
An earthquake on 16th December 1811, caused parts of the Mississippi river to flow backwards!	1
The winner of each semifinal group will advance to the final of the tournament and will be played one game as home and another game away.	0
In 2004, the reorganized label had moved to Koch Records for distribution.	0
By using big data, Wal-Mart determined that people stock up the most on strawberry Pop-Tarts and beer before a hurricane.	1
It is illegal to slaughter a cow in several Indian states because of the religious significance.	1
| 4441 Toshie || January 26, 1985	0
From 1934 to 1936, Geoffrey Toye was Managing Director, working alongside the Artistic Director, Sir Thomas Beecham.	0
Unlike the characters played by Rollins and Johnson, Thorne's character simply vanished with no explanation for why he was absent from the show.	0
After his titles were stripped from Dariusz, Jones would win Michalczewski's belts and spuriously declare himself "undisputed world champion".	0
He worked his own land and enjoyed physical labour in the grounds of his estates.	0
There are 26 ganglions in the sympathetic system of the body.	1
Starring as Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (2001), Angelina gained international fame.	1
It includes a retail version of the game, a steel case finished in 'Obsidian Black' (official Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG colour choice), a coffee table book that details the cars and locations in GT5, a 300-page APEX book with hints on driving technique, car tuning, future technologies and more, a Gran Turismo-branded wallet containing a competition entry card giving one person the opportunity to win a real Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG car (the competition will be similar to the GT Academy), a GT-branded USB pen drive containing an exclusive GT5 dynamic theme and a Polyphony Digital/Mercedes-Benz exclusive trailer, a custom etched Keychain, a 1:43 scale Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG model in an exclusive livery, an e-voucher for six unique "Stealth" edition cars and an e-voucher for five unique "Chrome Line" edition cars.	0
Pé de serra, Luiz Gonzaga (1942)	0
Taylor has stated that he loves sports, especially basketball, and enjoys spending time with his best friends.	1
Chaitin's early work on algorithmic information theory paralleled the earlier work of Kolmogorov.	0
Android is actually open-source which means that individuals have the option to modify source code of the OS and manufacturers can add features.	1
When Shea first began to consider the issue in 1962, most NASA engineers and managers including Wernher von Braun, the director of the Marshall Space Flight Center favored either an approach called direct ascent, where the Apollo spacecraft would land on the Moon and return to the Earth as one unit, or Earth orbit rendezvous, where the spacecraft would be assembled while still in orbit around the Earth.	0
His albums All My Reasons (1981) and Direct Hit (1982) were nominated for Grammy Awards.	0
In 1921, he used the money that he had gained from the settlement in order to start The Psychological Corporation to foster his interest in the field of applied psychology.	0
It was one of a set of at least six canons probably written in Vienna in 1782.	0
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.	1
During high School, Lincoln liked to play rugby, but was discouraged out of the sport and was motivated to take up acting.	1
The league will expand to 21 teams with the addition of New York City FC and Orlando City SC in 2015.	0
Oberrüti has a population ( ) of , 7.1% of the population are foreign nationals.	0
The brand wasn’t originally known as Adidas, which is a portmanteau of the founder’s named Adi Dassler, but was started under the name Gebrüder Dassler Schuhfabrik in 1924.	1
Live pigeons were used in the 1900 games’ archery event.	1
He spent all his spare time in the study of classics, history, metaphysics and political economy and in learning German, French and Italian.	0
His wife was the unnamed daughter of Pheroras, by whom he had no children.	0
Spiders are arachnids and not insects	1
Lebrun or Le Brun may refer to:	0
There is also a challenge in arriving at a definition of "social" which satisfies academics from different disciplines.	0
IU has its strongest base of support in Andalusia, Madrid, and Asturias, tracing the communist base of the PCE.	0
Jellyfish eat small plants, zooplankton, fish eggs and sometimes other jellyfish.	1
Felben-Wellhausen has a population ( ) of , 16.4% of the population are foreign nationals.	0
People in Iceland read more books per capita than any other country	1
Simon Kenton - frontiersman is buried in Urbana	0
This involves lengthening individual notes slightly or interpolating a short note into an otherwise regular rhythm (see Example 3), or shortening or lengthening every note of a rhythm by the same duration (adding a semiquaver to every note in a rhythm on its repeat, for example).	0
According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 1,329 inhabitants.	0
She used to live in a mansion consisting of ten bedrooms, but sold it due to the fact that only nine of them would be used.	1
Aaron Paul auditioned for a the role of Francis on Malcom in the Middle, which starred his future co-star Bryan Cranston.	1
"Ton avion" (In the video the song is a symphonic cover of the original)	0
Curtis was born in Orthez, Pyrénées-Atlantiques.	0
The Rickchurian Mortydate is the only episode title to feature both Rick and Morty’s names in the title.	1
The commune has a total of of arable land, of which is irrigated.	0
Originally available in mono only, it was reissued in stereo under the title Reflection in 1969.	0
It is drawn by Frantico, thought to be the nom de plume of a famous author.	0
"Response to Those who Criticise Me for Spending Money on Old Wine & Prostitutes" is a lost work by Aristippus, a disciple of Socrates.	1
Historically, the leaves were written upon in various Southeast Asian cultures using an iron stylus to create palm leaf manuscripts.	0
A civil list pension was granted to Cooke in 1871.	0
In the 1980s, Cablevision also expanded into the Chicago, Boston, and Cleveland areas.	0
There was a boundary dispute between Greece and Albania.	0
Formerly "Kal Zakath" (Kal being an Angarak term meaning "King and God"), until he discarded the affectation after meeting real gods and realizing the absurdity of the presumption.	0
It was probably named for Robert Fildes, a British sealer of that period.	0
In Dublin, there is one pub for every 100 people.	1
In 2016, Emma Instagrammed herself planting several copies of Maya Angelou’s Mom &amp; Me &amp; Mom around the London Underground.	1
It once served as a prison, the Diebsturm ("Thief's Tower").	0
The biggest raid set fire to the Union supply center at Springfield Landing on July 2.	0
Breeding occurs anytime between the end of February through June but is dependent upon region.	0
The forefeet are heavily adapted for digging, with powerful curved claws.	0
The Spanish Riding School also has summer stables in Heldenberg-Wetzdorf-Lower Austria.	0
George Hamilton Green (1893–1970), American xylophonist, composer and cartoonist	0
The appointment was somewhat unexpected, Mathews was not especially distinguished, and had not served in the navy for a number of years.	0
Lorde tried setting up Austin with her sister Indy, however Austin was not interested at all.	1
75% of all pineapples sold in Europe are grown entirely in Costa Rica.	1
Member of the Order of Canada (1985)	0
As director, Baldwin was integral to the shape of the association's early character; it was under Baldwin's leadership that the ACLU undertook some of its most famous cases, including the Scopes Trial, the Sacco and Vanzetti murder trial, and its challenge to the ban on James Joyce's Ulysses.	0
Hungary was restored to its prewar borders, (both Vienna Awards were declared null and void, canceling Hungary's gains from Czechoslovakia and Romania) with the exception of three villages south of Bratislava, which were transferred to Czechoslovakia.	0
“Le clef des allégories peintes et sculptées de Versailles.” Revue de l’Histoire de Versailles (1927): 73 82.	0
As any Buffy fan knows, the woman is plenty captivating just on her own."	0
The "Thurbrücke" - one of the most notable bridges from the late middle-ages in Switzerland.	0
His favourite animal is the penguin.	1
Upon the proclamation of the Republic, one of the civilian leaders of the movement, the lawyer Ruy Barbosa, proposed a design for the nation's new flag strongly inspired by the flag of the United States.	0
The formation went next to Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas, in August 1941 for staging into both the Arkansas and Louisiana maneuvers before returning to Fort Custer that October.	0
Two of the remaining Slitheen were killed, and the others escaped, including Korst the first child Slitheen to appear, who later returned.	0
Even with all of his contributions to science and technology, Tesla died broke and alone.	1
Among seasonal allergies, there are some allergens that fuse together and produce a new type of allergy.	0
The activity was followed by an eruption of the Eastern basalts from volcanoes east of the park.	0
Baphomet is a demonic image used in occult and historical references.	0
Dante’s Divine Comedy is “the single most impressive book” he has ever read.	1
Santa Cruz de la Sierra is a village in the province of Cáceres and autonomous community of Extremadura, Spain.	0
Seeing that the battle is lost Major Tint decides to flee, only to run into Rambo's machete, which Rambo then uses to disembowel the Major, killing him.	0
Jones said "We wrote a batch - we didn't used to write one, we used to write a batch at a time - like gumbo.	0
After discussion with a handful of poor Iroquois Indians, the Flat-heads had gained a slight knowledge of Christianity, and became so convinced of its truth that at three times they sent delegations of their tribe over 3000 miles to St. Louis, MO, to request "black-robes" to be sent among them to baptize their children, sick, and dying.	0
Operators who opposed a contract were often shamed into agreement by Lewis's accusations.	0
However, Jewish people are invited to Christmas Eve parties and plenty will attend, and some host Christmas Eve parties for others.	0
Nicole Notat, ex secretary-general of the trade union CFDT and she is currently chief executive officer of Vigeo.	0
I've come in and gone out, and gone out and come in.	0
During the California Gold Rush in 1849, miners were willing to pay huge amounts of money for a single lemon.	1
After many readers and contributors expressed their displeasure, Buckley resigned from National Review.	0
Luise Gruber, Austrian blues singer-songwriter, professionally known as Saint Lu	0
Thus, when the Navy returned to liberated Greece in October 1944, it was firmly behind the government of George Papandreou.	0
Mature male cougars can weigh up to 200 pounds (90 kg), while mature females only weigh up to 120 pounds (54 kg).	1
The coordinates of the district are:00 43S, 31 24E.	0
Junkers Ju 52, single-engined precursor to Ju 52/3m, 1930	0
Bjelke-Petersen said the Nationals had lost their way and turned their backs on traditional conservative policies.	0
Puberty and High Pregnancy Rates are an inheritable trait of	0
Molenbeek Brussels Strombeek, often referred to as FC Brussels and recently rebranded RWDM Brussels FC, is based in the Sint-Jans-Molenbeek municipality and plays in the Belgian Second Division.	0
Malcolm Klassen (born in Toekumsrus, Randfontein, South Africa) is a professional boxer in the junior lightweight (130 lb) division.	0
You give them to the government, and the government then gives you some milk.	0
Cougar tracks show four toes on both the front and hind paws, and an M-shaped heel pad with two lobes at the top or leading edge, and three lobes at the base.	1
In December 2002, Chase paid fines totaling $80 million, with the amount split between the states and the federal government.	0
The BT published separate weekly magazines, distributed as part of the newspaper.	0
Along with his brothers Otto and Rudolf, Archduke Felix was a patron for the revived Almanach de Gotha.	0
The American Scotch Highland Breeder's Association was founded in South Dakota in 1948.What are they used for?Highland cattle are recognized today as a beef producing breed.	0
The Ute Mountains to the south are cored by igneous intrusions and rise to .	0
He changed the name of "Crack Town" to Downtown DeLand's Historic Garden District.	0
It remains unknown exactly where they went and why.	0
There are over 500 different cattle breeds in the world.	1
He looks at Lisa and hopes that she will come up to him.	0
In 2002, the series won the Best TV Comedy award, and Gervais the Best TV Comedy Actor award.	0
In the film Star Wars Episode Three: Revenge of the Sith, every single one of the Clone Troopers was produced using CGI effects.	1
In the episode Morty’s Mind Blowers, during the end-credits scene we see Jerry come across a small selection of his own “mind blowers.” One of these tapes is labelled “Apples Campaign,” referencing his disastrously awful “Hungry For Apples?” campaign that saw him get fired in the post-credits scene for Season 1’s Night Shaym-Aliens!.	1
Oritsé is the only JLS member to have hazel eyes, the rest are brown.	1
The new version of "Follow Me" was released as its B-side in certain territories and received moderate promotion on TV, although never was released as a separate single.	0
Another name for Grévy’s Zebras are Imperial Zebras.	1
Jared Leto spent most of his early childhood travelling with his family across America.	1
He assisted on the Mystery Guitar video ‘Dual Action’ on YouTube.	1
The Earthman Elijah Baley (the detective hero of the previous Robot books), has died nearly two centuries earlier.	0
The Hindu calendar has 2 more seasons than the western 4, these are monsoon that comes just before autumn, and prevernal that comes after winter.	1
The waters are very poor in dissolved nutrients and rich in humic acids and tannins, which give them its characteristic brown color.	0
After the release of Renegades, the remaining three members of the band reformed with Chris Cornell on vocals as Audioslave.	0
She says Shania Twain is her biggest musical influence, however she’s also ‘devoted’ to Britney Spears.	1
The persons mentioned would have been only the heads of families, and so the total population of the manor (on the usual reckoning of 4.5 persons per family) would have been in the region of 200 people.	0
Even today, erosion from the Colorado River, wind, and rain continues to alter the Canyon.	1
His favourite actress is Isabelle Huppert.	1
Militia companies from Princess Anne County in the Province of Virginia assembled at Kemp's Landing to counter British troops under the command of Virginia's last colonial governor, John Murray, Lord Dunmore, that had landed at nearby Great Bridge.	0
Although he addresses Kanou as 'nī-san' (Japanese for 'older brother'), he is not related to Kanou.	0
It was later covered on newsstand issues with a sticker that read "Runaway Bride".	0
bar:1931 at:6365 fontsize:XS text: 6365 shift:(-8,5)	0
Three days before the killings, they approached a PFLP member with a request for weapons, but were rebuffed.	0
SAFE Shimoni is an active, dynamic health outreach organization of about 30 individuals (men and women) that travel to schools and community centers in/around Shimoni in an effort to educate and raise awareness.	0
They can also pant like a dog as well.	0
Vinorelbine received approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in December 1994 sponsored by Burroughs Wellcome Company.	0
He dropped out of school after the 8th grade.	1
Lisa’s first boyfriend was schoolmate, Nelson Muntz.	1
Purpose‘s third single, Love Yourself, also smashed its way through the charts worldwide, hitting the number-one spot in 9 countries!	1
But some thought that Salinger shamed himself with this particular piece of work.	0
In 2001 general election Bepin Segato, a separatist activist in jail for having opposed Italian national unity, was a party candidate for the Senate.	0
She now works as an advocate fostering understanding for survivors of burns or other disfigurements.	0
Alexopolous, Charles W. Mims, M. Blackwell et al., Introductory Mycology, 4th ed.	0
The scroll was extensively illustrated by a famous artist, and contained Ueshiba's written explanations of techniques.	0
The first recorded human exposure was undertaken in 1910 by Bornstein when two men breathed oxygen at for 30 minutes while he went on to 48 minutes with no symptoms.	0
Its Slovak version Skalický trdelník was registered in December 2007 as PGI (protected geographical indication) in the European Union.	0
In the film Jersey Boys, Pesci is portrayed by Joey Russo with nods to his prior films Lethal Weapon 2 and GoodFellas.	0
- One double-turret Vickers Mk.E Type A tank captured to Bolivia, later used as monument, returned to Bolivia in 1994.	0
He holds a Bachelor of Arts in English degree from the University of Maine.	1
In the Judeo-Christian liturgical calendar, Thursday is often abbreviated to Th or Thu.	1
In Canada, letters sent to Santa go to postcode “H0H 0H0”.	1
The charges below, the antlers (“attires”) and the oakleaf, stand for the municipality’s wealth in woodland and wildlife.	0
Harry likes to take food of other people’s plates!	1
A dry riser is a main vertical pipe intended to distribute water to multiple levels of a building or structure as a component of the fire suppression systems.	0
Andrew Selby is a Welsh amateur boxer from Barry, Wales, competing in the 52 kg (flyweight) division and representing Splott ABC and GB Boxing.	0
A skilled thangka artist will generally select from a variety of predesigned items to include in the composition, ranging from alms bowls and animals, to the shape, size, and angle of a figure's eyes, nose, and lips.	0
The reconstruction efforts involved the labour of trainees from different religious and political backgrounds in Northern Ireland's disadvantaged areas who were funded by the International Fund for Ireland.	0
"Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" - 12:26	0
AC/DC conversion must take place from the grids AC supply to the PHEV's DC.	0
They turned down multi-million dollar contracts with Diet Coke, Gap and Gatorade.	1
Also known as a Splash Mountain, this powerbomb is similar to the Crucifix Powerbomb, but instead of the wrestler falling forward to drop the opponent, the attacking wrestler falls to a seated position for a pinfall attempt instead of releasing the opponent.	0
The chapel contains one small altarpiece which came from the Franciscan church in Zinacantepec, to the west of Mexico City, and is dedicated to the birth of Jesus.	0
The expansion Napoleon's Ambition extends the end game year forward to 1821, whereas the expansion In Nomine moves the starting year back to 1399.	0
The real name of Master Chief from Halo is John.	1
10 "Marvo Ging", featured in Season two of The O.C., in the episode .	0
BTS performed at the 2017 American Music Awards which was their first ever TV performance in the United States.	1
Many of the names were derived from Roman Gladiatorial names.	1
The average person takes 12 seconds to count to 24.	1
| 15 September 1948 || Maj. Richard L. Johnson, USAF || 670.84 || 1079.6 || North American F-86A-3 Sabre || Cleveland, US ||	0
According to Aristotle’s conception of epideixis, “the present is the most important; for all speakers praise or blame in regard to existing qualities, but they often make use of other things, both reminding of the past and projecting the course of the future” (Rhet.	0
Leopards have been observed walking 1–25 km (0.62–15.53 mi) across their range at night; they may even wander up to 75 km (47 mi) if disturbed.	0
WeaponsTidal Spear and Rhotuka Launching Shield	0
HIT BILANZ Deutsche Chart Singles 1956-1980.	0
Metric: where a lower metric/cost is preferred (only valid within one and the same routing protocol)	0
Results of retrospective pre/post-surveys indicate that children enrolled in the program showed life skill gain over time, and that gains on specific life skills differed as a function of age, gender, and ethnicity.	0
Justin has been claustrophobic since the age of 7.	1
Grand Cayman is about 22 miles long and 4 to 8 miles wide and pretty much at sea level.	1
23% of people regret their tattoos, with the biggest regret being a tattooed name.	1
Around the 1970s some criminals established marijuana farms.	0
The Amazon rainforest produces half the world’s oxygen supply!	1
Tatematsu died on February 8, 2010 at a Tokyo hospital.	0
So began the Christianizing and gradual subjection of the local Liv tribes.	0
In 1976, after intensive efforts to recruit workers, the number of workers rose to one-third of the KSČ membership, i.e., approximately its 1962 level.	0
They are frequently found with ants.	0
The same design is used for the lesser coat of arms	0
New York: International Music Company, 1964.	0
Terrell was a delegate to the International Peace Conference after the end of the war.	0
Volta a Catalunya, Teams classificationUCI World TourThe riders on the squad were Dan Martin, Ryder Hesjedal, Koldo Fernández, Tom Danielson, Janier Acevedo, Nate Brown, Andrew Talansky, and Phil Gaimon.	0
1836: Ferdinand Öchsle in Pforzheim invented a device for measuring the sugar content in freshly pressed grape juice for assessing the future quality of wine (Mostwaage).	0
Short names (8 characters or fewer) are stored directly in the symbol table; longer names are stored as an offset into the string table at the end of the COFF object.	0
After that, he made five successful defenses, and had to travel to exotic places, including Indonesia and Nigeria, in order to make some of them.	0
At times Muhammad would say of him, "I feel the breath of the Merciful, coming to me from Yemen."	0
His primetime debut was in 1996, in Harvest of Fire.	1
Brad Anderson succeeded Richard Schulze as Best Buy CEO in July 2002.	0
St. Petrus zu den Ketten, Elze, Lower Saxony	0
Similarly, in Kenora, former CTV affiliate, CJBN-TV (which is owned by Shaw), switched to full-time Global programming in late 2011.	0
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, creator of Sherlock Holmes, was a goalie for AFC Portsmouth.	1
In May 1812, the British vessels Hyacinth, Termagant and Basilisk supported Spanish guerrillas on the coast of Granada, against the French.	0
The Canton of Bern school system provides one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of Primary school.	0
On June 23, the Padres have the first two games in the series against the Tampa Bay Rays.	0
The title for Lady Gaga’s single ‘Born This Way’ was inspired by Carl Bean’s 1977 gay disco anthem: “I Was Born This Way”.	1
While people are hesitant to buy cats of opposite sexes, they will actually get along better than those of the same sex.	1
Tom Cruise earned $75 Million for his role in Mission Impossible 2.	1
The R-X cannot be used to react with the alcohol.	0
Sanders sold his company for $2 million to investors in 1964 who guaranteed him a place on the board as a quality controller, a lifetime salary and appearances in commercials.	1
In 1976, she was appointed as minister of culture and served in the post until 2000.	0
WaterActivity of liquid water Past/future liquid (ice) inventories Salinity, pH, and Eh of available water	0
During this time he met and married (1976) his present wife, Caroline.	0
In 2010, Time quoted her husband Luc Besson saying she was a more perfect producer than he was and that she hereby enabled him to focus on directing his artistically most demanding, sumptuous film The Lady (2011).	0
Volkswagen owns Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Audi, Ducati and Porsche.	1
The group met initially in Kirchner's first studio, which had previously been a butcher's shop.	0
Arthur built an extravagant house in Newport and even made proposals to modernize the town square.	0
website at HistoryShelf.org (Consulted 18 March 2007)	0
Steven is an investor of a Korean-Mediterranean fusion restaurant in Koreatown, Los Angeles called ‘The Bun Shop’.	1
Ariana joined YouTube on 21st January 2007.	1
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.	0
When she was just nine years old, Becky claims she had a “mid-life crisis” where she decided she was going to pursue a career in music.	1
Drake also has a clothing label, also called OVO, from which he generates further income.	1
Vledder is a village in the Dutch province of Drenthe.	0
His next event was the 2012 International Challenge Cup; he finished first in the free skating and overall, as well as receiving credit for two different quad jumps in the short program.	0
Only 18 months after YouTube was founded, Google bought it for $1.65 billion in stocks.	1
People spend almost half of their waking hours daydreaming!	1
In 2016, 436 leopard deaths were recorded in India - including 154 killings at the hands of poachers.	0
Charles Smithson – the main male character.	0
To return to the country to all the participants are offered a dinner of local products, accompanied by singing, dancing and games of folklore Abruzzo.	0
1957 - Evangelos Venizelos, Greek lawyer and politician, Deputy Prime Minister of Greece	0
William McDougall, a nineteenth-century Canadian politician and lieutenant governor of Rupert&apos;s Land and the North-Western Territory.	0
Maritime patrol aircraft, like Nimrod, P-3 Orion	0
Luther’s friend and collaborator Johann Walther wrote responsorial Passions which were used as models by Lutheran composers for centuries, and “summa Passionis” versions continued to circulate, despite Luther’s express disapproval.	0
The committee disempowers Rick due to his poor leadership.	0
The Yo-Yo Loach is named for the markings on its body that appear to be Y’s and O’s.	1
She has two brothers; Edward and Thomas.	1
Chocolate produces the effects of a mild anti-depressant by increasing serotonin and endorphin levels in the brain.	1
He died in Pleasantville, New Jersey at the age of 75, of lung cancer.	0
The armadillo shell is made out of bone that grows directly from their vertebrae.	1
Michigan has no state song apart from an old song written to the Christmas song “O Tannenbaum” which had the lyrics “Michagan, My Michigan”.	1
Dykes Bower also built a small Parish Room to the North East of the church in 17th century style and a Georgian-style rectory, adjacent to the church, on Foster Lane in 1959, in the first floor room of which is an important mural by Hans Feibusch on the subject of Jacob and the Angel.	0
Seaford returned three Members of Parliament who went on to become Prime Minister: Henry Pelham represented the town from 1717 to 1722, William Pitt the Elder from 1747 to 1754 and George Canning in 1827.	0
replaces the thick layer of fat most other breeds have for insulation.	0
2010 World Championship NORCECA Qualification Pool H "Best Server"	0
It was voted the Q magazine's 'Album of the Year'.	0
People blind from birth are not able to see images in their dreams, but their dreams involve other senses like touch, sound, smell and emotions!	1
Chimpanzees are intriguing animals, not least of all because they are genetically and behaviourally similar to people.	1
Google pays Mozilla millions of dollars a year so that Google acts as default search engine of the Mozilla Firefox web browser.	1
It can be typed with the Jawi keyboard.	0
In Japanese, the word for Wednesday (sui youbi) means “water day,” as it is associated with the planet Mercury (suisei), which means “water star.”	1
"Fake Blues" b/w "Green River" (7″ Half Machine, 2009) UK issue	0
Soultzeren is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	0
National Candy Cane Day is celebrated 26th December in the United States.	1
The rule A will recognize xxxxxb (by first descending into X to recognize one x, and again descending into X until all the x ' s are consumed, and then recognizing the b), and then return to S, and fail to recognize a c. The next clause of S will then descend into B, which in turn again descends into X and recognizes the x ' s by means of many recursive calls to X, and then a b, and returns to S and finally recognizes a d.	0
With respect to Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi's work Iran has provided some information which the IAEA says "are not inconsistent with its findings", but the IAEA continues to seek corroboration of its findings.	0
In 1960 he was appointed Deputy Secretary to oversee the security of the party and the state.	0
Frontiersman: Daniel Boone and the Making of America.	0
Read more on the webpage http://www.vaxjo.se/english	0
The larvae probably feed on grasses and sedges.	0
Harsh penalties lead to racial disparity.	0
Gierzwałd (German Geyerswalde) is a village in Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	0
In 1986 the Salorn Breed was officially established, with precise	0
The casino was first opened in 1959.	0
Her full name is Katy Hudson.	1
Creil ... Persan-Beaumont ... Pontoise (see Transilien H for details)	0
Medical errors are the 6th leading cause of the death in the U.S.	1
In its most extreme form, language learning is seen as basically the same as any other learning in any other species, human language being essentially the same as communication behaviors seen in other species.	0
Seven straight cuts through a pizza can divide it into as many as 29 pieces.	1
For contingent, limited and finite creatures, no such unified world view is possible.	0
A baby toucan is incubated for around 20 days, when they are born they don’t have their characteristic beak, they develop this as they grow.	1
It was their intention to build a self-contained community with smallholdings, public buildings, open spaces, recreation grounds, woodland and a railway station, as well as developing sites for churches, hotels and factories.	0
He actually has a manager, and he used to work for Sean Penn.	1
Great Britain were awarded the victory due to a higher points table placing after the pool rounds of the competition.	0
Barack Obama is the first black US senator.	1
The traditional reading of "rib" has been questioned recently by feminist theologians who suggest it should instead be rendered as "side", supporting the idea that woman is man's equal and not his subordinate.	0
The first contingent of the Belgian Expeditionary Corps, some 333 volunteers equipped with Minerva Armoured Cars, arrived in Archangel in October 1915.	0
The vertical triple expansion steam engines were identical to those of the Niitaka-class with a slight increase in power.	0
Indeed, ramp's vitamin and mineral content did bolster the health of people who went without many green vegetables during the winter.	0
Two huge 22 storey blocks, Cairngorm and Grampian House on the north edge, survived less long and were removed in the mid-1990s.	0
Some conservation and restoration efforts were demonstrated in 2008 by researchers from the University of Pennsylvania, and a handful of local groups advocated for funds to complete the floor's restoration.	0
Doerr batted over .300 three times, with six seasons of at least 100 runs batted in.	0
In 2014, Becky G started to release singles from her debut album which is, as of yet, untitled.	1
He is , weighing in at .	0
The primary target for ponatinib is BCR-ABL, an abnormal tyrosine kinase that is the hallmark of CML and Ph+ ALL.	0
The concept of eggnog in America was apparently devised in 1607 at Captain John Smith’s Jameston Settlement.	1
Nashid Al HobbGibran Khalil GibranJoseph KhalifehReleased in 2001	0
Despite being the band's highest-charting album in the US, it was negatively received by reviewers, sharply divided the band's fanbase, and was a commercial failure.	0
A sample of some of these sculptors' work is on display in the British Galleries.	0
One of her best-known songs is Rata de dos patas (Eng: "Two-legged rat"), in which she uses a rat as a metaphor for a man.	0
Anthidium manicatum is commonly known as the wool carder bee which uses comblike mandibles to "comb" plant fibers into its brood cell walls.	0
The transfer was completed on 30 September 2011.	0
According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.99%) is land and (or 0.01%) is water.	0
The Mongolian Minister of Justice estimated 220 civilians and 108 service members were injured.	0
Beaton Tulk (born 1944), Canadian politician	0
On 26 October 2006, the Base Commander Colonel Rick Pitre led a parade of personnel in a ceremonial march-out of the Underground Complex, symbolically closing out all military operations in the Underground Complex for good.	0
The disease caused liver failure, and Nabors was given a dim prognosis; however, his friend Carol Burnett made an arrangement with the transplant division of UCLA and secured Nabors a transplant.	0
Low oxygen levels trigger a rise in 1,3BPG levels which in turn raises the level of 2,3BPG which alters the efficiency of oxygen dissociation from hemoglobin.	0
Blueberries are very high in antioxidants	1
The main road and railway brought better transport connections, but also reduced the need for boat services on the lake.	0
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth (most males have 40, females 36)	1
| 11 December 2011 || SL ||colspan=4 align=center| cancelled, lack of snow; rescheduled to 8 December in Beaver Creek	0
The largest island in the Mediterranean sea is Sicily	1
As explained above, both diffuse and dense clouds have the same formation mechanism for H 3 + , but different dominating destruction mechanisms.	0
Ashley L. Lee – backing vocals	0
BC) after a period when Liaoning-style bronze daggers and other bronze artifacts were exchanged as far as the interior part of the Southern Peninsula (c. 900–700 BC).	0
In 1988 and 1991, the National Law Journal ranked her as one of the top 100 most influential lawyers in the United States.	1
Beyoncé once said that her marriage to Jay-Z isn’t ‘perfect’, but that no marriages are perfect and even though they argue like normal couples they are still very happy together.	1
During the First World War, so many starving wolves had amassed together in a great pack that opposing German and Russian forces formed a temporary alliance in order to fight them off!	1
For his first X-Factor audition, James Arthur did his own version of Tulisa’s Young.	1
If you’ve ever wondered why Yoga Jones sounds so familiar, this is because she was the voice for Patti Mayonnaise on Doug.	1
Double elbow drop, with Scotty and Sexay joining hands before dropping their elbows	0
Hagen's won the Kniksen award as Defender of the Year, and as Kniksen of the Year in 2004.	0
Eyes are the second most complex organ in the body, after the brain.	1
United Conservatives of Ohio (2003-4, 2005-6)	0
Although some of them, particularly those recorded in America, were produced after he had passed his artistic zenith, these records still prove Schorr's vocal strength and solidity, his clear diction, his excellent breathing, and the great emotional expressiveness of his interpretations.	0
Before the protest was heard, Grigoryev scored a goal in Rostov's 2-1 victory over FC Dynamo Moscow in the 2010–11 Russian Cup quarterfinal.	0
The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.	1
It was definitively separated from the neighboring Duchy of Burgundy upon the latter's incorporation into the Kingdom of France in 1477.	0
With a mean distance of 150 million kilometres from the Sun to the Earth, it takes light roughly eight minutes and 20 seconds to travel to the Earth.	1
In his youth, Marcellus quickly distinguished himself as an ambitious warrior, known for his skill in hand-to-hand combat.	0
There were 5 ballot items for the same seat: a routine one, to fill the Class 2 seat beginning with the 112th United States Congress beginning on January 3, 2011, and a special item, to fill that seat for the final weeks of the 111th Congress, replacing the temporary appointment of Roland Burris to the vacancy created by Barack Obama's election to the presidency.	0
SOS Children's Villages is currently active in 132 countries and territories.	0
Augsburg has been the seat of a bishop for over 1250 years.	0
Palau Island megapode, Megapodius laperouse senex	0
The "Speed of the 1990s" is designed to carry out the economic goals of the decade.	0
Holbrook's Senator character is conducting an investigation into the incident.	0
The following year, in 2013, the band was signed to Kitsuné Records.	1
‘The A Team’ sold over 58,000 copies in its first week.	1
Johnsingh, AJT & K Paramanandham (1982) Group care of white-headed babblers Turdoides affinis for a pied-crested cuckoo Clamator jacobinus chick.	0
Hopper helped Ray secure a position at Harpur College of Arts and Sciences at Binghamton University in upstate New York.	0
Cold Sunday is the name given to Sunday the 17th of January in 1982, when incredibly cold air swept into the U.S. from Canada and plunged temperatures across most of the States far below their existing all-time lows.	1
"#$%&'()*+,-./C0 Controls and Basic Latin (identical to ASCII)	0
Burger King took its variety to new heights in 2016, creating the ‘Whopperito’ a Whopper burger in a flour tortilla.	1
Hard links were originally included to support the POSIX subsystem in Windows NT.	0
On the dispersal of his library, the volumes most useful to him were secured by friends and placed in the Liverpool Athenaeum.	0
Munster Blackwater, a river which runs through the counties of Kerry, Cork, and Waterford	0
In order to switch efficiently between active threads, each active thread needs to have its own	0
Despite his apparent cockiness, Bosco did not lose his virginity until he was in his twenties, but has since made up for lost time.	0
The Launch Complex receives the Cyclone-4 launch vehicle horizontally by a railway that connects the launch complex to the technical complex.	0
On 1 January 1880 Morwell PO was renamed Morwell Bridge and Morwell Railway Station PO (open since 1877) became the main Morwell PO.	0
Variant spellings include Prinzloo and Prinslo.	0
There are three extinct breeds: Bali, Caspian and Javan.	1
There were 26–42 cougars estimated after wolf establishment (1998–2005).	1
The Backpack Kid’s backpack isn’t empty – in it he carries a full water bottle, a charger, fidget spinners, and earbuds to keep it weighted in place while he dances.	1
The neighborhood extends from the Ala Wai Canal (a channel dug to drain former wetlands) on the west and north, to Diamond Head (Lē ahi) on the east.	0
The Toyota bB is a small wagon produced by the Toyota Motor Corporation.	0
Average global temperature is up 0.94°C (1.7°F) since 1880.	1
If you use your hands to catch fish in Kansas, it is illegal to use a bathtub to attract fish.	1
While keeping bulls for breeding isn’t as common of a practice as it used to be on dairy farms, they are still often used in the beef industry.	0
However in 2008, seizures began rising again, and have continued to rise in 2009.	0
Victor Sjöström as Eyvind of the Hills	0
Guiting-Guiting (literally means "the saw-toothed mountain", in reference to its jagged ridge).	0
Jang Bong-Mun (PRK) after knock-out in second round	0
Rondel de Stéphane de Mallarmé1917Voice, piano	0
Instead he was probably the son of a James Christie who in 1821 described himself as a tailor, late of Leicester Square but then of Newman Street, and who died in 1825 aged eighty-six.	0
The directors of the film Despicable Me actually wrote their own language for the Minions called Minionise.	1
Has appeared in 15 failed TV pilots.	1
1975: The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara	0
This resulted in the two cars No.	0
'bookkeeper' and 'bookkeeping' are the only 2 words in the English language with three consecutive double letters	1
The Vamps won two awards from ‘The Hot Hits Awards’ for Favourite New Artist and Best Group.	1
The closest living relatives of hippopotamuses are whales, dolphins and porpoises.	1
Pikachu has a special fondness for ketchup, but has been seen eating berries and apples.	1
It is rumored that Drake types out lyrics on his phone first before recording them in the studio.	1
1896 - Prime Minister Francesco Crispi resigns following the Italian defeat at the Battle of Adowa.	0
Mueang Chiang Rai ( , ; : Mueang Chiang Hai; Lao: Mueang Xieng Hai) is a city in Amphoe Mueang Chiang Rai, Changwat Chiang Rai.	0
Reaching sizes up to 1.1 m (43 in), haddock is fished year-round.	1
If too much ground water is pumped near the coast, salt-water may intrude into freshwater aquifers causing contamination of potable freshwater supplies.	0
Partners in Research, a Canadian charity dedicated to bio-medical research	0
While two-thirds of people need to have glasses for either reading or long-distance, the rest of the population has 20-20 vision.	1
"Rock N Roll"Avril LavigneEasy2013Solo♀11 February 2014	0
There wasn't enough time to chase him again so Alonso went on to win the race, the first for the brand-new F2012.	0
The acquisition of this company consolidates the presence of Sabena technics across the Atlantic.	0
Originally, Galadriel wanted Gandalf to be the head of The White Council, but he refused because he did not want to be restricted by anything except the Valar that sent him.	1
The two arenas are both circular, with the larger, centrally located space covered by a steel and concrete panel roof intended to echo the form of the tents of the original site.	0
While were speaking about Laverne Cox’s back-story; if you’ve ever wondered how they managed to make her pre-transitions scenes look so realistic, is because the actor was actually her real life twin brother.	1
One act in particular that Brad would love to support is Arctic Monkeys, as they have been a massive influence for him.	1
Willie &quot;Big Eyes&quot; Smith - drums	0
The summer of 2008 also saw the release of GZA's Pro Tools album.	0
An FMLN sapper attack against Ilopango in 1982 destroyed several Ouragans and accelerated the push to supplant, and eventually replace, the Ouragans with American-made Cessna A-37 Dragonfly aircraft, which were made available after the Reagan Administration dropped the arms embargo.	0
A throw is legal only if the tip of the javelin lands within this sector, and the tip strikes the ground before any other part of the javelin.	0
Different estimates for aquatic gastropods (based on different sources) give about 30,000 species of marine gastropods, and about 5,000 species of freshwater and brackish gastropods.	0
Castromán began his professional career with Vélez Sársfield in 1997, with Marcelo Bielsa as a coach.	0
Cat News (Special Issue 1): 4–8.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)	0
KPA soldiers serve 10 years of military service in the KPA, which also runs its own factories, farms and trading arms.	0
Since the 1970s, the price of gold has steadily increased.	0
The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars gave Bowie his most recognised alter-ego yet – Ziggy Stardust.	1
The town name was spelled "Gonzawa" "Gonsawa", "Gassawa", etc.	0
The average person falls asleep in 7 minutes	1
Promoted to général de division, he set out for Egypt, distinguishing himself before Alexandria, making a vital contribution to the capture of Cairo (by attacking an important enemy position), acting as one of the commanders of the left wing at the Battle of the Pyramids and contributing to the unexpected success at Mont-Thabor (in attacking the rear of the enemy attacked from the front by Kléber).	0
After the end of the Würm Ice Age (about 9650 BC) the water level of Lake Constance was at about 405 m above the current sea level, or about 10 metres above the present level.	0
Symphony Concertante for piano and orchestra (1941)	0
Pasta has many health benefits, as it is low in calorific value and contains various nutrients and minerals.	1
It was regarded as being quite distinct from the plague, the pestilential fever or other epidemics previously known, not only by the special symptom that gave it its name, but also by its extremely rapid and fatal course.	0
1st Schnellboot-Demi-Flotilla— During this command he attended two more training courses, anti-gas defence (4 February 1932 – 17 February 1932) and a Spanish language interpreter training vacation (5 May 1932 – 15 June 1932).	0
On Boxing Day 2004 a massive earthquake created a tsunami around the Indian Ocean resulting in the deaths of over 300,000 people.	1
As Johnson argues, "her pamphlet as a whole refutes the Burkean axiom 'to make us love our country, our country ought to be lovely'"; Wollstonecraft successfully challenges Burke's rhetoric of the beautiful with the rhetoric of the rational.	0
Ash’s Bulbasaur previously lived with a girl named Melanie who looked after abandoned Pokémon.	1
The son of U.S. Representative John Henry Kyl, he was born and raised in Nebraska and lived for some time in Iowa.	0
Since Amazon developed Alexa, the number of babies in the US that have been named Alexa has fallen by a 3rd.	1
Truex took over again and stayed up front until Kenseth went by on lap 153.	0
25 Ta Life – "Bullet for every Enemy"	0
The stadium opened on June 16, 1957, as 16,000 people came to watch Galway beat Tipperary in hurling, and Kerry in football, and to watch Bishop Michael Browne bless the facility.	0
The Shield, particularly the portion in the Northwest Territories, has recently been the site of several major diamond discoveries.	0
The first recorded name for sweet corn was 'Papoon'.	1
The 1904 St Louis, 1932/1984 LA and Atlanta 1996 games mean that the US has hosted the Olympics more than any other country.	1
The Timucua had dark skin, usually brown, and black hair.	0
Marie Antoinette's last words were "Pardon me, sir, I meant not to do it," an apology to her executioner for stepping on his toes.	1
The Donkey Kong franchise worldwide has sold over 40 million units.	1
Scotland has more than 400 words and expressions for "snow."	1
In the anime adaptation, the engagement is removed as are many of their dates, however they are still shown to have affection for one another.	0
Best Short Film Academy Award nomination.	0
Ron Swanson’s character on Parks and Recreation is based off a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.	1
Mars has the largest dust storms in the whole solar system which can even last for months!	1
Selena Gomez is a huge fan of Cheryl Cole and wishes to record a duet with her.	1
Class Sarcopterygii (lobe-finned fish: 8 species)	0
Royal approval was signified through the holding of a large National Rally at the Palace in 1913.	0
Due to this linguistic difference, a Japanese library is not suitable for singing in English.	0
The total count of his surviving works consists of about 39 plays, 154 sonnets, two narrative poems and other unclassified works.	1
The team finished 32nd best of 1998, and with an increased budget of €2,400,000 combined,	0
July 18, 2010 - May 1, 2011	0
The bank’s assets totalled 8 355.8 billion roubles as of 30 June 2013, and its capital came to 866.5 billion roubles.	0
Kang Leo Kim So-hee Noh Hee-young	0
1954, Published photos in Life Magazine of Yang Kai Ono Takahiro Saidaiji,(naked festival)	0
This development changing the concept and administration of higher education in Argentina, and in a good portion of Latin America.	0
Silesian Stadium, the largest sports stadium in Poland	0
← toward Charles de Gaulle – Étoile (Saint-Jacques)	0
YouTube star Grumpy Cat earned more than Gwyneth Paltrow in 2014.	1
With the new technology a purchaser might also risk someone finding out that he (or she) has watched this pornographic movie 1000 times.	0
Fusine is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Sondrio.	0
By 2020, depression will be one of the leading cause of death and disability!	1
Employees were required to live in Pullman, despite the fact that cheaper rentals could be found in nearby communities.	0
The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed most.	1
It was released as a limited 7" single for Record Store Day 2011 (16 April 2011) with a remix by David Lynch.	0
Grande Chartreuse ( ) is the head monastery of the Carthusian order.	0
The term is used to distinguish these organisations from the usual traditionalist or conservative character of the Basque Nationalist Party.	0
Among all Lepidoptera, pyraloids show the most diverse life history adaptations.	0
A minority left the FORA and founded the FORA V, as it stuck to the resolution from the fifth congress.	0
"bailando" People gave Gente D' Zona possible to break through, especially in the U.S. market, where it is so difficult to get the music of Cuban artists living in Cuba.	0
9 was the first fully animated Burton film – the rest had been stop-motion.	1
One of his brothers, Robert, became Bishop of Salisbury and another, Maurice, was a founding shareholder of the East India Company who became the company's governor and later Lord Mayor of London.	0
While the planes were grounded, there was one exception made to this ruling.	1
James Lindenbaum, Adam Wiggins, and Orion Henry founded Heroku supporting Rack-compatible projects.	0
1993 – De schoonheid van een total loss (play)	0
With the influx of cash from the sale of G+W's industrial properties in the mid-1980s, Paramount bought a string of television stations and KECO Entertainment's theme park operations, renaming them Paramount Parks.	0
Finally, John Locke has the final line in the entire series “We’ve been waiting for you”.	1
Erect branching twigs emerge from long flexible prostrate stems, which are produced by single roots.	0
Gmina Pabianice contains the villages and settlements of Bychlew, Górka Pabianicka, Gorzew, Hermanów, Huta Janowska, Jadwinin, Janowice, Konin, Kudrowice, Majówka, Okołowice, Osiedle Petrykozy, Pawlikowice, Petrykozy, Piątkowisko, Porszewice, Rydzyny, Świątniki, Szynkielew, Terenin, Władysławów, Wola Żytowska, Wysieradz and Żytowice.	0
By the 1880s the .577/.450 Boxer Henry round was recognised by the NRA as a 900-yard cartridge, as shooting the Martini out to 1,000 yards or (3/4 of a mile) was difficult, and took great skill to assess the correct amount of windage to drop the 485 grain bullet on the target.	0
San Francisco 49ers Academy, a 6–8 district school, is in East Palo Alto.	0
A sharks top speed is 70kmh (44mph)	1
Through the use of jump cuts between melodramatic scenes with Buffy, and for instance, informant Willy the Barkeeper (Saverio Guerra) to Xander and a gang of zombies in a drunken car journey, Xander is used as a vehicle to point out the ways in which Buffy ordinarily avoids being "over the top" by integrating Xander (as the show's source of humour) into the main narrative rather than separating the two.	0
That field is controlled by switching current flow through the coils on or off, usually under computerized feedback control.	0
This book was a revision of Henderson's earlier book titled The Bamboo Broom (Houghton Mifflin, 1934).	0
Elm Farm Ollie was the first cow that flew on an airplane back in February 1930.	1
Bulls are capable of remaining profitable at stud to the age of 12 or more.	1
OFZs were introduced in June 1995 to complement the GKO market as an instrument with medium and long-term standing.	0
Many characters mentioned here were introduced in the Original series, but play minor or significant roles in The New Prophecy and Power of Three series as well.	0
Your body has lots of iron in it – there’s enough to grow your nails to a maximum of three inches long!	1
Oddworld also was nominated for a Grammy with the release of Abe's Exoddus: the Movie (a short film combined with cutscenes from Exoddus).	0
2012 AVN Award nominee – Best Solo Scene –	0
These included a Bodhisattva Piṭaka and a Mantra Piṭaka (Ch.	0
After a federal judge ruled that the film's video release would be delayed until the case went to trial unless a settlement was reached, Warner Bros. agreed to edit the scene for future releases and to attach stickers to unedited videotapes to indicate there was no relation between the sculpture in the film and Hart's work.	0
The key to all of his systems was to have the parity bits overlap, such that they managed to check each other as well as the data.	0
albums saw his lyrics become concerned with recurring themes such as doomed romance, loneliness and loss.	0
Overall standings (after 3 of 26 races): (1) Neuner 156 points (2) Mäkäräinen 145 (3) Berger 126	0
Soon afterwards, his father sadly dies.	0
A contest on which country Justin should tour was rigged by haters, putting North Korea as the lead country.	1
You can recognize a sound in as little as 0.05 seconds, which is less time than it takes to blink.	1
Before accepting any roles Freddie always has a full discussion with his mother and the rest of his family to seek their opinions and advice.	1
Out of her desire to release them, Swift pondered the idea of re-releasing Fearless with the songs.	0
A large group of Ankaragücü supporters made their way onto the pitch and unveiled a large banner reading, 'Our brother Abdul will never die, he lives on in our hearts'.	0
There is at least one record of a black bear killing a wolverine in a dispute over food in Yellowstone National Park.	0
It was not until 1913 that, in the words of D.S.	0
XXXXX-309 Citizens Bank of Canada (Canada)	0
The Abyss of Nothingness - Seen in a few episodes, it is said to be a vast black hole filled with misery and despair from which no one can escape.	0
The lotus-eaters in Homer’s Odyssey was not eaters of the lotus found in Asia but rather consumed a prickly shrub with a sweet, mealy fruit found in the Mediterranean.	0
1962 : Les Dimanches de Ville d&apos;Avray : Lulu	0
It is published by the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.	0
Take a Flying Leap from 125 Feet in the Air (Note: Additional Fee Required)	0
The b-side was released when the band starts to working in your second Full Length in New York.	0
"Masochistic Modernisms: A Reading of Eliot and Woolf."	0
The band shared two adjoining flats in South London, with Jay’s pet lizard, Neytiri.	1
Majorian is installed as Western emperor.	0
His full name is John Christopher Depp II.	1
Since 1996, every August 13th is celebrated as “Left-Handers Day“!	1
Antoine Vestier (1740–1824) was a French miniaturist and painter of portraits, born at Avallon in Burgundy, who trained in the atelier of Jean-Baptiste Pierre.	0
The even-toed ungulates are ungulates whose weight is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes, rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in perissodactyls.	0
The Beatles had Christmas number ones in 1963, 65 and 67, giving them the record for the most Christmas number ones.	1
Additionally, it can be held in the middle like a staff and strike and block from either end.	0
Briefing for a Descent into Hell (1971)	0
Vitamin C deficiency has been reported to possibly be associated with development of cephalohematomas.	0
South Hadley was an uninhabited area of Hadley from 1659 until 1721 when the first English settlers arrived from Hadley.	0
This achievement was aided by the fact that all Ukrainian opposition withdrew following the dissolution of the Soviet Union.	0
Her second studio Album, called “Thank You” was influenced by Elvis Presley, Aretha Franklin &amp; Bruno Mars.	1
Floyd Bannister was a pitcher in Major League Baseball.	0
Jupiter’s largest moon is called Ganymede, and has a greater diameter then the planet Mercury.	1
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.	1
Nash quit Magcon in early 2014 as he felt like it was limiting his future career.	1
He once created a series of fake bank notes with the late Princess Diana’s picture on them instead of that of Queen Elizabeth.	1
The puritan pilgrims renounced Christmas, from 1659 to 1682, it was actually a crime to celebrate!	1
As the authors write on p xiii, "Each solution is stated in such a way that it gives the essential field of relationships needed to solve the problem, but in a very general and abstract way—so that you can solve the problem for yourself, in your own way, by adapting it to your preferences, and the local conditions at the place where you are making it."	0
He has a pet dog called Boris and two cats called Rolo and Tom.	1
In the course of that development, the basic concepts of phonology were discovered and defined."	0
Ash’s favorite color is dark green.	1
Reaching sizes up to 1.1 m (43 in), haddock is fished year-round.	1
Sir Reginald Hart, British Army General and Victoria Cross recipient	0
Some of this water will flash into steam as it is released into the next stage at lower pressure than the stage it came from.	0
As an electrocatalyst in the conversion of CO 2 to CO.	0
1988The Tenth ManThe ImposterTelevision movie Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie Nominated—Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film	0
The song has increased in stature since its release; this is proved by it being voted second best of all Blur singles on blurtalk.com.	0
Starting around 1883, numerous souvenirs, made from recently salvaged iron and wood raised from Virginia s sunken hulk, found a ready and willing market among eastern seaboard residents who remembered the historic first battle between ironclads.	0
Alf Hansen (b) Frank Hansen (s)06:26.98	0
Because of the rich Baroque architectural monuments found in the city, Lecce is commonly nicknamed "The Florence of the South".	0
Don Juan de Oñate, Mexican-born conquistador of Spanish parents	0
Solo show Witkin Vintage, Hasted Hunt, NYC Solo show Café Francoise, Brussels, Paris Photo.	0
A combe ( ; also spelled coombe or coomb and, in place names, comb) can either refer to a steep, narrow valley, or to a small valley or large hollow on the side of a hill; in any case, it is often understood simply to mean a small valley through which a watercourse does not run.	0
Sharks have prowled the waters for over 400 million years.	1
The resulting Later Jin was no more than a puppet state of the Liao.	0
Around the World in 80 Days (2004)	0
specific season and area closures during spawning;	0
Margit Sandemo (née Underdal, born 23 April 1924) is a Norwegian-Swedish historical fantasy author.	0
UCT has a total exceeding 9000 recognised sports participants.	0
The concept of interlanguage has become very widespread in SLA research, and is often a basic assumption made by researchers.	0
The word ‘jeans’ comes from the word ‘Genes’, which is the French word for the city of Genoa.	1
In December 2011, she won the national music prize Grote Prijs van Nederland in the hip hop category.	0
Elsom retaliated by throwing a punch at McCarthy's head, despite being held back by several Leinster and Connacht players.	0
McCormick has concluded that if money was coming in, some type of goods must have been going out – including slaves, timber, weapons, honey, amber, and furs.	0
One faction, with a leader called October, breaks into a US weapons depot and takes cases of hand bombs.	0
Typhoon Nabi, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Jolina, was a powerful typhoon that struck Japan in September 2005.	0
Kickers and punters tend to play a long time in the NFL and the only players not at these positions to play in over 300 games are wide receiver Jerry Rice and quarterback Brett Favre.	1
Spanish researchers have managed to develop a paper that keeps bread fresher for longer, possibly even up to 10 days, with cinnamon oil.	1
The insistence of the Yugoslav Army on trying to defend all the borders assured their failure from the start.	0
"Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg" (Dallas' Dirt Mix) - 5:56	0
Her mother, Mandy Cornett, remarried in 2006 to Brian Teefey.	1
BTS landed a spot on Time Magazine’s 2018 list of 25 Most Influential People on the Internet.	1
Texas produces the most wind power of any U.S. state.	1
However, the regulator rejected ITV's proposed removal of large elements of the "outdated" CRR Undertakings while maintaining an obligation on ITV to offer ITV1 airtime on "fair and reasonable" terms.	0
Semaphore Signaling, Chapter 2 of: Communications: an international history of the formative years, R.W.	0
She was once assumed to be identical with Agathe, this assumption is contradicted by a contemporary document in the Hessian State Archives, Marburg, which lists all members of the family.	0
Western beef tended to be canned, as the quality was inferior to the corn-fed beef of the Midwest.	0
MACL is governed by the board of directors appointed by the President of the Maldives.	0
Even in Arizona itself, additional tough measures against illegal immigration were having a difficult time gaining passage in the Arizona Senate.	0
In 2015, Becky took part in an honour concert for the regional singer Jenni Rivera who died in a plane crash late 2012.	1
They prefer shallow, murky water in a warm climate.	0
Its activity began on April 17, 1920 supervised by David Michel Torino, co-founder and owner of the newspaper.	0
→cas "steep" → glé chas "very steep"	0
In York, excluding Sundays there is no law against shooting a Scotsman with a bow and arrow.	1
Journal of the Botanical Research Institute of Texas.	0
This legislation will give the United States more control over its energy future, facilitate job creation to help revive the economy, and incentivize new technologies to leave our children with a cleaner, more sustainable environment.	0
Since the take-off with her writing career, Meyer’s husband has officially retired to take care of the children.	1
The American Fisheries Society has classified the species as "Vulnerable".	0
Robert Louis Stevenson, who suffered from tuberculosis, wintered in Davos in 1880 at the recommendation of his Edinburgh physician Dr. George Balfour.	0
A classic toy is the Magic 8-Ball "oracle".	0
The population of Indians fluctuated, from a high of 328 in 1756 to a low of 44 in 1777.	0
The building contained a chapel dedicated to St. Stanislaus Kostka.	0
This marked the end of Malakhov's pro career.	0
However, prior to the event's inauguration, he signed a contract with ASVEL.	0
In the general election of 1835 O'Connor was re-elected, but disqualified from being seated because he lacked property qualifications.	0
Prof. Khoury has also translated several dialogues between Byzantine Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos and an ""educated Persian" (presumably one who spoke Greek) in 1966.	0
‘Up All Night’ was the 16th biggest selling album of 2011.	1
Aaron wants to learn how to dance.	1
Their single ‘Move‘ was certified silver in the UK for sales of 200,000 and gold in Australia for sales of 35,000!	1
The Game Boy and Game Boy Color sold more than the Atari Lynx and Sega Genesis combined with 118.69 million units before being discontinued in 2000.	1
John B. Sollenberger Trophy Top point scorer:Derek Armstrong - Hartford Wolf Pack	0
Between their pregnancies, female giraffes only have a two-week window in which to get pregnant.	1
Oehrn spent the remainder of the war serving in several staff positions.	0
Chrissy is shown meeting a man driving a black car with a toy hedgehog hanging on the rear mirror - hedgehogs being another aspect of Ginny's drawing that Jerry believes to be a clue.	0
After I had become emperor, he was the only Japanese to call me 'His Majesty the Emperor', and when he was displeased with the tyrannical Kwantung Army, he told me that he believed that I could restore the name of the Qing dynasty.	0
This bout aired last on the PPV broadcast following the Taylor vs. Ruediger fight.	0
institution=Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada	0
"Le Canada et La Peur De L'annexion Americaine a L'epoque Victorienne, a Travers Les Dessins Politiques Canadiens" International Journal of Canadian Studies 2001 (23): 157-186.	0
He shipped it to England in two pieces (it was already in these pieces when found) to get it past the Papal antiquaries' customs checks.	0
His first full year of IndyCar competition came in 1993 and he won five times with his first win coming at Long Beach and the others at Cleveland, Toronto, Road America and Laguna Seca.	0
A 1 minute kiss burns 26 calories	1
Corruption was at a high level.	0
Artist Salvador Dali would often get out of paying for drinks and meals by drawing on the cheques, making them priceless works of art and therefore un-cashable.	1
Swallowing is a complex mechanism using both skeletal muscle (tongue) and smooth muscles of the pharynx and esophagus.	0
buyers did not include previous Daimler owners but rather people trading up from the bigger Ford, BMC or Rover cars.	0
Many automotive trimmers now work either in automotive design or with aftermarket trim shops carrying out repairs, restorations or conversions for customers directly.	0
It is threatened by habitat loss.	0
Some variations of the surname Engelbrecht such as Engelbert and Engelberdt are common.	0
Most of its use is in the context of Unicodification, where it refers to encodings that fail to cover all Unicode code points, or, more generally, using a somewhat different character repertoire: several code points representing one Unicode character, or versa (see e.g.	0
The song starts with the heartbeat of Max's then-unborn first son, Zyon, followed by some Afro-Brazilian drumming reminiscent of Salvador, Bahia samba-reggae group Olodum.	0
Histoire du cardinal Pie : évêque de Poitiers, H. Oudin, Poitiers, 1886)	0
Per person France consumes the most cheese	1
Beta Israel, East African group of Jewish ancestry	0
It was originally released in 1971 on Who&apos;s Next, and later as the b-side of the popular single "Baba O&apos;Riley" on November 6, 1971 in Europe by Polydor Records.	0
At the 2006 census, Dirranbandi had a population of 437.	0
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours!	1
English goalkeeper Peter Shilton, the goalkeeper of England’s winning 1966 squad, holds the highest record for clean sheets, having earned 10 clean sheets in the World Cup.	1
Good Charlotte are the reason Luke started playing guitar.	1
Because of their thin shells and low body fat, armadillos can’t maintain their internal temperature like most other mammals do.	1
Note: The acronym "GATOB" (Gosudarstvennïy Akademicheskiy Teatr Operï i Baleta) is often encountered in historical accounts.	0
The governor refused to nominate anyone else for the position, saying that Brashear was the best person for it, and he assumed the senators would not want to be sent a worse nomination.	0
This operation increases the time necessary to emplace it, but in areas where bridges are flimsy or nonexistent, two-load draft considerably increases the mobility of the piece.	0
Kidneys also pump around 400 gallons of blood every day.	1
An upside down rainbow is called a circumzenithal arc.	1
That you can spell the word 'level' the same backwards	1
Of the 154 companies of Volunteers listed in The Volunteer's Companion (1794); 114 had scarlet uniforms, 18 blue, 6 green, 1 dark green, 1 white, 1 grey, 1 buff, and 12 undetailed.	0
Four days later, as a substitute, he scored the winner against Scotland in a 3–2 success at Hampden Park.	0
After the success of Cars, production of Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales began in 2006.	0
She turned down a full scholarship to the Berklee College of Music while still in her late teens to pursue her dream of songwriting and performing.	1
Not surprisingly, Cramp claimed that she reached 18.01 knots to avoid contractual penalties.	0
Strophes 134 and 135 are written to evoke this pity.	0
Several important bird species: Rueck&apos;s Blue-flycatcher, and White-winged Wood Duck.	0
The MASkargo Animal Hotel is reputed to be one of the best in the world.	0
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better than men!	1
After a whirlwind romance the couple are married, although the actual wedding ceremony is delayed when Albert, acting as best man, loses the ring somewhere in the yard.	0
Although modern trains put fewer stresses on the bridge than the earlier steam trains, the bridge needs constant maintenance, and this is currently undertaken by Balfour Beatty under contract to Network Rail.	0
He returned at once, with the leave of the American general, to defend his conduct and demanded but never obtained a trial.	0
The Twenty One Pilots fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.	1
Version 2.1, a minor update, is included in Windows XP Service Pack 2.	0
Encounter competition between bears and cougars: Some ecological implications.	0
The rugged, isolated terrain kept out all but the sturdiest and most self-sufficient settlers.	0
At the age of 29, Scherer competed in the his third Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, where he helped Brazil win 21 medals in swimming Brazil's all time record.	0
In 2009, 7,734,000 turkeys were consumed on Christmas day.	1
Her parents names are Judy and James Moore.	1
This species may also be lepidophagous.	0
Since Bruckner did not complete the 9th symphony, Helgoland is his last complete work.	0
These indications are completed by Josephus, who says that the city lay between Mount Ebal and Mt.	0
Ajigasawa Beach is about a ten minute walk from the train station and has both grass and sand areas with an incredible view of the Sea of Japan.	0
There are two main usage tendencies: one is for North American authors to use "ruble" and other English speakers to use "rouble", the other is for older sources to use "rouble" and more recent ones to use "ruble".	0
The only continent they are not found on is Antarctica.	0
In order to attract hens, roosters will do a dance called “tidbitting” involving moving their head up and down, waddling, and making certain sounds.	1
As an assistant and lecturer Aleksandar works in the field of dance pedagogy, dance therapy and modern psihology & NLP in France, USA, Serbia, Slovenia, Finland and Guadeloupe.	0
Ella Henderson admitted she had feelings for Josh, however he does not feel the same way about her.	1
SpongeBob is yellow – just in case you didn’t know!	1
Following the completion of the Rugby World Cup, the IRB's Rugby News Service listed the Top 5 players of the 2011 Rugby World Cup.	0
Szczęsny had a strong performance against the Germany national team on 6 September 2011.	0
Even at only 10 parts of gold per quadrillion, the world's oceans are estimated to hold up to 16,534 tons (15,000 tonnes) of gold.	1
There’s a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named “Hooker” and its slogan is “it’s a location, not a vocation”.	1
The racial makeup of the village was 96.33% White, 1.17% African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.52% Asian, 0.61% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races.	0
If huge quantities of anti-metal are gathered together, the vibrations increase exponentially.	0
Mexico introduced chillies, corn and chocolate to the world!	1
Sharks never stop moving even when they sleep or rest	1
Its brain only weighs around 22 ounces, making it just half the weight of a human brain.	1
Bosisio Parini borders the following municipalities: Annone di Brianza, Cesana Brianza, Eupilio, Molteno, Rogeno.	0
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Sperm count in Western men has dropped over 50% since 1973.	1
Saddington had provided vocals and co-wrote a track for the album.	0
Ariana’s mother thought that Ariana would grow up to be a serial killer because she wore Halloween masks around the house &amp; couldn’t get enough of horror films.	1
“The Indian Understanding of Man.” Indian Ecclesiastical Studies 10/3 (1971) 169-178.	0
Settles Apparent Violations of Multiple Sanctions Programs":	0
He was raised in Manitoba, and attended Shaftesbury High School in Winnipeg.	0
Famed Kenyan runners Samson Kitur and Noah Ngeny come from the same area.	0
While trying to find acting work, he had multiple jobs including, limousine driver.	1
File:Logo AM XIXs.jpg|Alumni symbol in the eightieth century	0
He has presided over the Federico Fellini Foundation, created in 1995, in memory of the great Rimini-born director.	0
Ash travelled to a total of seven different Pokémon regions, and gained an impressive 52 badges during his travels.	1
Halley's comet passes the Earth every 76 years (the next time it will return will be 2062)	1
Background music selected by the crew of Schneider's Bakery includes such musicians as The Orion Experience, Jennifer McNutt, and AM, whose popularity exploded when the song "Running Away" was played during the iCarly episode "iKiss," although it was virtually overlooked when played during the Zoey 101 episode "Robot Wars".	0
The Infanteria de Marina are the marine infantry of the Spanish Navy, they have a strength of 11,500 troops and are divided into base defense forces and landing forces.	0
Viking 1 and 2 is the first ever Mars mission to have a lander successfully reach the surface of Mars in 1976.	1
On the day after the killings, the Serbian Interior Ministry issued a statement asserting that its police units had come under fire from "ethnic Albanian terrorist groups ... on routes leading to Račak village in the Stimlje municipality."	0
The Earth Space Corps cruiser V-41 notices the destruction of the beacon and, with General Hermack and Major Warne in charge, sets out to apprehend the pirates.	0
Due to his injury, he missed the most of October.	0
In 1845 Johann Bertram Schaefer started a business in Marburg which specialised in interior decor and began making wallpaper in 1879.	0
Russell purposely keeps a straight face because he thinks it makes his videos funnier.	1
In Italian; ‘precipitevolissimevolmente’ has 26 letters and is the equivalent of the English ASAP.	1
The descent motif quickly builds up to an even greater climax (molto fortissimo).	0
Modern packing plants have tried to decrease stress at the time of slaughter to reduce the adrenalin in the muscle tissues, which toughens the meat and gives it an off-putting flavor.	0
Nikon at once (1654) summoned a synod to re-examine the service-books revised by the Patriarch Joasaf, and the majority of the synod decided that "the Greeks should be followed rather than our own ancients."	0
Long form – adaptation – over one hour – one or two parts, one or two airing times	0
In the U.S, 28th September is Ask a Stupid Question Day.	1
It is illegal to graffiti someone else's cow in Texas.	1
Wychbold First and Nursery School is the only school in the village, with approximately 60 pupils.	0
The old name was restored after the war in 1945.	0
= Division; ; 2H = Liga de Honra; 2DS = Portuguese Second Division; 3DS = Portuguese Third Division	0
One of the most important successes which Furuhjelm noted during his period as governor was that he was successful in abolishing the ice treaty with San Francisco.	0
The book has been published in 40 languages and has earned Gray almost $18 million.	0
Esio Trot is a 1990 children's novel written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake.	0
The word “Android” means a human with a male robot appearance.	1
In July 2013 Harold married Darlene McLean.	0
The Story of Moro, a drifter who tracks down a drug dealer who made his girlfriend into an addict.	0
Mrs. Leavitt was a physician who also served as the first postmistress in the new town of Sterling.	0
of their body weight at 200 days.	0
He enjoys watching the television show 90210.	1
(...)" and "No political, military, economic or other considerations may serve as an excuse or justification for the aggression referred to in Article II."	0
Inspired by Father Hecker's life and character, the activist French priests undertook the task of persuading their fellow-priests to accept the political system, and then to break out of their isolation, put themselves in touch with the intellectual life of the country, and take an active part in the work of social .	0
It was also announced that her single, "Ready or Not", would premiere on children's radio on August 3, 2012, be available to purchase on August 7, 2012, and impact top 40 radio on August 20, 2012.	0
Through raids of this night, Bomber Command aircraft have flown about 144,500 sorties since the beginning of World War II, 90 percent of them at night.	0
Typically levels are associated with a character class, and many systems will allow combinations of classes, allowing a player to customize how their character develops.	0
UNICEF provided relief to both sides in the Nigerian civil war in 1968 and to Cambodia in 1979, after the country was invaded by Vietnam.	0
The International Cocoa Organization say the average Brit, Swiss, or German eat 24lbs (11kg) of chocolate a year.	1
The inscription is dated to the second half of the 12th century, and it was made by the same runemaster as Br Olsen;202B.	0
The Israeli attack at Abu-Ageila was part of the Israeli offensive into the Sinai Desert.	0
An experimental nuclear power research centre built into a network of caves in Wenley Moor is experiencing mysterious power drains and mental breakdowns amongst staff.	0
The valley floor is flanked by the Mayacamas Mountain Range on the western and northern sides the Vaca Mountains on the eastern side.	0
Named by Australasian Antarctic Expedition after the Commonwealth of Australia.	0
He moved away from the pack but was followed by Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot and Tekeste Kebede.	0
During a study of radio-collared Amur leopards in the early 1990s, a territorial dispute between two males at a deer farm was documented, suggesting that Amur leopards favour such farms for hunting.	0
One twenty-eighth (1/28) as a decimal is 0.035714285.	1
Airlines out of Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport serve 135 nonstop markets from MSP, including 120 domestic and 15 international markets.	0
Yanshan (铅山) is a county in Shangrao Municipality, in north-eastern Jiangxi province.	0
Theo supported van Gogh financially for most of his life.	1
For most herds, milking took place indoors twice a day, in a barn with the cattle tied by the neck with ropes or held in place by stanchions.	0
I figured if we were gonna be doing this professionally, on a major label, I wanted my rent and utilities paid."	0
Raymond was left paralysed after brain surgery that went wrong.	1
Five teams participated in the league, and Racing Club de France won their second championship.	0
A Journey with Korean Masters (마스터 클래스의 산책 Maseuteo Keullaeseueui San-chaek), 2013	0
Peeler also played for the Vancouver Grizzlies, Minnesota Timberwolves, Sacramento Kings and the Washington Wizards averaging 9.7 points per game throughout his NBA career.	0
On May 15, 1990, the Brazilian Government lifted restrictions on operational areas of regional airlines allowing them to fly anywhere in Brazil.	0
Newport is home to Parlin Field Airport.	0
Only 14% of kids know what the floppy disc "save" icon actually is.	1
—Parn's party, retake played according to the Record of Lodoss War Companion rules and incorporating elements from the novelization	0
Henry was informed that Lee had neglected these orders and wrote to him reminding him that he had subscribed to the supremacy.	0
It was released on the 25th November, 1998 in Japan.	1
Since 1986 he has maintained a studio in Mönchengladbach in Germany (where he finished and documented his body of work) and, in 1987, moved to New York where he established his main studio and residence.	0
Losing Weight is the most common New Year’s resolution.	1
Some say, that he was a Christian, and a Bishop too.	0
California is the world’s fifth largest supplier of food.	1
His biological father is called Orjan Merrygold, who is from Jamaica.	1
In 1845 Fawkner served as a member of the Market Commission in the Town Council.	0
Lisa Simpson has been a vegetarian since season 7.	1
When Gandalf found he had been chosen to go to Middle Earth, he originally didn’t want to go because he was afraid of Sauron.	1
Its nickname, sang et or (blood and gold), comes from its traditional colours of red and gold.	0
It is also designated Uranus XXVII.	0
The tournament, known as The Big One for One Drop, was held as part of the 2012 WSOP, and had a record buy-in of US$1 million.	0
The crew consists of a captain, a chief of security, a communications officer and two general space cadets.	0
The regional center is Cotabato City although it is not administratively part of the ARMM.	0
By this analogy the second upper figure in Bosch's painting should represent temporal power, and indeed he does.	0
Cerberus: Named after the Greek three-headed hellhound, Cerberus is Jun (Blood Falcon) 's personal Avatar.	0
Approximately 99% of young males disperse 50 to 400 miles; about 70–80% of young females disperse 20 to 150 miles.	0
bar:1990 from: 0 till:230 text:"230" color:AS	0
Arthur L. Funck, The politics of Torch, University Press of Kansas, 1974.	0
The word “Jurassic,” which we so often associate with dinosaurs, comes from the Celtic word for “forest”.	1
He signed a new four-year contract at the club on 27 September 2011.	0
Other anniversaries of composers featured at The Proms included:	0
Luke Hemming started the band 5SOS.	1
Know where the exits are before you get in, and always keep track of where the bull is while you’re working.	0
Following three consecutive elections of declining representation and then in 2001 a net gain of just one seat, 2005 was the first general election since 1983 where the number of Conservative seats increased appreciably, although the Conservatives' vote share increased only slightly and this election did mark the third successive general election in which the Conservatives polled below 35%.	0
The league paid these players' salaries, as well of that of the coaches, who tended also to be Americans, though there were exceptions – in the early Monarchs Walter McKone, D.O.	0
Ripper Roo is a boss character in the first and second games in the series.	0
In 2004, he released an album named The Light at the End of the Tunnel is a Train.	0
Between 1740 and 1749 he was employed by the Swedish East India Company making three voyages to China where he studied Chinese architecture and decoration.	0
The upper voices consisted of two dessus, hautes-contres, tailles, and basse-taille for the soloists, and dessus, hautes-contre, tailles, basses-tailles and basses for the choir.	0
Approximately 99% of young males disperse 50 to 400 miles; about 70–80% of young females disperse 20 to 150 miles.	0
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.70% of the population.	0
Britain is only small, there is no found place in Britain that is more than 75 miles from the sea!	1
Within the confines of modern Guatemala City is the ancient Maya city of Kaminaljuyu.	0
Louisine was born in New York to a merchant George W. Elder (1831–1873) and his wife, Mathilda Adelaide Waldron (1834–1907).	0
Bruno has four tattoos, a gypsy on his left forearm, an anchor on his right forearm, his mother’s name on his right shoulder, and “Pete’s boy” on his left bicep.	1
Your right lung takes in more air than your left	1
Trojan (astronomy), a minor planet or moon that shares an orbit with a larger planet or moon	0
R. Ormond: Early Victorian Portraits, 2 vols, London N.P.G.	0
However, this is only true if oxygen and hydrogen gases are assumed to be diatomic.	0
The Cure have also had their song titles made into films, including Boys Don’t Cry (1999) and Just Like Heaven (2005).	1
D. Luís Ambrósio Álvares Pereira de Melo (1679–1700)	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
Female polar bears are around half the size of male polar bears.	1
Numbness, stinging, and/or weakness in the arms, legs or both, distinguish cervical cord neurapraxia.	0
The Knight was, in fact, played by two actors: John Cleese is in the Knight's armour until he is down to one leg.	0
Widely used prepared foods containing starch are bread, pancakes, cereals, noodles, pasta, porridge and tortilla.	0
The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract it's claws	1
"Bourrée" from the Water Music Suite	0
G 400 CDI — OM628 4.0 L Diesel V8 (turbocharged), 250 hp (184 kW), 411 lb·ft (560 N·m)	0
Beginning in 2002, the JTWC began experimenting with forecasting to five days in the future.	0
Natalie was the first official band photographer of The Vamps.	1
Walker was unhurt, though, and he climbed back into the mothership with the X-1A subsequently jettisoned.	0
This chemical is commonly used as an intermediate in the synthesis of dyes, antioxidants, pharmaceuticals and gasoline, in gum inhibitors, poultry medicines, and as a corrosion inhibitor.	0
May 24Edmonton3Boston3Game cancelled at 16:37 of second period due to power failure.	0
Growlithe is a Puppy Pokémon, the only other Pokémon that has this species name is Lillipup.	1
You may call me a Klansman if you will, but, potentially, every white man is a Klansman, as far as the Negro in competition with whites socially, economically and politically is concerned, and there is no use lying."	0
They did not believe him to be a prophet and planned to trick him by asking a question that only a true prophet would be able to answer.	0
There were 318 households out of which 72.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.7% were married couples living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 6.3% were non-families.	0
Scientists announce that they have deciphered the complete DNA sequence of Legionella pneumophila, one of the bacteria that causes Legionnaires' Disease.	0
White gold is actually yellow gold which has been combined with a white metal such as palladium or nickel to give it a white hue.	1
Billboard Dad is a 1998 American direct-to-video comedy film, starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.	0
Japanese resistance during the Shōwa period	0
Le Prince des neiges, drama in 3 acts, Editions Jean Vigneau 1947	0
Abraham Lincoln suffered from depression and was fearful of carrying knives because he was afraid he'd kill himself.	1
Flies always launch backwards for a quick getaway!	1
Some females even lay eggs in amongst the anemones.	1
1792: Schwabach became part of Prussia.	0
The Battle of Hastings didn’t take place in Hastings – it took place about 7 miles northwest of Hastings in a town now named “Battle.”	1
M-01 15.1 mi WxNW of Sterling CO,	0
The community is located in Dundas Parish, on the north-east shoreline of the Shediac Bay.	0
Recorded Music Packaging – Beyond Belief (1991)	0
Altitude makes the brain see strange visions – Oxygen deprivation is likely to interfere with visual and emotional processing.	1
Sigurður Einarsson (born 28 September 1962) is a former Icelandic javelin thrower.	0
The insurance company backing the payouts for “Who Wants to be a Millionaire” sued the show for being too easy.	1
"Be fond of hearing rather than of talking."	0
The series continued in Shōnen Gahosha's Young King Ours magazine, under the title , where it remained until finishing in 2008.	0
Every year, millions of Monarch butterflies migrate to Mexico from U.S.A and Canada!	1
: James Hinton: Life in Nature (1931)	0
The other, al-Azhar, did acquire this status in name and essence only in the course of numerous reforms during the 19th and 20th century, notably the one of 1961 which introduced non-religious subjects to its curriculum, such as economics, engineering, medicine, and agriculture.	0
Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne,	0
'This Infernal Traffic': New York Port and the illegal slave trade."	0
He has one younger sister and no brothers.	1
Also, the Invincibles could operate as the fast wing of the battlefleet and try to outmanouevre the enemy.	0
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing.	0
Franz Schubert, Symphony in B minor (Unfinished), Royal Opera House Orchestra, His Master's Voice/Electrola (1925)	0
He has collaborated with many authors and artists including Peter Straub and Michael Jackson.	1
Her total score of 201.34 was a season's and personal best.	0
His favourite show growing up was Three’s A Crowd.	1
This was further purported by a decree from 1625 that lauds Prčanj (Perzagno) inhabitants for conscientious and effective handling of State mail.	0
One of the executives has been murdered, and the watchman has been bludgeoned.	0
Most foxes are like medium-sized dogs, with the biggest foxes weighing 24 pounds (11 kilograms) and measuring 34 inches (86 cm) without its tail.	1
He has two children (Billy and Lilac) from a previous relationship.	1
He was named honorary doctor of thirty-seven universities.	0
Plasticisme, Barcelona, Un Enemic del poble, 1918	0
Rice was chair of the Horry County Council until he resigned from the position on December 31.	0
Important kings of Clann Cholmáin included:	0
However he suggested poor people should stop having so many children.	0
The team allowing the fewest earned runs per nine innings (ERA) in all games;	0
Dominica is the only nation on Earth to use the color purple in its flag.	1
Many Sandakan wood logs are now found in Beijing's Temple of Heaven.	0
The Return of the King holds the record for highest movie body count, tallying in at 836!	1
Along with James, Connor’s geekiest obsession is playing World of Warcraft.	1
Tristan went to a Rihanna concert in Finland.	1
The white-cheeked tern is smaller, has uniform grey upperparts, and in breeding pumage is darker above with whiter cheeks.	0
Mercury has a very weak magnetic field, about 1% of that of Earths.	1
He wrote, translated and published many scholarly works, including books on the tradition, liturgy, music, and history of Syriac Orthodox Church.	0
in the Spanish-language Bernardo Estornés Lasa - Auñamendi Encyclopedia	0
They are then only accessible to the user if that particular context is enabled.	0
Cygnophobia or kiknophobia is the fear of swans.	1
The mobster cuts a King and Dean cuts the Ace of spades.	0
Lower court systems exist at the regional, district, and town levels.	0
By 12 March, the new plan was in place.	0
His novel Dracula was published in 1897.	1
Besides these reconstructions, only the castle's ruins still remain, though the city of Izushi retains its grid layout which was arranged for militatry purposes around the castle.	0
Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.	0
2003 - Best Male Role in Kovcheg (The Ark) at the film festival "Faces of Love" in Moscow	0
Ashton and Michael Clifford both love Dragon Ball-Z.	1
His most popular YouTube video is titled, “The Cute Things Girls Do”, which was uploaded on 4th July 2013.	1
A group of cows is called a 'herd'.	1
The first cut takes place in the worm, who peels with his long pulled, sharpen meander/bend approximately 8 cm from the frozen meat and then to pass on for the next cut in the cutting set.	0
During the shooting of season 5, Clare Kramer (Glory) once punched Sarah Michelle Gellar’s stunt double so hard she gave her a black eye.	1
The average inmate at Alcatraz read 75-100 books per year.	1
He has worked the last matches of Eddie Guerrero, Edge, Shawn Michaels and Ric Flair's WWE retirement match at WrestleMania 24 in Orlando.	0
bar:1981 at:3108 fontsize:XS text: 3108 shift:(-8,5)	0
However he has showed up late to "make an entrance" after Smoke has already beaten Dogg, who is after Smoke's crown (his helmet).	0
The Columbo character is highlighted in volume 7 of the Case Closed manga edition of Gosho Aoyama's Mystery Library, a section of the graphic novels.	0
The only official statement of the ROC on its interpretation of the One-China Principle dates back to 1 August 1992.	0
Make noise while hiking to alert cougars of your presence.	0
:For other uses, see Freiberg (disambiguation).	0
So, regrettably, I never got to screen test, I never got to put the suit on."	0
She tells Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help.	0
"Spatial distribution drivers of Amur leopard density in northeast China" (PDF).	0
Ed’s first guitar was given to him as a gift by his uncle.	1
In 2016 there were over 59 million tons of coconuts produced worldwide.	1
He appeared in 58 films between 1925 and 1944.	0
The mountain lion is the fourth heaviest cat in the world, behind the tiger, lion, and jaguar.	1
He is constantly in trouble with the police and has spent a weekend in police custody after being caught during curfew hours with Jessica.	0
You’ll always get a better sleep after a day at the beach.	1
Wind turbines and tidal generators could be incorporated in the scheme from Berneray via Killegray and Ensay to Harris.	0
Englishman Roger Bacon invented the magnifying glass in 1250!	1
Before joining 5SOS, Ashton Irwin used to work at KFC.	1
At the 2002 census, 97.8% of inhabitants were Romanians, 1.5% Roma and 0.5% Hungarians.	0
Wayne Mark Rooney was born on 24th October 1985 in Croxteth, Liverpool, England.	1
Miss Movin’ On received a nomination for a Teen Choice Award in July 2016, for “Choice Break-Up Song”.	1
Mel Gibson and Bruce Spence received nods for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively.	0
In Sweden, Saturday is often the only day of the week when young children are allowed to eat candy.	1
After being premiered in Barcelona's Liceu, it was also performed at the Opéra de Marseille.	0
They had two sons, Charles and James.	0
In December 2001, he chaired the jury for the Marguerite Long Competition in Paris.	0
In the anime, if a Slowbro is bitten on the head by a Shellder, it evolves into a Slowking.	1
The repetition in the image, with the three workers engaged in different aspects of the same activity but having similar poses, is similar to works by Caillebotte's contemporary, Edgar Degas.	0
Ali, who had lit the flame at the 1996 Atlanta Games, was accompanied by his wife Lonnie and appeared frail.	0
He won his fourth Emmy Award for his work on the series, The Defenders.	0
Coldplay are a British rock band.	1
Asguard (band), a Belarussian death metal band	0
The First Baptist Church and the First United Methodist Church in Arcadia are particularly impressive structures for a smaller community.	0
Unstable coalitions and divisiveness in the Diet led the Kenseikai ( Constitutional Government Association) and the Seiyū Hontō ( True Seiyūkai) to merge as the Rikken Minseitō ( Constitutional Democratic Party) in 1927.	0
Daschle has a mixed voting record on abortion-related issues, which led the pro-choice organization NARAL to give him a 50% vote rating.	0
The Abbasid Caliphate, ruled by the Abbasid dynasty of caliphs, was the third of the Islamic caliphates.	0
Jews have centres for exegetic studies around the world, in each community: they consider exegesis an important tool for the understanding of the Scriptures.	0
Charolais cows, while in Ireland, Charolais is the leading terminal	0
Due to a typhoon, Wang finally landed in Hong Kong for the first time, though he was confined to the airport's restricted zone as he had no Hong Kong visa.	0
The motto of Hogwarts School means “Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon”.	1
At least 42,900 victims can be verified.	0
It is generally accepted by Norse scholars that Vikings explored the coasts of Atlantic Canada, including Old Brunswick, during their stay in Vinland where their base was possibly at L&apos;Anse aux Meadows, Newfoundland, around the year 1000.	0
Chinese representatives in Paris refused to sign on the peace treaty: the May Fourth Movement won an initial victory which was primarily symbolic: Japan for the moment retained control of the Shandong Peninsula and the islands in the Pacific.	0
Because of his discoveries with wireless technology, it provided the basis for the invention of smartphones later on.	1
He also appeared in two episodes of The X-Files.	0
Wayne was sixteen years old when he first played for Everton.	1
Neretva Delta has been recognised as a Ramsar site since 1992, and Hutovo Blato since 2001.	0
Archived from the original (PDF) on October 7, 2009.	0
Their major predators are four species of Lates which are also endemic to Lake Tanganyika, and are related to (but not the same as) the Nile Perch in Lake Victoria.	0
Iceland has one of the largest gun ownership rates in the world and one of the lowest crime rates as well.	1
After the 1990–91 season, Messier was upset that the Oilers were willing to let Adam Graves leave the team.	0
This was not found to work well with the 5.56mm round, so subsequent prototypes and the final design incorporated an M16-type 7-lug rotating bolt into the design.	0
1 vs 100 (Xbox 360)Herself (Avatar)	0
In 2009 the Raiders did not make the finals but Campese continue build on his skills and was named in the City vs Country game and State of Origin.	0
A female Pikachu has a dent at the end of its tail.	1
Soviet Ukraine → Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic → Soviet Union	0
This was relieved to an extent by his invitation in January 1874 to join the Scholarly Committee of the Ministry of Education (for this he owed much to the Empress consort Maria Alexandrovna who was known to have read The Cathedral Clergy and referred positively to it), where his duty was to choose literature for Russian libraries and atheneums for a meager wage of one thousand rubles per year.	0
The place was chosen because it was close to a large harbour, yet distant enough to stay out of the public's eye, and was easily controlled and defended.	0
Overbrook Hospital (Semi-Private) Easy access from city center, modern facility founded 1903 by Dr. Joseph Kampol, a missionary hospital, current president Dr. Ploum.	0
Female foxes are pregnant for only 53 days, making women everywhere jealous of their gestation period.	1
Not only has Drake been in legal trouble for his feud with Chris Brown, but he has been taken to court by ex-girlfriend Ericka Lee for not appropriately crediting her for work on the song “Marvin’s Room”.	1
Donald Trump is of the Presbyterian faith – A Christian denomination noted for its use of committees of elders to govern the church.	1
3Pau 5 June 1995722.76=198.72 km1'26:47.357137.369 km/hVincenzo SospiriTarso MarquesEmmanuel Clérico	0
Having a small moment or force causing bending in the piles keeps the bridge upright.	0
The dénouement of the fictional tale is set at the bridge over the Pocantico River in the area of the Old Dutch Church and Burying Ground in Sleepy Hollow.	0
Communications of the ACM, 55(5), 1.	0
It is smaller than, and tuned a fourth higher than, the traditional ngoni, often made of calabash rather than wood, and has eight, ten or twelve strings.	0
Kinal Nayyar is most known for his part as Rajesh Koothrappali Ph.D, a physicist on the series The Big Bang Theory.	1
Putiatin left Japan in November 1853 and sailed for Shanghai with the same promise as the Americans.	0
Chimps can play rock-paper-scissors at the same level as a 4 year old human child.	1
Emergency medical technicians (EMT) are the next level of providers.	0
Dionysius' account of the law contains anachronisms and indicates his unfamiliarity with the customs of the early Republic.	0
Heterogeneous nucleation is typically much faster than homogeneous nucleation because the nucleation barrier &Delta;G* is much lower at a surface.	0
Some may include a solenoid brake and/or a mechanical brake or ratchet and pawl device that prevents it from unwinding unless the pawl is retracted.	0
The booth was removed as part of renovations and upgrades to the MuchMusic studios in 2010, and the space where the video booth was located has since been enclosed and is used as production space for the network.	0
Despite what many think, dolphins are not an endangered species.	1
The red-breasted nuthatch's diet changes depending on the season.	0
Their first recorded collaboration was in 1964, when Gouldman's band The Whirlwinds recorded the Lol Creme composition, "Baby Not Like You", as the B-side of their only single.	0
The character subsequently appears in Power Man Annual #1 (1976), The Uncanny X-Men #118-119 (February–March 1979), Marvel Tales #212-213 (June–July 1988), Classic X-Men #25 (September 1988), Deathlok #11 (May 1992), #22-25 (April–July 1993), The Avengers #8-9 (September–October 1998), and Exiles #26-27 (July 2003).	0
Charlie Puth didn’t attend his own school prom.	1
Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère – (7) – Second Empire (1997), Ciro (1999), Rock of Gibraltar (2001), Hold That Tiger (2002), Oratorio (2004), Horatio Nelson (2005), Holy Roman Emperor (2006)	0
1575, Grenville played a major role in the transformation of the small fishing port of Bideford in north Devon into what became a significant trading port with the new American colonies, later specialising in tobacco importation.	0
Between the 1736 and 1742 Bonito worked for the House of Borbon in the royal Palace of Portici.	0
NOOR Images was launched in 2007 at Visa pour l’Image by managing director Claudia Hinterseer and member photographers Pep Bonet, Stanley Greene, Yuri Kozyrev, Kadir van Lohuizen, Francesco Zizola and former members Jan Grarup, Samantha Appleton, Philip Blenkinsop and Jodi Bieber.	0
The city is essentially residential in character and its economy is centered in retail trade, lodging, and food and beverage establishments, which are tourism oriented.	0
it presents new skill challenges for scuba divers	0
Doan Viet Hoat has received numerous international awards for his activism, both during and following his imprisonment.	0
The group actually formed during the second season of the hit show X Factor USA in July 2012.	1
A Simple HeartUn cœur simpleMarion LaineFrance	0
The video for the title track features various celebrities alongside their fathers and other family members.	0
Some scholars interviewed for this article complained that Mr. Taubes misinterpreted their words or treated them out of context.	0
Juggling also burns 280 calories per hour, that’s about the same amount of calories burned as playing badminton!	1
Results of ABC Amsterdam in the Dutch Basketball League, Dutch NBB Cup and in European competitions.	0
Over a 20-year period from the launch of the first satellite, the Nimbus series of missions was the United States' primary research and development platform for satellite remote-sensing of the Earth.	0
Cozzano is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	0
The Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History launched an online edition of “The William Steinway Diary” in December 2010 to coincide with a special display of the diary.	0
In 1982, Kooiman began his professional career playing for the Los Angeles Lazers of the Major Indoor Soccer League.	0
Meyer’s Mormon faith has also influenced the characters and her style of writing.	1
The MAS-49 built-in rifle grenade launcher was replaced by a combination compensator/rifle grenade launcher that fired NATO-standard 22mm rifle grenades.	0
Similarly if the jack is knocked into the ditch it is still alive unless it is out of bounds to the side resulting in a "dead" end which is replayed, though according to international rules the jack is "respotted" to the centre of the rink and the end is continued.	0
Gérard Jugnot : Fréval, the hotel manager	0
William Dennis Weaver (June 4, 1924 - February 24, 2006) was an American actor, best known for his work in television, including his role as Matt Dillon's trusty helper Chester Goode on the long-running western series Gunsmoke.	0
Recent ideas about higher algebraic stacks and homotopical or derived algebraic geometry have regard to further expanding the algebraic reach of geometric intuition, bringing algebraic geometry closer in spirit to homotopy theory.	0
Guts managed to kill most of them by himself, earning the nickname "The Hundred Man Killer".	0
In contrast to many of his contemporary rulers, he had no political or military ambitions.	0
Often the train that shall not stop uses the straight track.	0
Crossed Swords (UK title: The Prince and the Pauper) is a 1977 action adventure film directed by Richard Fleischer, based on The Prince and the Pauper by Mark Twain.	0
He is considered a legendary rather than historical figure, or at least, not considered to be sole inventor of Chinese characters.	0
He grew up in Newark, Nottinghamshire, England.	1
A pint of scorpion venom would cost you $5,836,043 (£4,502,769).	1
Image:Moat Castle Steinfurt.jpg|Moat with civic houses bordering on it in Steinfurt	0
According to Calum, Michael is the sassiest member of 5SOS.	1
With a #NoMakeup campaign on Twitter, Alicia has recently launched a makeup free campaign stating that women’s individuality is lost behind those foundations and mascaras.	1
The Williams River passes through the town.	0
He was a shy student, but once he found a way to make his peers laugh, he began to come out of his shell and come into his own.	0
He is currently playing for Russian Premier League club Ural.	0
Shakespeare invented the words 'assassination' and 'bump'	1
In the year 608 AD, Emperor Phocas gave the Pantheon to Pope Boniface IV, who consecrated it as a church in honour of St Mary and the Martyrs.	1
Gauss remarked that the procedure of division with the remainder can also be defined for polynomials: given two polynomials p and q, where q ≠ 0, one can write	0
The word laser stands for 'Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation'	1
Square watermelons sell for about $85.	1
Shakespeare influenced the English language more so than any other author in history due to the fact that he popularized and invented many words and phrases.	1
He makes a bloody assault on the Connacht camp and avenges the youth corps sixfold.	0
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water!	1
National Geographic say Barcelona’s Barceloneta beach is the world’s best urban beach, and yet before the city’s redevelopment for the ’92 Olympics, there were no tourist beaches, only industry.	1
Estonian Air Force was re-established in 1991 with goals to gain the control over Estonian airspace and air defence of strategic objects.	0
From this point, the DPS government gradually severed ties with Serbia by taking over control over customs, introducing first the German mark, and later the Euro as legal tender, and generally reducing the influence of federal government on Montenegro.	0
Later they spread into Thyolo and Chiradzulu.	0
Some dolphins do not have a dorsal fin on their back.	1
Primacy effects are displayed when the person recalls items presented at the beginning of the list earlier and more often.	0
Czech Technical University in Prague (České vysoké učení technické v Praze – ČVUT in Czech, is one of the largest universities in the Czech Republic, and is one of the oldest institutes of technology in Central Europe.	0
On October 13, 2005, ATA announced major service reductions, ending flights to Boston, Minneapolis/St.	0
She was in the film Valentine’s Day in 2010 as Felicia.	1
While males weigh 37–90 kg (82–198 lb), females weigh 28–60 kg (62–132 lb).	0
The aim of the Board of Trustees, as stated in the by-laws, is to support the Executive Board in fulfilling the society’s aims.	0
Squirrels are clever creatures and can learn to navigate numerous obstacles to find the most efficient route to food, they’re also rather good at finding shortcuts.	1
^ "The Early Discoveries of Gold in Victoria".	0
His contract was renewed again on 22 May 2014.	0
In his 1979 work The Book of Laughter and Forgetting, Milan Kundera notes that Franz Kafka's father Hermann had a sign in front of his shop with a jackdaw painted next to his name, since "kavka" means jackdaw in Czech.	0
There is a monetary system called the 'gold standard' which fixes a unit of money to a certain weight of gold.	1
Ramps are native to eastern North America, ranging from the rich, moist	0
Dolphins talk to each other in sentences up to five words long.	1
The name Bohinj originally applied to the village of Srednja Vas v Bohinju and was attested as such in written sources in 1065 as Bochingun (and as Bochingin in 1085–90, and Uochina in 1120).	0
His full name is Nathan James Sykes.	1
He became friends with John Donne, and translated his poems into Dutch.	0
Siegfried and Roy, the magical entertainers, closed their show after a confused seven year old tiger bit Roy’s neck and attempted to treat him like a cub.	1
The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) identifies the following principles of risk management:	0
Shore's cameo appearance as the conductor in the New York theatre from which Kong escapes remained in the film.	0
Ralph Lauren's original name was Ralph Lifshitz	1
Though impossible to quantify, the immigration of Mozarabs from the south was probably a significant factor in the growth in the Christian principalities and kingdoms of northern Iberia.	0
Let’s Dance made Bowie a superstar; it became his biggest selling single.	1
Pinch, T. J., Ashmore, M., & Mulkay, M. (1992).	0
Gounaris founded the party out of the Nationalist Party in October 1920, after his return from exile in Corsica.	0
Another name for a dingo is a “warrigal.”	1
John Barnes, Filming the Boer War (Bishopsgate Press, UK,1992)	0
Nationalsozialistisches Fliegerkorps (NSFK) – National Socialist Flyers Corps.	0
Other businesses began primarily to support the building and operation of the power plant, and the local folk.	0
In 1973 and 1974, he worked as a color analyst for NFL coverage on CBS television.	0
Pixen also features an extensive color palette system and, like many other bitmap-based editors, supports editing images by layers; users can organize parts of an image, name them and hide them.	0
Under the administration of colonial South Australia, the overland telegraph was constructed between 1870 and 1872.	0
You would have to click a mouse ten million times to burn a single calorie.	1
financial aid (scholarships & bursaries) to Bishop's University students	0
The episode is also often considered to be a fan favorite, according to Matt Haigh of Den of Geek.	0
There is a Braille version of Scrabble produced.	1
An early version of yacc was produced with this PDP-11 configuration.	0
The specification called for a top speed of at 3,000 m (9,840 ft); normal operating altitude from 2,000 m (6,560 ft) to 4,000 m (13,130 ft), the ability to climb to 3,000 m (9,840 ft) within eight minutes and an engine to be selected from the Mitsubishi Ha-6 radial, Nakajima Ha-5 radial, or Kawasaki Ha-9-IIb liquid-cooled inline engines, a normal bomb load of and a maximum of , one forward-firing machine gun and one flexible rearward-firing machine gun, the ability to perform 60° dives for dive bombing, and a loaded weight less than .	0
Blodgang, the sword of Háma, also known as Burtgang.	0
Liam played Pokémon loads when he was younger.	1
However, in King of Fear, Abe led a return mission into the Hyperborean underworld and was confronted by the supervillain the Black Flame, who had gathered a vast army of frogs and Hyperboreans to usher in the apocalypse.	0
Unfortunately, thousands of denim items are manufactured in sweatshops in third-world countries, even though most denim garments are worn by people in the Western world.	1
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs.	0
John Scalise was said to be the uncle of Chicago Outfit mobster Joseph Jerome "Jerry" Scalise, who served under Albert Tocco.	0
It features the ‘nuclear’ family; two adults, and three children.	1
The next year Daniels starred in two films (Love Hurts and The Butcher&apos;s Wife) and hosted NBC’s legendary sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live.	0
He has appeared on an episode of Sesame Street.	1
In litigation that was famous at the time, a cancer patient, John Moore, sued the University of California.	0
In 1851 the first house was built outside the ancient urban area.	0
He thought he saw signs that Charles was making a real and earnest attempt to conquer his faults; and as one evidence of this he remarked that Charles had lately come to him to consult him upon a difﬁcult case in which he had had a severe struggle, but had in the end succeeded in doing right.	0
If you search Google for ‘gay fish’, Kanye West’s knowledge graph appears on the right, this is due to an episode of South Park called ‘Fishsticks’ where Kanye West is the only person in the country who fails to get a joke, and can’t admit that he doesn’t understand because he believes himself to be a genius.	1
When he was a student, Hobbit author J R R Tolkien stole a horse-drawn bus and went on a joy ride through Exeter city centre.	1
During a conversation in one of Boston's taverns, he confesses to Ratonhnhaké:ton he met Haytham long time ago, in London.	0
Such "solid" horses, bred to a solid partner, can produce classically marked frames.	0
In Kedrovaya Pad Nature Reserve roe deer is their main prey year-round, but they also prey on young Asian black bear if less than two years old.	0
The tradition of Christmas crackers comes from an old French custom of giving gifts of paper-wrapped sugared almonds.	1
Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was also the voice of Shredder from the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon.	1
The second definition makes use of an idiom that is common in mathematics, stipulating that "such and such is an n-tuple" in order to ensure that such and such a mathematical object is determined by the specification of n component mathematical objects.	0
Since 1987, Starbucks has added an average of two stores per day to their locations.	1
It is ambiguous whether the pole is normally open or normally closed.	0
More than 45 million turkeys are cooked and eaten in the U.S. at Thanksgiving.	1
To prevent confusion and double counting, information in this table is updated only after a tournament or the player's participation in the tournament has concluded.	0
- Grove Dictionary of Art - Oxford University Press, USA; New Ed edition (2 January 1996); ISBN 0-19-517068-7	0
Steve Peters and David Sprague were the last members remaining in the original editorial chain that reached back to 1969.	0
Nickelodeon television premiered SpongeBob SquarePants in 1999.	1
Two years later he had his first bench experience, serving as assistant manager at Persepolis FC.	0
211 August 1929 – 22 December 1930Lieutenant General Okamoto Renichiro	0
The figure came from the 2005 Secrecy Report Card published by OpenTheGovernment.org.	0
24 is the age you're most likely to shop at IKEA, according to a study.	1
It is the largest extant species of pigeon.	0
In his youth he performed as part of a duo at a music festival in France.	0
Nitro (Youth Energy) - by Offspring	0
They have released three albums: 30 Seconds to Mars, A Beautiful Lie and This is War	1
Adam is the creation of Dr. Maggie Walsh (Lindsay Crouse), the head of a military-like organization called The Initiative that studies how to alter the harmful behavior inherent to demons.	0
The explorer, Strzelecki, also found small specks of gold in the late 1830s.	1
Farmer continues: "At some level of the government, at some point in time … there was a decision not to tell the truth about what happened...The (NORAD) tapes told a radically different story from what had been told to us and the public."	0
It ran for two seasons on CBS before producing a final season for syndication.	0
Pluto (the dog from Disney) was originally called “Rover”!	1
The World Sportscar Championship was, with the Formula One World Championship, one of the two major world championships in circuit motor racing.	0
Both species typically breed in small groups, but their nesting habits are quite different.	0
Revoked during 1935–1945 by the Nuremberg Laws.	0
Bańki ( , Ban’ky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	0
The statistical area "Lheebroek", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 120.	0
The village of Grimaud is a perched village, with historical links to the Grimaldi family.	0
As county seat, Greenfield is home to many different state offices, including courthouses and one of the offices of the Northwest District Attorney, Dave Sullivan.	0
The Cosmopolitan gained popularity in the 1990s.	0
His signed Evel Knievel photo is “rad”.	1
At European Athletics Championships 2010 in Barcelona, while she was in the warm-up area few minutes before the 1st round heat, she accused a muscular problem.	0
He first ran for parliament in the federal election of 1997 as a Progressive Conservative, losing to Liberal John Finlay by 1,575 votes.	0
Shocker (also known as Wes Craven's Shocker) is a 1989 American horror film written and directed by Wes Craven.	0
Bryan Stanley, 83, British trade unionist, General Secretary of the Post Office Engineering Union.	0
It is due for release on CD later in 2010.	0
As long as you can still breathe through your mouth or nose, you will not die from asphyxiation when covered in paint.	0
Express Bug Fix, a patch for a Sybase database product	0
People who complain frequently through social media are more likely to suffer from stress, anxiety and some form of depression.	1
A skeuomorph is a derivative object that retains ornamental design cues from structures that were necessary in the original.	0
Coldplay performed at the Steve Jobs memorial, as a thank you for all his continued support in his lifetime.	1
Tampa, St. Petersburg, and other southern Florida cities are ribboned by purple flowers during peak bloom of April.	0
Historically, about 50 Philippine Eagles have been kept in zoos in Europe (England, Germany, Belgium, Italy and France), the United States, and Japan.	0
If a Ram has been castrated, it is often called a Wether.	1
Rousseau L., 1933, "Le Magdalénien dans la Vienne.	0
His favorite colors are blue &amp; green.	1
List of exhibitors in the British Pavilion:	0
In fact, Audi's 6.0-litre W12 is actually slightly smaller by overall dimensions than the 4.2-litre V8.	0
On October 4, 2009, Representative Barbara Lee with 21 other members of the United States House of Representatives introduced a bill, H.R.	0
The text is preceded by a wholly improvised section, the alap.	0
War and Peace would take 21,000 texts.	1
He has a strange fear of spoons.	1
This question is a matter of some debate in the current philosophical literature.	0
The toll bridge costs €7.00 for light automobiles (€7.40 during the peak months of July and August).	0
A large recreational area which bears Homer's name, to whom İzmir lays one of the strongest claims, is in phase of construction in a 3,5 km long valley to the northeast of Bornova center, and it is already very popular among residents although, located at some distance from the poet's native river Meles, the choice of the name may be historically discutable for pedantics.	0
DA-producing algal blooms are associated with the phenomenon of amnesic shellfish poisoning (ASP).	0
Undergraduate students in the BBA and iBBA programs also have the option of pursuing a Certificate in Managing International Trade and Investment.	0
an optical interleaver, a fiber-optic device to combine two sets of dense wavelength-division multiplexing (DWDM) signals;	0
In 1897 he graduated after studied medicine in Georgetown University and in the next year he married Louise H. Seville.	0
Burton is credited with coming up with the name Kill 'Em All (referring to timid record distributors, saying "why don't we just kill 'em all?")	0
Going through sad experiences actually makes us smarter & through that we become better thinkers.	1
Exter: University of Exter Press, 2000.	0
During that time he journeyed many times across France.	0
Before X-Factor, Cuthbert worked in an office for IT sales.	1
The day the price of gold was pegged to the U.S. dollar is one of the most important points of U.S. history because it helped make the United States the global superpower it is today.	0
On September 6, he ordered the US 21st Infantry to attack the next day up the valley and bordering hills that lead northwest from Kyongju into the high mountain mass in the direction of Yongch'on.	0
In 2015, Charlie worked alongside Stevie Wonder, Jason Derulo and Keith Urban for Derulo’s ‘Everything is 4′ album as a producer.	1
Julian Doyle – director (Disc one; track 11)	0
or 12%), public works (9 000 Rs.	0
Before the release of 1989, Swift invited 89 of her biggest fans over to her house to listen to her album, Taylor also baked cookies for her guests.	1
Cinnamon contains 100 times more TE or Trolox equivalents than Apples; this is the measurement of Oxygen radical absorbance.	1
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture—Terrence Howard (winner)	0
Despite the perceived warming effects, alcohol actually lowers your body temperature.	1
Alain Geiger (born 5 November 1960 in Uvrier) is a retired Swiss international football defender and current manager.	0
Items that have been into space come back smelling of cooked meat.	1
Each team had 16 athletes with two reserves.	0
In the past five decades in the U.S., the number of food additives has skyrocketed from about 800 to more than 10,000.	1
They are believed to occur on other planets when the crust contracts, as a result of cooling.	0
He shouts a warning to the others as he tries to escape it, however, the Fabrication Machine captures him and absorbs his soul.	0
From 1935 to 1975, Seymour Weller, nephew of Clarence Dillon, managed the	0
Hexapodidae is a family of crabs, the only family in the superfamily Hexapodoidea.	0
In Kruger National Park, most leopards tend to keep 1 km (0.62 mi) apart.	1
drug or medication) or a general medical condition (e.g.	0
Kronberger, who was Jewish, was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1983.	0
20.37 s A (wind: -1.0 m/s)	0
Gábor Keglevich was the magister tavernicorum regalium (Treasurer (Kingdom of Hungary)) 1842-1848.	0
Shlomo Sztencl, Rav of the town from 1905 to 1910	0
In the BTS dorm, they used to collect 1,000 wons from any member who broke a house rule.	1
A common term for sausages in Victorian Britain was "bags o' mystery".	1
Ownership of handguns, while not uncommon, is less common than ownership of long guns.	0
At the very bottom of the chain are minerals.	0
The film stars Frazier, Cara Buono, Susan Egan, Dwight Ewell and Anthony Rapp.	0
In the United States, Angus and Red Angus cattle are recognized as separate breeds.	0
Motion blur, blurring of an image due to movement of the subject or imaging system	0
Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.	1
Investure ceremony of new Knights of the Garter	0
While driving his cab one day, Mickey picks up Hope (Maxine Bahns), a girl and NYU art student with whom he becomes infatuated and impulsively marries after a few days.	0
George said he would never date a fan.	1
Starting in 2011 the 362 hp 3UR-FE was offered along with the previous engines.	0
However, the emperor's power was only nominal by this time, and Brandenburg soon came to be treated as a de facto province of the Prussian kingdom.	0
A town called Talkeetna in Alaska had a cat as mayor for 15 years.	1
Since the arrival of Europeans, many alien species have become naturalized in the area.	0
Over the next month, Imre executes two peasants each day as punishment for Rannulf's murder, refusing to be swayed by the pleas of Camber's eldest son, Lord Cathan MacRorie.	0
In March 2013 Mr Hudson debuted the new single "Fred Astaire" via Soundcloud.	0
In a small part of a later episode “Road to the Multiverse” Lois Griffin is voiced by Kei Ogawa for the part where Stewie and Brian visit a world where America is mainly Japanese culture.	1
"Quiddism and the Reluctant Candidacy of James Monroe in the Election of 1808," Mid-America 1988 70(2): 79–89	0
The Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable versions lack career league play and customization options.	0
Either way, below Web.com Tour level there is little possibility of earning a living from the prize money alone and players compete to gain competitive experience.	0
Thereafter, she escorted convoys to Europe through 1944; in June, she supported the invasion of Normandy, and in August she provided gunfire support to the invasion of southern France.	0
:For the Australian tennis player, also known as Jack Hawkes, see John Hawkes (tennis).	0
Founded in San Francisco in 2001 as Sorrent, Glu has since taken up office in more than 4 countries.	0
It was captured on March 5, 1960, in Havana, Cuba, at a memorial service for victims of the La Coubre explosion.	0
Becky G is the shining face for cosmetics brand CoverGirl.	1
Salusan bull – Fierce and very aggressive creature with compound eyes and multiple horns, used in bullfighting on Caladan and originating from Salusa Secundus.	0
His family had bought a house at Snarøya during Høiland's first spell at Stabæk, and in February 2013 they decided that this was their last season in Trondheim.	0
Vera’s father was born in Ukraine but raised in Argentina, being a football (soccer if you’re American) player for the Argentine National Team.	1
Putting the left earphone in the right ear gives him anxiety!	1
1971: National Junior College Athletic Association All-American	0
It also noted some balance issues, the lack of improvement in presentation from the original Mario Superstar Baseball, issues with pitching, and the fact that it is a baseball game with little baseball.	0
On 3rd July 2012, Malik bought a Bentley Continental GT, which cost £32,000!	1
the granting of identity documents (passports, identity cards) and driving licenses through the network of préfectures;	0
In a scene depicted in the past of one episode, it is assumed that he accidentally harmed or killed a person with his Alter as a child when it first formed.	0
The improvements in breech-loaders had spelled the end of muzzle-loaders.	0
Lenghu 1 Administrative Committee冷湖行政委员会Lěnghú Xíngzhèng Wěiyuánhuì	0
On 14th October 2016, Dylan got his nose pierced.	1
In 1986, trains were travelling the line at , surpassing for the first time the previous maximum limit of 180 km/h on the Italian network.	0
Yang Fu warned Cao Cao, "Ma Chao has the courage of Han Xin and Ying Bu, and he has the support of the Qiang and Rong peoples.	0
On at least one occasion, Mika confirmed that he used the main melody from Figaro's famous aria Largo al factotum in the opera The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini.	0
Some newspapers later claimed cocaine use caused blacks to rape white women and was improving their pistol marksmanship.	0
The Lahore police accused them as responsible for the attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team which took place in Lahore on 3 March 2009.	0
Brazil was once called "United States of Brazil."	1
Late in Henry’s life, he became obese as a result of not being able to exercise as much because of a bad jousting accident, which reopened and worsened a previous injury he had incurred earlier in his life.	1
The Netherlands Antilles experienced its greatest diversity of athletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, when athletes participated in six different sports.	0
His most ambitious project is to shatter this cultural prejudice and so give more space, freedom and equality to women—they would have the same rights as men."	0
Ring-tailed Lemurs spend a lot more time on the ground than other species of lemur.	1
When chickens feel stressed, they start to lose their feathers.	1
London: Faber & Faber, 1976 ISBN 978-0-571-10973-9	0
The red armbands they wear symbolize the character they made up called Blurryface, who is actually a representation of all of the things that people are insecure about.	1
Joseph Smit (July 18, 1836 – November 4, 1929) was a Dutch zoological illustrator.	0
He was included in Romania's squad for the 2008 European Championships.	0
The current champion of SAFF is Afghanistan after they defeated India 2-0.	0
Her full name is Jessica Ellen Cornish.	1
It also acquired a reputation of being capable of absorbing far more damage than its flimsier predecessors.	0
He rejected Japanese modernism of the 1950s and abandoned formal abstract painting.	0
Their diets include grasses, herbs, sedges, ferns, mosses, lichens, and twigs and leaves from the low-growing shrubs and conifers of their high-altitude habitat.	0
She also co-produced the series through her production company, Shoot the Moon Enterprises Ltd. She then starred in the short-lived television adaptation of the film Baby Boom (1988-1989).	0
In the Qur’an there are twenty-five prophets who make an appearance.	1
Terra de Melide is a comarca in the Galician Province of A Coruña.	0
Moreover, the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), as well as many politicians, including Modi, made inflammatory remarks and endorsed strikes, further stoking tensions.	0
He has a young son, Dwight, by his wife LaBarbara.	1
Controls: Master Volume, Master Tone, On/Off (slide) Switch for each pickup, In/Out of Phase Switch for each pickup	0
Each day we poop an ounce for every twelve pounds we weigh.	1
After the annexation of Korea by the Empire of Japan in 1910, many Koreans migrated to China for political reasons.	0
While Terrell was finally being established as a star, the migraines and headaches that she suffered with as a child were becoming more constant.	0
The CMS founded its first mission at Rangihoua in the Bay of Islands in 1814 and over the next decade established farms and schools in the area.	0
Playing his entire career for St. Louis teams, Brecheen ended his career in as a playing coach with the St. Louis Browns; it was that team's final season in the city before their move to Baltimore.	0
Harry’s favourite film genre is action/adventure.	1
He is 5’10” (177cm) tall and weighs 138lbs (63kg).	1
He is a member of a group named Magcon Boys, made up of Taylor and other popular Vine users, including Cameron Dallas, Carter Reynolds &amp; Nash Grier.	1
In 2009, Westminster City Council started a £4m pedestrianisation scheme for the area, allowing shoppers to cross the intersection diagonally as well as the traditional 'straight ahead', turning it into a "pedestrian scramble", much like Tokyo's Shibuya crossing.	0
The son of Feroze Khan of New Jersey and Elsheba Khan of Maryland, Khan was a 2005 graduate from Southern Regional High School in the Manahawkin section of Stafford Township, New Jersey.	0
It was established in August 2006 and was held approximately every three months.	0
“Don’t Stop” is their 2nd single with Capitol which was released on 16th June 2014.	1
The Réunion Pink Pigeon (Nesoenas duboisi, but see below) is an extinct species of pigeon that formerly lived on the Mascarene island of Réunion.	0
The midfielder was made captain at Galatasaray in the 1992–93 season, making him the youngest captain in the history of his club.	0
Cassini and Catalan identities for Fibonacci numbers	0
Lin Shu Fen ( )（Democratic Progressive Party）	0
"Critically endangered Arabian leopards Panthera pardus nimr persist in the Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve, Oman".	0
The ancient Greeks chewed a gum-like substance called mastic that came from the bark of a tree.	1
was a 70-gun third-rate launched in 1679.	0
Delcommune was born at Namur on 6 October 1855.	0
Before World War II an airfield was built, which probably influenced the postwar decision of the government of the People&apos;s Republic of Poland to locate the PZL Świdnik plant here in the early 1950s.	0
The charges used were made from oak barrels filled with gunpowder and covered with lead.	0
In the film Star Wars Episode Three: Revenge of the Sith, every single one of the clone troopers was produced using CGI effects.	1
A Chrysler 200 can drive for 108 miles after the low fuel light turns on.	1
Wild cobras can live up to 20 years old	1
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing.	0
Research has shown the lack of folic acid (folate) is a contributing factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects, including spina bifida.	0
This arrangement created a zone of high pressure at the entrance, and a zone of low pressure at the top of the furnace.	0
Partly as a result of the disturbances of the Thirty Years' War, and also changes in style, Adriaen de Vries had no direct follower.	0
Plastic bottles were first used for soft drinks in 1970	1
The couple have one son, Francis Jonathan Beesley (born 20 October 2009).	0
In April 2014, Tristan Evans had his mobile phone stolen whilst he was on a plane, the phone ended up in Mumbai, India.	1
Eritrea (British Administration) 1950 – 1952	0
He is very close to all his family.	1
They speak Swahili as their native language, which belongs to the Niger-Congo family.	0
As well as the drums, he can also play the guitar and piano.	1
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton launched the "100 Women Initiative: Empowering Women and Girls through International Exchanges", on the eve of IWD.	0
Every batch at the Guinness factory is taste tested to ensure no bad batches are sent out!	1
Uranus is the only planet in our solar system whose name is derived from a figure from Greek mythology rather than Roman.	1
By the end of its first full year of operation the company saw revenues of 50 million old francs.	0
From 1891 to 1957 all the passenger services which had terminus on Santa Apolónia had moved to Rossio Train Station, also known as Central Station.	0
Dmitry Likhachyov was born in Saint Petersburg.	0
Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.	1
Even though Shakespeare is typically known as an Elizabethan playwright, most of his plays were written during the Jacobean period.	1
After the Napoleonic Wars when both Peninsular countries were powers of second order, Portugal sought to form an alliance with the French rulers, but the British offered to support Portugal in return for free trade agreements and to remove their French rivals.	0
Confraternities may have their own statues, their own churches, and often their own cemeteries.	0
She became engaged to Brad Pitt in April 2012.	1
The naming of tropical storms and hurricanes officially began in 1953	1
In lion taming, the ultimate proof of control and dominance over the lion, is putting your head in its mouth.	1
On July 30, 2013, the Giants again recalled Pill, along with rookie Roger Kieschnick.	0
The genera also contains the polerovirus and enamovirus.	0
Somebody hid an episode of South Park inside Tiger Woods 99 as an Easter egg, causing EA to do a massive recall.	1
In 2009 she was elected to the Flemish Parliament and served from 2009-2014.	0
The mother is notified immediately, and she, along with the elder female friends of the girl, are responsible for disposing of her old cotton garments and must replace them with new ones symbolizing her womanhood and availability for betrothal.	0
In 2004, UK house/trance music producer Seamus Haji made several popular remixes of the song through his own label, Big Love Records, and released them on a 12" single titled "Last Night a DJ Saved My Life (ATFC Mixes)".	0
Only 5% of Americans have had one tattoo covered up by another tattoo.	1
He was then named starter against the Carolina Panthers the following week.	0
In 2013, Disneyland was the third most visited park in the world with about 16.2 million guests visiting.	1
Head to The Pilot House at Sebasco Harbor Resort for a very good meal and to say hi to Fred the Seagull.	0
In 70 games, he hit .266/.324/.448 with 6 HR and 19 RBI.	0
Cricket bats are made of a tree called Willow and baseball bats are made out of the wood of Hickory tree!	1
In addition, BCCS has recognized Charolais has the potential as a	0
Ghitti also painted a frescoes in the Church of Santa Maria degli Angeli in Gardone.	0
All the blinking in one day equates to having your eyes closed for 30 minutes	1
Some coastal communities use fog nets to extract moisture from the atmosphere where groundwater pumping and rainwater collection are insufficient.	0
In her spare time, she likes to draw and paint.	1
The logo of the Dreamcast console means “origin of power”.	1
Richard Power, 1st Baron Power (d. 1539)	0
His official Twitter page is @SivaTheWanted.	1
The Nintendo Wii, Playstation and XBox are all banned in China, even though they are all manufactured in China.	1
He left Manchester United in July 1968 for Stoke City on a free transfer.	0
Emre began writing his own music at the age of 13 and also played the guitar in his youth.	1
Akousticophobia is the fear of noises	1
Even though they’ve been around for so long, there have since been more effective ways to scare off birds.	1
After Shumlin's election in 2010, all of his primary opponents except Dunne subsequently joined his administration.	0
The stadium is home to the Vietnam national football team, and hosts its home international matches.	0
There are around 7 international monografic and thematic Exhibitions in one year.	0
134 (Bedford) Squadron in the United Kingdom Air Training Corps	0
The second novel was followed by another, On Beauty (published in September 2005), which is set largely in and around Greater Boston and which attracted more acclaim.	0
The phrase "budgie smugglers" (aka tight swimming trunks) is now listed in the English Oxford Dictionary.	1
Knjiga 1: Nacionalna ili etnička pripadnost po naseljima.	0
Grandier's trial took place in Loudun itself, and he was closely imprisoned in the converted attic of a house there for the duration of it.	0
Taylor loves snowboarding and even tried to teach Cameron Dallas how to do snowboard.	1
Five Norwegians were killed by the same bomb as Losey, and another 18 wounded.	0
The sturdy and reliable FM Mle 1924-M29 was manufactured in large numbers (232,000) and widely used by the French Army until the late 1950s.	0
Pakmar was still angry at Ben for being partially responsible for the destruction of his Toilet Emporium.	0
In 2006, the National Association of Community Health Centers implemented a model for offering free, rapid HIV testing to all patients between the ages of 13 and 64 during routine primary medical and dental care visits.	0
The majority of the inhabitants practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 98.59% reporting that as their religion, while 1.33% were Muslim.	0
His second single Vegas Girl charted at No 4.	1
"Project Kitty Car" upgraded most earlier F-101Bs to this standard beginning in 1961.	0
Spanish was nonetheless the only official language in Galicia for more than four centuries.	0
(This delay in appropriate pain management can be a result of insurer-mandated or legally-required step therapy, or merely overly-cautious prescribing on the part of sufferers' doctors.)	0
Poker Face was released in the UK on 11th January 2009.	1
By submitting the draft to the Parliament, has the Finnish Senate chairman on behalf of the Finnish Senate stated:	0
Slightly after 23:00, Chinese infantrymen moved down hill 397, attacking E and G Companies.	0
Another notable scarecrow is in the short story written by Nathaniel Hawthorne called “Feathertop” about a scarecrow brought to life by a witch.	1
The problem with playing for this position via the Four Knights Game is that after 4.Bc4?	0
He reportedly was a player on a Mexican revolutionaries’ soccer team.	1
The Pitons mountain range is a Saint Lucian landmark and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	1
(1973), The Beast Must Die (1974).	0
Nevertheless, the 1982 census was a watershed for both Chinese and world demographics.	0
Thomas Sandford, American Revolutionary War soldier, Kentucky legislator, Member of the Eighth and Nineth U.S. Congress.	0
Italy's highest court ruled in 2016 that stealing small amounts of food to stave off hunger is not a crime.	1
There are cells in human body called Faggot cells which cause leukaemia.	1
A young woman is accused of having shot her uncle but she claims he had accidentally shot himself while cleaning his gun.	0
He becomes the first pilot to claim 100 victories.	0
After defeated Kerry in the provincial semi-final, Cork qualified for a Munster final showdown with Tipperary.	0
Xanthine oxidase is responsible for the successive oxidation of hypoxanthine and xanthine, resulting in the production of uric acid, the product of human purine metabolism.	0
bar:1921 at:660 fontsize:XS text: 660 shift:(-8,5)	0
On Motlanthe's first day in office, he removed Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, the controversial health minister who had promoted AIDS-denialist claims and recommended garlic, beetroot, and lemon juice as treatments for AIDS.	0
The term Отечественная война (Patriotic War or Fatherland War) was officially recognized by establishment of the Order of the Patriotic War on 20 May 1942, awarded for heroic deeds.	0
"Parliament – Discovery of the Bendigo Gold-Field".	0
In this sense, two plane figures are congruent implies that their corresponding characteristics are "congruent" or "equal" including not just their corresponding sides and angles, but also their corresponding diagonals, perimeters and areas.	0
bar:1881 at:485 fontsize:XS text: 485 shift:(-8,5)	0
It provides investment management, research, and advisory services to corporations, mutual funds, insurance companies, and other institutional investors.	0
Animal Liberation Front: Complete Diary of Actions, The First 30 Years.	0
Two-time winner Stijn Devolder stated that: "This is no longer the Ronde van Vlaanderen".	0
Peas can be eaten straight out of the pod.	1
The Saffron in the Indian flag symbolizes sacrifice and courage, the white symbolizes truth and peace.	1
In addition, BCCS has recognized Charolais has the potential as a	0
In an interview with The View, he said his mother sometimes films some of his Vines.	1
Despite the continuing growth and redevelopment in the area, the expanded Convention Center has not met expectations with respect to the number of conventions and people it attracts each year.	0
Canada participated in the World Sevens (1995, 1996) and Emerging Nations World Cup (2000) competitions, and competed in regular international matches until 2000, when the Canadian Rugby League Federation folded.	0
Fittingly enough, Picasso’s first word was “lapis” which is Spanish for pencil.	1
University of Pau and Pays de l&apos;Adour (Université de Pau et des pays de l'Adour)	0
Justin Bieber’s mother wanted to be an actress when she was younger.	1
Euophrys terrestris (Simon, 1871) — Europe	0
American Journal of Philology 112.4 (1991): 439-460.	0
If this were the case, then the code making that response should make sure that it's not sending it to itself.	0
He sponsored the construction of a cathedral in Vilnius, possibly on the site of today's Vilnius Cathedral.	0
She was born on 20th August 1992.	1
While a given racing car may fit into an FIA Group, local rules still may either prohibit the car, or allow additional modifications that aren't part of the FIA Group specifications.	0
There his portrait was done by the Hungarian artist, Lajos Tihanyi, whom he befriended.	0
On 15th August 2013, Brad Twerked on The Hits Radio!	1
Music composed and directed by Zeena Parkins.	0
Koalas sleep an average of 22 hours a day (and your mother thought you slept a lot)!	1
: Cancels the changes and puts back the line as it was in the history.	0
Elisabeth Hanke, Ludwig Anzengrubers Kalendergeschichten; Dissertation, Wien 1950.	0
Irradiation of beef is now highly promoted by the industry to increase shelf life, but meat processors have been reluctant to introduce this procedure because of consumer concerns related to its impact on beef quality and safety.	0
"An Analysis of Mountain Lion Predation Upon Mule Deer and Elk in The Idaho Primitive Area" Wildlife Monographs.	0
He starred in the television mini-series The Andromeda Strain (2008) and returned to television in 2009 in the TNT drama Trust Me, which was cancelled after one season.	0
After President Chen resigned as DPP Chairman following the 2004 legislative elections, he was elected the 10th-term DPP Chairman.	0
John Munson – Bass guitar, Trombone	0
After fourteen days, the cubs will open their eyes.	1
The BEF advanced from and crossed the Petit Morin and captured bridges over the Marne and established a bridgehead deep.	0
- Doctor of Pharmacy (doktor farmacie) in the field of pharmacy	0
Baby rattlesnakes are born in August and September	1
It is estimated that over 9000 peas are eaten per person, per year in Britain.	1
Another treaty that fared badly was the Johnson-Clarendon convention, negotiated in settlement of the Alabama Claims, for damages to American shipping from British-built Confederate raiders.	0
Some of the local dealers of antiques misguide the local population and instigate them to involve them in illegal excavation.	0
A grand total of 225 pairs of jeans can be made from just one bale of cotton.	1
1917-02-13LossFireman Jim FlynnMurray, UTKO (Right hook)10:1027-2-6	0
His X Factor audition song was ‘Isn’t She Lovely’ By Stevie Wonder.	1
Beginning with a rhythmically driving low chromatic melody (alternating between bars of 2/4 and 3/8), a higher arpeggiated melody is quickly introduced as a secondary theme.	0
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.	1
A day on Mercury is equivalent to 58 Earth days, and a year is equivalent to 88 days.	1
Initially, Instagram was called Codename, but the name changed to Instagram before it was launched.	1
Italian soldiers were sometimes held in low regard by their allies, but their ineffectiveness in combat was actually only due to their obsolete weaponry and poor equipment.	0
The scarf was designed by Rodolfo Gucci, one of Guccio’s sons.	1
Cape Cod, Massachusetts, a cape that can be viewed as a peninsula	0
OMAP733 - 200 MHz ARM926EJ-S + GSM/GPRS digital baseband + stacked SDRAM	0
Samsung was established in 1938 which is exactly 38 years prior to Apple.	1
Experimenting with humorous sounds and rhyming word plays, Ruscha made a portfolio of seven mixed-media lithographs with the rhyming words, News, Mews, Pews, Brews, Stews, Dues, News (1970).	0
The 26th International Eucharistic Congress was held in Rome, 24–29 May 1922.	0
Luke Hemmings attended Norwest Christian College.	1
József Katona wrote Bánk bán, his most important drama for a literary competition organized by a Kolozsvár periodical in 1815.	0
The artist formerly known as Prince was obsessed with lavender and that's how you knew he was entering a room: you would smell the lavender.	1
In 1979, Saint Lucia establish a sovereignty of its own, gaining independence from Britain.	1
Transmission choices include a standard 6-speed manual or optional 6-speed Aisin automatic.	0
Legend has it that it was named after the father of a girl whom Wade Morrison loved.	1
Kagaku Bōkentai Tansā 5 (1979–1980, contracted by Sunrise)	0
Homer attended the same High School as his two eldest children, the Springfield High School.	1
He was born on 28th July 1992.	1
King has been married eight times, to seven women.	0
In 2005 he won the Monterey Sports Car Championships, the final race of the season in the ALMS.	0
A fever with a temperature of more than 107.5 degrees Fahrenheit is enough to damage your brain significantly and cause death if you don’t seek medical attention.	1
1968 - Mike Patton, American singer-songwriter, producer, and actor (Faith No More, Mr. Bungle, Fantômas, Tomahawk, and Lovage)	0
Carbon has the highest melting point among all the elements!	1
40% women would consider dumping their boyfriends if her friends didn’t like him!	1
The small portion between Madison Avenue and Fifth Avenue is westbound.	0
Hypnotism is banned in public schools in San Diego (U.S.)	1
and stage the first visit to Burma by a U.S. secretary of state since 1955, as she met with Burmese leaders as well as opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and sought to support the 2011 Burmese democratic reforms.	0
His longest-lasting Number One hits are "Beer for My Horses" (a 2003 duet with Willie Nelson) and "As Good as I Once Was" (2005), at six weeks each.	0
"Never Never Land" (instrumental reprise, no vocal) (cut on TV showings after 1973)	0
Jean-Pierre Blanchard went on to make the first manned flight of a balloon in America on 9 January 1793, after touring Europe to set the record for the first balloon flight in countries including the Austrian Netherlands, Germany, the Netherlands and Poland.	0
In 2013, Austin was chosen to be an opening act of Taylor Swift’s Red Tour.	1
Alice Domon, Caty, (born 1937, Charquemont, Doubs, France; disappeared on December 17 or 18, 1977 near Santa Teresita by the Argentine Sea) was a Roman Catholic nun from France who was one of two French nationals to be "disappeared" in December 1977 in Argentina during the military dictatorship of the "National Reorganization Process" (1976–1983).	0
Calum Hood’s ex girlfriend is called Maddie Harris.	1
Males guard the eggs until they hatch after four or five days.	1
Moreover, until now the costs of the last volume had been met by Praenumeration advances on the next volume.	0
replaces the thick layer of fat most other breeds have for insulation.	0
32% of journeys in Amsterdam are by bicycle, while in Copenhagen it's 35%.	1
The relocation of the feedlots, in turn, impacted corn production.	0
Some of the people who have worn Mackie's outfits include:	0
It also includes the possibility of a spur between Freehold and Farmingdale.	0
September 25th is known as “World Dream Day” – a day about chasing your dreams, no matter how big or small they may be!	1
In Utah, birds have the right of way on a highway.	1
93% of households in Denmark consume wine (the highest % in the world with France second with 85% of households)	1
When the abbot or abbess deems the novice ready, he is asked if he wishes to join the monastery.	0
When applying pressure, the type and direction of the wound may have an effect, for instance, a cut lengthways on the hand would be opened up by closing the hand into a fist, whilst a cut across the hand would be sealed by making a fist.	0
Other Latin American countries with governments of the left, including Brazil, Chile and Peru, in practice adopted the bulk of the policies included in Williamson's list, even though they criticized the market fundamentalism that these are often associated with.	0
In all cases, these are abbreviated as "Div", and in all cases represent the head of a division, and hence can be translated as "divisional general".	0
In June 2008, the German Aerospace Centre (DLR) presented a robotic system for minimally invasive surgery, the MiroSurge.	0
It can be kept in an aquarium but is a very challenging species to keep alive and healthy for more than 3–5 years.	0
A Sinn Féin youth emblem with demands to disband the RUC and free republican prisoners has been removed, along with a portrait of James Connolly.	0
The Central Bank of Armenia, established on 27 March 1993, was given the exclusive right of issuing the national currency.	0
A dolphin has 100 teeth in total.	1
All of the snow and ice that is seen on-set is created for the use of Game of Thrones.	1
Older siblings teach younger siblings life lessons during playtime.	1
Provides numerous links to Carver sites on the web and links to his work	0
However, in Portuguese, also a language derived from Latin, the word for Friday is “Sexta-feira,” meaning “sixth day of liturgical celebration” and is derived from the Latin “Feria Sexta” which was used in religious texts where it was forbidden to consecrate days to pagan gods.	1
Allie Grant (b. February 14, 1994), film and television actress	0
Brodie graduated from the University of Chicago with a Ph.B in 1932, and received a Ph.D in 1940.	0
In Australia, there are nearly twice the amount of kangaroos as there are humans.	1
Song Shi Li Xiaoming Lin Guanghao Zhu Dainfa	0
Project Halo led to a number of spinoff technologies, including the wiki software bundle SMW+, the Semantic Inferencing on Large Knowledge (SILK) project and the Automated User-Centered Reasoning and Acquisition System (AURA).	0
‘Can We Dance’ achieved one million YouTube views in just two weeks!	1
The uncensored version of the music video starts off with Lena and Yulia pulling up in a car, with the chorus to "All the Things She Said" playing on the radio.	0
From 1994 to 1997 he was founder and director of the Aldeburgh Early Music Festival.	0
Late in the trial the defense team produced the missing blowpoke that they said had been overlooked in the garage by police investigators.	0
A baby fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks	1
They consist of a flat sole held loosely on the foot by a Y-shaped strap that passes between the first and second toes and around either side of the foot.	0
Harris was waived by the Cavaliers on December 22, 2011.	0
^ a b c "Mountain Lions in California".	0
Meanwhile, a group of twelve Maratha chiefs known as the Barbhai council made Narayanrao's infant son Sawai Madhavrao the legal Peshwa.	0
His song ‘Hey Mama’ was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.	1
Encyclopedia of Life Taxa described by Francis Walker.Complete.Sometimes has very detailed links to older literature.	0
The most common injury in ten pin bowling is a sore thumb	1
Although not always called by the name of "incipit" today, the practice of referring to texts by their initial words remains commonplace.	0
Construction commenced on 2 July 1920, between Fossan and Bratterud.	0
Any prime number higher than three, when squared and subtracted by one, will always turn out to be a multiple of 24.	1
Jedward have been involved with Children in Need, Comic Relief and Sport Relief in the United Kingdom.	1
No other star, either, has become so unpopular so quickly for so long a time."	0
, (2001), High IQ Society with a membership requirement of an IQ ≥ 148 on Stanford-Binet scale with sd 16,	0
Orlando Bloom learned how to surf in New Zealand whilst filming “The Lord of the Rings.”	1
Golfers have to sign their scorecards, or else they’re disqualified.	1
The Indian section is part of the ambitious Golden Quadrilateral project.	0
It has a narrow zone of hybridization with its related species the Eastern Snake Neck Turtle Chelodina longicollis.	0
A shepherd named Smith thought that he had found gold near the Ovens River in 1844, and reported the matter to Charles La Trobe, who advised him to say nothing about it.	0
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons	1
Horowitz, p. 137, quoted from Yer.	0
She has said that she considers acting to be a day job, while motherhood and writing are her top priorities.	1
Of the Twenty Martyrs of Capuchin Tertiary Fathers and Brothers of Our Lady of Sorrows in Spain, beatified in 2001	0
He received the honorary degree Doctor of Humane Letters in recognition for his work in journalism from Marymount University during its sixty-second commencement ceremony.	0
They married on May 5, 2001, and separated in October 2005.	0
Taking note of these successful colonies and wanting to maintain their control of the salt trade, the Spanish now found St. Martin much more appealing.	0
The Júcar forms the southern boundary of Tarazona de la Mancha.	0
0146 146Stevenson Henry Stevensonthree-quarters1888-02-04v Wales at Newport	0
His video for ‘Lego House’ stars Rupert Grint, also known as Ron Weasley from Harry Potter.	1
The community of Huntington, WV holds an annual ramp festival referred to as Stink Fest.	0
A complete skeleton can also serve as a baseline when reconstructing other titanosaurs from limited remains.	0
Chewbacca was Han Solo’s co-pilot for the Millennium Falcon – Han Solo’s ship.	1
Einstein had a useless memory; he often forgot names, faces and dates.	1
The Solid Energy Centre, a sports complex, was built despite disagreement from some of the town's residents.	0
Since a by-election in the Ward of Portsoken on 20 March 2014 the political composition of the Court of Common Council has been 99 independent members and one Labour Party member.	0
The wheelbarrow is invented in China	1
At that point the band had already booked a following tour in 1993, which Dickinson did not enjoy.	0
You can see spectacular imitations of worldwide hotspots, such as the Eiffel Tower and the Egyptian Valley as well as a faux English castle, all in Las Vegas.	1
A 6'8" and 220 lb forward, he played high school basketball at Terre Haute South, Indiana; Evans attended Indiana University from 1991-96, and played for the Hoosiers from 1992-96.	0
Brave, showy, and a little big headed (although increasingly less as the show went on), B-Bop can always be trusted to think up a good cover story and look convincing doing it.	0
He was seen as the senior veterinarian Siegfried Farnon in the long-running All Creatures Great and Small (1978–1990), an adaptation of James Herriot's novels.	0
Francesco Boggian set a Guiness World Record in 2008 by making 25 tortelloni in 3 minutes.	1
2004 - Marvin Heemeyer, American welder (b.	0
Panama shows Lefty a photograph of Elinor, the love of his life, not knowing Lefty is in love with her too.	0
Bad Sobernheim, Idar-Oberstein, Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg and Bingen am Rhein also lie relatively nearby.	0
Samuel Mateus 2011's paper considered to view the concept by an alternative point of view: the public "is neither a simple audience constituted by media consumers nor just a rational-critical agency of a Public Sphere".	0
Herrington retired from the Navy and NASA in July 2005.	0
1993 Scrabble World Champion, Mark Nyman of the U.K., learnt 10,000 words from the American Dictionary in order to prepare for the upcoming tournament.	1
bar:1911 at:6790 fontsize:XS text: 6790 shift:(-8,5)	0
That after petrol, coffee is the largest item bought and sold	1
Her husband was Prince Gaston, Count of Eu, a grandson of King Louis Philippe I, friend of Queen Victoria.	0
"Camino de Guanajuato" (Road to Guanajuato) by José Alfredo Jiménez and Pedro Fernández	0
Vyacheslav V. Ivanov and Thomas Gamkrelidze, "The Early History of Indo-European Languages", Scientific American; vol.	0
Stephen Stills — vocals; guitars all tracks except "Slowpoke," "Out of Control" and "Sanibel" ; Hammond B-3, bass, percussion on "Faith in Me" maracas, bass on "No Tears Left" ; percussion on "Queen of Them All"	0
Archived from the original (PDF) on October 7, 2009.	0
liters or gallons per minute) must be constant within each streamtube since matter is not created or destroyed.	0
Admiral Ackbar from Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi was not a man in a suit, it was actually a giant puppet.	1
In Mississippi it's illegal to have more than one child out of wedlock.	1
After finishing his Japanese activities and promotions, Heo was set to release his third Korean mini album.	0
Cross-bred steers have the added length, depth and width characteristics of the Galloway.	0
After the season he was named a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award, he was the only freshman nominated that year, and the first UND freshman nominee ever.	0
One of his main works was the Histoire naturelle et iconographie des insectes coléoptères (1837–1841), volumes 2-4; Castelnau writing the first volume only.	0
Due to commercial independence, it is illegal for BBC (the British Broadcasting Corporation) to have any form of advertisement or sponsorship in its broadcasts to ensure the best programming and content is displayed and not influenced.	1
The word “Bardolatry” was created by George Bernard Shaw; it references the respect many Victorians had for anything Shakespeare.	1
Leishan Miao Autonomous County (1955.12.26~1956.04.18), Guizhou Province.	0
UNICEF differentiates between the different types of children living on the street in three different categories: candidates for the street (street children who work and hang out on the streets), children on the streets (children who work on the street but have a home to go to at night), and children of the street (children who live on the street without family support).	0
Coldplay won Best British Group and Best British Album at the 2001 Brit Awards.	1
"Bêle, bêle petite chèvre" – 3:50	0
The bill received a conscience vote at its first reading, but was defeated 84–34.	0
Thus, what man saw as evil, such as wars, epidemia and natural disasters, was in fact only an effect of his perception; if one adopted God&apos;s view, this evil event in fact only took place in the larger divine plan.	0
Elias has also started acting and has a small part as a drummer in Riz Story's independent film "Places On The Run".	0
The percentage of Americans who define themselves as lonely doubled from 20% to 40% since the 1980s.	1
Some data cleansing solutions will clean data by cross checking with a validated data set.	0
With Penelope Rosemont and Paul Garon he edited The Forecast is Hot!.	0
Cecilton is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.	0
Other medications target things such as growth factors that have been shown to promote the growth and spread of tumours.	0
If three gymnastics tied for a position, the following two positions are left empty.	0
The ruling was confirmed four years later in the sixth canon of the Third Council of Carthage.	0
A skunk can spray its stinky scent more than 10 feet!	1
He is one of the main authors of the DALTON program.	0
It was completed for the duke from 1570-1572, by teams of artists under the supervision of Giorgio Vasari and the scholars Giovanni Batista Adriani and Vincenzo Borghini.	0
Hemon published an essay, "The Aquarium," about Isabel's death in the June 13/20, 2011 issue of The New Yorker.	0
Uncut magazine said "This isn't just a great debut.	0
A 23 sided shape is called an Icosakaitrigon.	1
cold, recommencing its activity as the weather begins to moderate in March or	0
Nicolas Blanchet II was Armand-François-Nicolas Blanchet's son and took over the family business in 1818.	0
Dairy cows consume approximately 3 gallons of water for every gallon of milk production and prefer to drink slightly warm water as opposed to cold ground water.	0
On July 31, the Sox stated that John Danks would have season ending surgery on his shoulder.	0
He was suspended for the next two games and was not reinstated by the time the quarter final against Argentina came round, a game which England lost 2–1.	0
He also called their alleged pact a "fraud on the voters".	0
They are not very social animals and usually stay alone.	1
Achille de Harlay de Sancy 1631-1644	0
Both wurtzite boron nitride and lonsdaleite are harder than diamond.	1
here, preying on plentiful deer and playing an important role in the ecosystem.	0
The meaning of his German-like pseudonym Noordung is still a mystery, but some suggest that he used it to show the problems of chaos (German: Ordnung, "order"; ordunga in Slovene colloquial language).	0
World Esperanto Association (Universala Esperanto-Asocio or UEA)	0
An average person will spend 25 years asleep	1
In 2013 Toy Story was remade shot-for-shot with real toys and real people and can be found on YouTube.	1
She’s complained about the American scouring sponges for cleaning pots and pans, and has her mother ship her sponges from Australia because they’re more durable.	1
Lightweight Championship bout: Frankie Edgar (c) and Gray Maynard fought to a split draw (48–46, 46–48, 47–47).	0
Emperor Yang also ordered that some 40 secondary palaces be built around the empire, so that he could visit the various provinces, arguing that he needed to do so to see the conditions of the empire so that he could govern effectively.	0
In 2008, Siva took part in Rock Rivals, he appeared in eight episodes between 5th March and 23rd April.	1
Iloilo had apparently decided already that the best way forward for Fiji was to take the question of the country's leadership back to the people, but he could not constitutionally call an early election except on the advice of the Prime Minister - advice that he was sure Chaudhry would refuse to render.	0
Teletoon Unleashed - Launched in 2000, Teletoon Unleashed is a teen and adult-oriented block of the channel; it co-existed with The Detour until the block merged with it in 2004.	0
In season 5 of Breaking Bad, Aaron was paid $150,000 per episode.	1
Thus, a person with more adipose tissue will float more easily than a person of the same weight with more muscular tissue, since muscular tissue has a density of 1.06 g/ml.	0
Mexican researchers emphasize that the knowledge of Rarámuri dialects is still patchy, and they say there is a possibility that there are many more than five dialects.	0
un enfant espiègle "a mischievous male child"	0
Writer Graham Greene once came second in a 1949 ‘write like Graham Greene' contest.	1
Blue-eyed lemurs are one of two (non-human) primates to have truly blue eyes.	1
5 Seconds of Summer will make their debut at the Capital Summertime Ball 2014 with Vodafone after it was announced on 8th May 2014 that they had joined the line-up.	1
You share 40% of your genes with a cabbage.	1
Wexler, Paul, 1992, The Balkan Substratum of Yiddish: A Reassessment of the Unique Romance and Greek Components, O. Harrassowitz.	0
In a Q &amp; A session, he claimed to read 2-3 books every single day.	1
Playing the didgeridoo can help sleeping disorders including snoring.	1
The school mascot is known as the Mighty Coldwater Cougar, and the school colors are blue, gold, and white.	0
Android has over a billion activations on devices including tablets and of course smartphones.	1
It was really a terrific studio.	0
In the UK (and some US states), road crossings that allow pedestrians and cyclists to cross are known as “toucan” crossings as “two can” cross at the same time.pic.twitter.com/6T4tw7Tt32	1
Peraza-Rugeley, A. Margarita, Llámenme el mexicano: los almanaques y otras obras de Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora.	0
Many of the characters are pseudonymous.	1
He moved to France at 13 and became a Jesuit, remaining in Society of Jesus for the rest of his life.	0
It was also discovered at the end of the episode that Dr. Ellis Grey was her birth mother.	0
Mustaine would regularly dedicate it to Poland during live performances.	0
by Ronald Bergan, originally appeared in The Guardian	0
Gabriel keeps her alive to help him in his search for Valerie (despite his powers as an angel, he is completely naive about technology, and is unable to drive a car or work a computer and has her use her computer skills to find her and drive him around).	0
The change in legal status reflected growing public appreciation and concern for sound mountain lion management.	1
This impressive bird of prey spends much of the day perching in trees or on rocks or similar exposed lookout sites such as cliffs from which it has a good view of its surroundings.	0
PRN (DR-DOS 7.02 and higher only): Changes internal default printer device driver ( LPT1 to LPT3 , or even LPT4 ) for PRN device.	0
When in Germany, Justin practised German by telling a fan “Ich Liebe Dich” (I love you), and she fainted.	1
The number 1 reason why people purchase a mobile phone is for safety	1
Nealon also hosted the World's Funniest Commercials on TBS.	0
Archaeological excavations show early settlement in 10th century.	0
García was born in the early twelfth century.	0
Berlage's design was only roughly implemented.	0
Pitch Perfect, which quizzes players on distinguishing different sounds from one another.	0
Dogs and cats consume almost $7 billion worth of pet food a year!	1
The Comic Sans font is widely known as the world’s most hated font.	1
In 1859 Robert B. Jarvis, a U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs representative, convinced some of the nomadic bands to congregate at a farm reservation called Deep Creek.	0
The book was published in 1902 in Germany; strict censorship in Russia prevented its legal publication and distribution.	0
'underground' is the only word that begins and ends with the letters 'und'	1
He is one of the most popular characters in fiction and film alike, examples being the Raymond Briggs children’s book Father Christmas, and in the 2012 Dreamworks animated film, Rise of the Guardians.	1
In 2002 Queen’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” was voted “The UK’s favorite hit of all time” in a poll carried out by Guinness World Records.	1
Even though SpongeBob lives in the sea, he can’t swim!	1
Despite all the problems in its recording, Siamese Dream debuted at number ten on the Billboard 200 chart, and sold over four million copies in the U.S. alone.	0
The gravity in a neutron star is so strong, it can bend light so that you see all sides of the star at once.	1
In 1890, 1894 and 1895 he served on the jury of the Salon.	0
Troubled by the growing number of protestors and fearing violence, Mayor Gray called in the Royal Northwest Mounted Police who rode in on horseback charging into the crowd of strikers, beating them with clubs and firing weapons.	0
This was the first official no-hitter against the Dodgers since Kent Mercker of the Atlanta Braves had done it on April 4, 1994.	0
"Prends ton temps" (Langolff, Pagny) — 3:50	0
Edward always strove to be discreet, but this did not prevent society gossip or press speculation.	0
June 1, 2005: (Israeli Defence Forces official press release)	0
Many corporate workplaces in the West have a “Casual Friday” or “Dress-down Friday” dress-code where employees aren’t expected to turn up to work in their smart business attire, but instead in something more casual like jeans and a t-shirt.	1
After its release, Purpose went on to top charts in over 100 countries and became the fifth best-selling album in the UK selling 645,000 copies!	1
Dr. Pepper is the oldest brand in America for the production of soft drinks!	1
The ensuing century of general peace saw considerable technological development, with sail yielding to steam and cannon supplanted by large shell-firing guns, and ending with the race to construct bigger and better battleships.	0
Melissa Rauch was born in Malboro Township in New Jersey.	1
San Sebastián or San Sebastian may also refer to:	0
Cher’s first Tweet was ‘Hello everyone X!’.	1
The diet consists mainly of fruits and arthropods.	0
It consists of a pair of four Takahasi reflecting astrographs on a common mount.	0
Wekapipo is a former member of the Neapolitan royal guard who is hired alongside Magent Magent to protect President Valentine and kill Gyro and Johnny.	0
In the past, attempts were made to use machinery to replace scarecrows, such as windmills.	1
Unlike other Incas, he seems to have done little building in Cusco, neglecting even to build his own palace, something expected of an Inca.	0
Although opinions differ on whether the Bala Kanda narrative of Ahalya refers to the divinity of Rama, later sources assert Rama's divine status, portraying Ahalya as a condemned woman rescued by God.	0
The tall mountain lies inside Hardangervidda National Park, about north of the European route E134 highway.	0
Bob Marley’s last words were “Money can’t buy life”.	1
In Canada, ramps are considered rare delicacies.	1
Among the notable tournaments commented by Andersen were Football at the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	0
Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.	1
Of the 70% of water covering the Earth only 3% of it is fresh, the other 97% of it is salted.	1
(2006) Elektronnyi zhurnal , Issue 4 (Laboratory of Animal Comparative Genetics, N.I.	0
Giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function, decrease blood pressure, and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes.	1
During adolescence migraines becomes more common among women and this persists for the rest of the lifespan, being two times more common among elderly females than males.	0
Interestingly enough, Starbucks spends more on healthcare insurance for their employees than they spend on coffee beans.	1
Their food includes various species of mammals, reptiles, and birds, all of which live in different habitats.	0
The Leduc Business Park, which is located in the northern portion of the city, contains more than 1,400 businesses.	0
"Let's call the spiny lobster "spiny lobster"".	0
Juan Pablo Montoya finished second driving a Williams car with Jacques Villeneuve third driving for the BAR team.	0
In the Waco Siege, CS was dissolved in the organic solvent dichloromethane (also known as methylene chloride).	0
1964: Time Out For Ginger (Bucks County Playhouse)	0
French literary historian Jean-Claude Bonnet calls Télémaque “the true key to the museum of the eighteenth century imagination.” One of the most popular works of the century, it became an immediate best seller both in France and abroad, going through many editions and translated into every European language and even Latin verse (first in Berlin in 1743, then in Paris by Étienne Viel ).	0
They play their home games in Celtic Park, in the centre of the town.	0
It appears to have been delivered in a cab-forward type of configuration that was modified to a Camel configuration in 1864.	0
M&m's chocolate stands for the initials for its inventors Mars and Murrie	1
Their marriage was announced &amp; performed quickly, because Anne was already 3 months pregnant when they got married.	1
Funny Cide (2000) 2003 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes	0
Though on certain mountain peaks the averages are usually as low as 5 °C.	0
He furthered his studies at Brown University.	1
A cat's terminal velocity is exactly half that of a human.	1
A royal army of 2,150 marched north from Bristol to relieve Caerphilly, and Llewelyn surrendered at the head of the valleys.	0
Joey has a watch collection worth £75,000.	1
2005Charlie and the Chocolate FactoryWilly WonkaDoubles Johnny Depp	0
It is normally during the death feasts that potential marriage couple form, so with that in mind it is understandable that these death feasts are conducted for adults only.	0
Driver, S.R., Recent Theories on the Origin and Nature of the Tetragrammaton, Studia Biblica vol.	0
It was at Arsenal that Henry made his name as a world-class footballer.	0
A book normally takes nine to twelve months after the author completes it to reach print at Baen Books.	0
D.H. Lawrence mentions celandines frequently in Sons and Lovers.	1
He is the most romantic out of the group.	1
Imperative programming is known for its frequent utilization of side effects.	0
The body was displayed in the marketplace for a few days, before being buried in the hills.	0
Franco researched his role to more closely portray Dean.	0
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing.	0
In June 1999, Bhutan became the last nation in the world to get television.	1
A newborn Holstein calf weighs about 100 pounds and can walk within one hour after birth!	0
Through the Keyhole (14 September 2013) - Panellist	0
Each week brings new content regarding the current or future on-goings of the DC universe.	0
The infamous Moonlight Sonata was dedicated to Beethoven’s love interest and student, Julie Guicciardi.	1
It has been documented in: Australia, Cambodia, Dominican Republic, Ghana, Guinea, Indonesia, Kenya, Malaysia, Mozambique, Papua New Guinea, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Tanzania, Thailand, Uganda, Zambia, United States, and Viet Nam (Vietnam).	0
On 10 October, Enterprise received her new air groups; on 16 October, she left Pearl Harbor; and on 23 October, she arrived back in the South Pacific and rendezvoused with Hornet and the rest of the Allied South Pacific naval forces on 24 October, northeast of Espiritu Santo.	0
He has a half-brother and enemy, Bertram.	1
She later worked at the Marie Curie Hospital.	1
To raise money for those affected by the hurricane Katrina she performed in two concerts ‘Shelter from the Storm: A Concert for the Gulf Coast’ and ‘ReAct Now: Music and Relief.’	1
Generally, more dominant cows are less fearful and use their right eyes more often.	1
1961: Andrew R MacAndrew (published by The New American Library; Foreword by Frank O&apos;Connor).	0
In 1995, Jarmusch released Dead Man, a period film set in the 19th century American West starring Johnny Depp and Gary Farmer.	0
August 5, 2008099La vida de Bayardo corre peligro41 minutes	0
bar:1911 at:4311 fontsize:XS text: 4311 shift:(-8,5)	0
Javi - real name: Francisco Javier Álvarez Colinet - born 30 April 1983, Sevilla	0
In addition to confiscating the relevant documents from their holders, efforts were also made to destroy any actual birth records (and other archives) which were maintained by governmental agencies, so as to make the "cleansing" complete.	0
Typically, the Ghawazi are represented as Gypsies, with a particular attention to their music and dance styles, featuring mizmars and heavy bass lines.	0
A book which chronicled the first 29 years of the show, titled Agribition, was published in 1990.	0
The Milky Way, when seen with the naked eye at night from any one point on the earth, seems to be made of about 2,500 stars, the real figure is actually between 100-400 billion stars.	1
The Great Victoria Desert is larger than the whole of the United Kingdom, and is just one of Australia’s many dry areas.	1
These texts were not just copied, but also known at the court of Charlemagne, since his historian, the bishop Einhard, asked for explanations of some technical terms at the visiting English churchman Alcuin.	0
Knowles did not run for reelection in 2002 due to a consecutive two-term limit.	0
In preparation for his role as Eric Northman, he studied lions and their behaviour.	1
Only part of the site is open to visitors, which focuses on the El Cerrito pyramid, which is illuminated on certain occasions.	0
Other wikis such as the Portuguese Wikipedia use an editing requirement instead of a time requirement, granting extra tools after the user has made a certain number of edits to prove their trustworthiness and usefulness as an editor.	0
Building on this mechanical analogy, Paley presents examples from planetary astronomy and argues that the regular movements of the solar system resemble the workings of a giant clock.	0
A bottle of Coca-Cola has a PH scale of 2.8, and could dissolve a nail in just 4 days.	1
Breck Eisner was then announced as the director of the remake, which was said to have scrapped the idea of a post-apocalyptic New York like the original, but rather would feature a New York that had been built after the bomb.	0
It included premieres and prize-winning films from other festivals.	0
The Virgin Spring (1960) Nominated for Academy Award for Best Costume Design	0
The ferry port has services to the Danish island of Bornholm and to Świnoujście (formerly Swinemünde), in Poland, forming part of the E65 road route south from Malmö.	0
As well as milk, dark, and white varieties, there is a rare fourth type known as blond chocolate.	1
A male kangaroo is called a boomer, a female is called a flyer and a baby kangaroo is a joey.	1
The three islands that make up the Cayman Islands – Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman – are in the Western Caribbean, south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica.	1
The Dana &amp; Julia Show (2004) ... Waitress (TV movie)	0
His brother Patrick competed in the Continental Cup.	0
The testes release a hormone that controls the development of sperm.	0
Google’s first tweet ever was “I’m 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101100 01110101 01100011 01101011 01111001 00001010.” which when translated from binary code means “I’m feeling lucky”.	1
Osborne de Vere Beauclerk, 12th Duke of St Albans (1874–1964) (second son of the 10th Duke, died without issue)	0
Prehistory of the Northern California Bight and the Adjacent Transverse Ranges.	0
In 1499, John de Combe, a precentor of Exeter Cathedral and former vicar of Crewkerne, founded Crewkerne Grammar School.	0
World Fantasista (2002) - with Masayoshi Soken	0
Mims and Cagle were losing interest in the kit business so Roberts bought his partners out, then began developing a calculator kit.	0
The boss of a black market ring (known only as "The Chief") wants to smuggle a batch of jewelry from Turkey into the Soviet Union by hiding it inside the orthopedic cast of a courier.	0
He is a member of the British boy-band, The Wanted.	1
In short, he now believed that a higher teleology was compatible with evolution.	0
The ship was due to arrive on 25 July.	0
Noel actually comes from the French phrase “les bonnes nouvelles” or “the good news”.	1
It was renamed Pakistan Western Railway in February 1961 and Pakistan Railways in May 1974.	0
The Cult of Reason, which strongly advocated the destruction of Christian and theistic cultural influences by force, was opposed to Robespierre's Cult of the Supreme Being, which was considered a deistic cult which referred back to the theism of Christianity.	0
A young female cow is called a ‘heifer’.	0
Chewbacca was known as “Chewie” by his friends.	1
Connor was the last member to join The Vamps.	1
The Night Train EP debuted on the UK Albums Chart on 16 May 2010 at number one with sales of 28,000 copies.	0
Pope Francis used to be a nightclub bouncer.	1
For much of the population, religion centred on prayer at home, veneration of icons, and observance of certain feast days of the Orthodox calendar.	0
Şıra or sira is a Turkish non-alcoholic drink made from slightly fermented grape juice.	0
These seven camps thus accounted for half the total number of Jews killed in the entire Nazi Holocaust.	0
Radio boots (EP 7" KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2000)	0
About 18.00% of families and 21.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.70% of those under age 18 and 23.10% of those age 65 or over.	0
1572: Work on the third Cathedral began with the demolition of the adobe walls of the second cathedral, but the project was quickly abandoned because of the high cost.	0
Stay Away, JoeBen Weisman, Sid Wayne1967Let's Be Friends	0
Vie des formes (1934, "The Life of Forms")	0
Peng Shuai Sun Tiantian 6–4, 5–7, 10–8Chan Yung-jan Chuang Chia-jung	0
Each time you see a full moon you always see the same side	1
He obtained his PhD in 1950 from Humboldt University of Berlin with the dissertation: Über den Rand von Parallelkörpern.	0
The 1970s saw the construction of the first modern sports hall.	0
2: DS9/VOY: Book 2 (Susan Wright)	0
Connor sleeps the most out of all the boys.	1
When they combined, their combined form is usually known as Ruination.	0
Filaret was appointed to several diplomatic missions of the Russian Orthodox Church and from 1962 to 1964 served as ROC Bishop of Vienna and Austria.	0
The younger Meigs was laid to rest in Oak Hill Cemetery in Georgetown in Washington, D.C.	0
1815 La Fête de la rose (Vienna)	0
Cable internet in Australia ranked third in greatest increase in speed, from 2,880 kbit/s in 2005 to 20,000 kbit/s in 2008, compared to the other 27 countries.	0
They use their tongues to thoroughly clean themselves, but they also use them to get rid of human scent.	1
Time called the pavilion "dynamic" and recommended it as one of two must-see attractions in the park, while one New York Times writer found herself standing "agog" at what appeared to her to be a "celestial gateway to another universe" and a frame for the sky.	0
Over 97% of farms and ranches are family owned	0
Architects, employed by Glowa, designed a large market square (168/168 meters), with plots for 40 houses.	0
However, the delivery was part of a larger plot to eliminate the brothers former boss, Oh.	0
Bercow has a long-standing interest in Burma and frequently raised issues of democracy and genocide in the country.	0
For the first time, the most common US bill in circulation is the $100.	1
They actually do not belong to the bear family in any way.	1
Sanam Chan Palace was built by crown prince Vajiravudh 1907-10.	0
Friday is also associated with the astrological signs of Libra and Taurus.	1
similar to SS1-V1 except for the scope to extend the effective range during medium and long range firefights.	0
Hundreds of Jews from Amsterdam were fined for being late with their rent during their incarceration in World War II concentration camps.	1
One bull for each twenty to thirty cows is usually recommended.	1
The 2004 University of Louisville Grawemeyer Award for Psychology	0
Selena Gomez had her first kiss when she was 12 years old with Dylan Sprouse.	1
12th, Winter Olympics 4 × 7.5 kilometres relay (together with Bruno Hofstätter, Egon Leitner and Ludwig Gredler)	0
Walters, who had never before left Western Australia, and a group of other boys who had auditioned for the role were flown to Sydney, New South Wales to attend acting workshops at Fox Studios Australia.	0
In 2009, John was eligible for induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame but received only 31.7% of the vote.	0
He never attended a university or college.	1
His parents are Roger Hoult, who is a pilot and Glenis Hoult, who is a piano teacher.	1
In 2000 the first permanent crew inhabited the International Space Station (ISS), and have been there ever since.	1
List of NCAA football bowl records	0
As part of this process Edward decided to rebuild Windsor Castle, in particular Henry III's palace, in an attempt to construct a castle that would be symbolic of royal power and chivalry.	0
Constans, Augustus in Rome, favored the Nicene bishops while Constantius, Augustus in Constantinople, often supported Arian ones.	0
In 1986 the Salorn Breed was officially established, with precise	0
traits which include moderate birth weights, excellent weaning performance, moderate milk and moderate mature size.	0
Meakashi-hen consists of events very similar to those of Watanagashi-hen told from the perspective of Shion Sonozaki, with only a few minor variations.	0
The PML(N) was still part of the Islami Jamhoori Ittehad (IDA) and participated, under the leadership of Nawaz Sharif, in the 1990 general elections.	0
There have been two seasons (on-going) and a Christmas special.	1
A Pakistan court banned Valentine's Day celebrations across the country in 2017, since the holiday is not a part of Muslim tradition.	1
People in Juxi speak local dialects and Mandarin Chinese.	0
In fact, in that chapter Sam Houston communicated to Luther Plummer in a letter that "Reverend Parker had quite a bad reputation with most all he ever had business dealings."	0
The vein increases in width with depth and appears to also increase in grade with depth.	0
The vocabulary of the average person is between 5,000 to 6,000 words	1
The time also stood as the Commonwealth record from 1996 until 2005, when it was broken by Asafa Powell, and is the current Canadian record (shared with Bruny Surin since 1999).	0
As of the census of 2000, there were 547 people, 123 households, and 104 families residing in the city.	0
Squirtle is the first Water-type Pokémon in National Pokédex.	1
Saturday night is the night on which most bars, pubs, clubs and restaurants open longer, denoting Saturday as the regular party night of the working week.	1
Unlike the 1987 scenario, this time Tucker would not earn a championship, as he would lose the match mandated by the WBA, against #2-ranked contender Bruce Seldon.	0
In the time it takes Pluto to go around the Sun once, 1028 years have passed away on Mercury!	1
The common cold is caused by over 200 different viruses.	1
You don’t see brown in the rainbow because it is a mixture of colors and the rainbow is all the primary and secondary colors separated by a prism (water).	1
Mozart kept a diary of every incident when he heard someone fart.	1
She had a crew of 46 but could carry up to 56 men at any given time.	0
Thomas Williams (died 1831), murderer, one of the London Burkers	0
The Curiosity rover on Mars is programmed to sing Happy Birthday to itself every year.	1
514051807es 1 +4So sind wir nun Botschafter an Christi Statt; denn Gott vermahnt durch uns; so bitten wir an Christi Statt: Lasset euch versöhnen mit Gott!	0
The word derives from the Arabic word for ploughman or tiller.	0
She finished tenth in the final round at the 2008 Olympic Games.	0
The round of 64 is the first national round of the Algerian Cup.	0
In factories, blue often marks equipment to be repaired.	1
According to mathematicians, there are 177,147 ways to tie a tie.	1
Over 75% of the music Jack has released has appeared on an array of Billboard Charts.	1
He did basic training at Fort Dix and Fort Robinson as part of becoming an infantry rifleman.	0
In 1995, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International first reported on slavery in Sudan in the context of the Second Sudanese Civil War.	0
The scheme was supported by the Archbishop of Pisa, Francesco Salviati, who was also executed in his ceremonial robes.	0
The diet of a lemur consists mostly of fruit and leaves, and when possible, fruit from the Tamarind tree can make up approximately fifty percent of their yearly diet.	1
ARC developed synthesisable IP and licensed it to semiconductor companies.	0
Although only recently becoming a major phenomenon, Flappy Bird was first made and released in May, 2013!	1
It also provided the foundation of the Osiander Committee in 1951, responsible for the preparation and evaluation of the World Development Report.	0
According to a Swiss research study, during a full moon, you dream more.	1
Future Wilson County Schools in Mt.	0
The film was well received critically and won the Technical Prize at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.	0
With this in mind Lincoln appointed Salmon P. Chase as Secretary of the Treasury.	0
For BDS$10, a person can get a temporary yearly Barbados licence, these can be purchased from car rental agencies and Police Stations.	1
According to legend, when Microsoft released its browser Internet Explorer 4, some employees went over to Netscape HQ and placed a huge IE logo in their water fountain.	1
He replaced Curt Fraser, who had accepted an assistant coaching position with the Dallas Stars of the NHL.	0
Mu or MU may refer to:	0
In the past, the Altai has been crossed with Lithuanian, Russian, and Soviet Heavy Draft horses.	0
Twentynine Palms is a city in California, United States.	1
Not to let them dwell in the Land of Israel &mdash;	0
He didn't look like a fitness fanatic that would train in the rain.	0
The plurality (and near majority) of Icelanders express a belief in a "spirit or life force" rather than in God or a generalized disbelief.	0
The Legend of Zelda television show was a thirteen episode cartoon series from the 80’s, based on the first game.	1
In the last 30 years, 115,000 sq km of land has been covered in water and 173,000 sq km of water has now become land.	1
This causes the concentration of carbon dioxide in the blood stream to fall and produces a state known as hypocapnia.	0
Grand Cayman is about 22 miles long and 4 to 8 miles wide and pretty much at sea level.	1
64-bit operating systems require a different set of device drivers than those of 32-bit operating systems.	0
Telephone was written by Rodney Jerkins and Lady Gaga.	1
10 May 2004 to 2 November 2005 Carlos Gomes Júnior, Prime MinisterPAIGC1st Term	0
Abaca farming exceeded sugar cane cultivation in area but not in value.	0
About 500 gallons of blood need to pass through the udder to produce one gallon of milk.	0
70 m - height from water to upper platform	0
One or both knees deviate inward toward each other, with the lower leg angles out, resulting in a toed-out stance.	0
Six million people were left without power for nine hours, with significant economic loss.	0
Ephebiphobia is the fear of young people.	1
Noah Centineo says his idea of a dream date is anything as long as the conversation is flowing and both people can be comfortable around each other.	1
A three-day period of mourning followed, culminating with the rebirth of Attis on 25 March, the date of the vernal equinox on the Julian calendar.	0
Green Bank Interferometer, a radio telescope that used to exist at Green Bank, West Virginia (USA)	0
The Hungarians (Magyars) invaded Otto’s domain as part of the larger Hungarian invasions of Europe and ravaged much of Southern Germany during Liudolf’s civil war.	0
Selena has over one million subscribers on YouTube.	1
The 2002 World Cup, hosted by both South Korea &amp; Japan, was the first ever World Cup to be hosted by two different nations.	1
The longest place name in Ireland is called Sruffaunoughterluggatoora, located in Galway.	1
Won in 2008, 2009 and 2010.	0
During the storm, Ford narrowly avoided becoming a casualty himself.	0
The Monster in Frankenstein was never actually named, although the Monster itself proposed the name “Adam”.	1
Having an orgasm at least three times a week cuts in half the likelihood of death from coronary heart disease.	1
While writing the famous song, “Hallelujah“, Leonard Cohen originally wrote 80 verses for the song which he sometimes interchanges in and out depending on where he’s playing.	1
1014 December 1998Thailand 3-0Win1998 Asian Games	0
During the filming of Harry Potter, Emma and the other young actors had up to five hours of tutoring a day, where she received straight A’s.	1
Many butterfly species are polymorphic and have the ability to blend in with their surrounding environment.	1
Gyeongdong Market or Kyungdong Market, located in Dongdaemun District, Seoul, is one of the largest herbal medicine and ginseng markets of South Korea.	0
While releasing her first album, she was inspired by Rihanna’s single, ‘Rude Boy’.	1
Numerous hypotheses have been proposed for the causes of dancing mania, and it remains unclear whether it was a real illness or a social phenomenon.	0
In many countries, the eagle is thought to bring good luck, which is one reason it has been featured on various national flags.	1
Health problems also appear to be minimal, despite the wide range of climatic conditions in which they thrive.	0
In the episode “Stew-roids” Lois shows her lack of love towards her daughter Meg by packing her a lunch of food scraps and a picture of Lois eating a chicken leg.	1
Rossi also published a collection of Jewish liturgical music, השירים אשר לשלמה (Ha-shirim asher li-Shlomo, The Songs of Solomon) in 1623.	0
In 1561, religious troubles appeared at Carcassonne in the form of a Protestant crisis.	0
For hundreds of years, tradesmen and craftsmen have given the people work and bread.	0
However, they would fight in the same way as ordinary regiments.	0
Morgan Foster Larson, 40th governor of New Jersey	0
A definitive diagnosis is made by finding either the scabies mites or their eggs and fecal pellets.	0
The saga’s reviews mainly focus on its popularity than its literary prowess.	1
Berman is also sometimes associated with the "New Philosophers" movement in France.	0
Wessel lingered in a hospital until he died on 23 February.	0
Both children were delivered at home – the first one was even delivered outside!	1
As a gas or as a gaseous suspension, the paint is suspended in solid or liquid form in a gas that is sprayed on an object.	0
During the reign of the third Mughal Emperor, Akbar, Sambhal was a 'Sarkar' in the 'Subah' of Delhi and had a brick fort.	0
Phuket is known for its beaches, in particular Patong which is one of the biggest tourist attractions for the island, there are 36 beaches spanning the island in total.	1
Durham is a census-designated place (CDP) in Butte County, California, United States.	0
Amur leopards, also known as Far East leopards, Manchurian leopards or Korean leopards, are found in the Russian Far East.	1
Justin can speak French but when asked to sing a French song in an interview, he sang Frère Jacques – the nursery rhyme.	1
American guitarist Buckethead, famed for his work with Guns ‘n’ Roses, wore a KFC bucket on his head during performances with an orange label with the word ‘funeral’ written across it.	1
Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and have not rejoined since.	1
Pierre de Chevigné (16 June 1909, Toulon – 4 April 2004) was a French politician, who was the Minister of Defence in the Fourth Republic between 14 May and 1 June 1958.	0
Bishop Aloysius Joseph Willinger (1886–1973) Bishop of Monterey-Fresno, California, USA	0
Dartmouth’s unofficial mascot is a beer keg called “Keggy the Keg.” Created in 2003, it was initially controversial but is now part of the Dartmouth culture.	1
Ottawa-Macdonald-Cartier: Insight Media commissioned by the Canadian Airports Council (CAC), 2005.	0
Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.	1
Canadian beaver, a large semi-aquatic rodent	0
He is led to the ruins of the underground civilization by an insane Italian man who was a part of a NATO expedition to find the lost city, the third group to try (the first two groups perished and the rest of the third group either starved to death or killed each other).	0
His academic career started with short term work at the University of Greifswald, University of Kiel and University of Breslau In March 1914 he married Julia Heimann, with whom he had two sons, Heinz and Walter and a daughter, Bettina.	0
His first big acting project was in 2007 on a film called Stomp the Yard.	1
When Abraham Lincoln was US President, he had four pet cats which lived with him in the White House.	1
Both In the Forests and On the Hills were immensely popular.	0
James is a fan of Winnie The Pooh!	1
You are always able to see your nose, your brain just chooses to ignore it!	1
Expenses amounted to upward of $5,000,000, while receipts were scarcely one-tenth of that amount.	0
In 2006, the university conducted research once more on its internal structure and looked at making large changes including reorganisation of the humanities and education faculties and an increase of student places in the legal graduate school.	0
File:Constant Dutilleux - Effet de neige.jpg|Snow effect, Constant Dutilleux, 1865	0
According to legend, Lord Shiva is pleased by the difficult austerites performed by the goddess Parvati, grants her the left half of his body.	0
In his diaries form the years 1941 to 1946, Gelfand wrote of his relentless grapple with the hated military.	0
Theodore Roosevelt and CVW-8 aircraft conducted air strikes for two months over the skies of Kosovo against the Serbians.	0
Her full name is Whitney Elizabeth Houston, her middle name was also the name of her grandmother.	1
His grave is at the temple of Hokoku-ji in Kamakura.	0
On-campus housing facilities include 89 houses for teachers and University officers and 249 houses for junior staff of the University.	0
After a spree of summer signings left Edwards largely out of contention at his parent club, he joined Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers on 2 October 2008 on a three-month loan.	0
The wind would stop every time he entered a ship.	0
This included a visit to an Oxfordshire register office, showing an abnormally large number of birth registrations at Hill View at that time, apparently confirming its use as a maternity hospital.	0
Commuter rail generally uses upgraded existing freight rail lines, with stations every three to five miles (8 km).	0
Joo Won ( ; born Moon Jun-won, September 30, 1987) is a South Korean actor.	0
Salinger also composed original music for film and television.	0
The Upside-Down Jellyfish spends its life upside-down to other species of Jellyfish, because algae lives inside the jelly’s tissues allowing the jelly to take advantage of the process of Photosynthesis and feed off of the food the algae inside it produces.	1
Istanbul is the only city in the world that is located on 2 continents!	1
Caffeine consumption can cause a feeling of impending doom, especially for those people who are prone to anxiety.	1
Because females are dispersed with little overlap of different colonies, polygamy is rare among voles.	0
Barbados is the 16th most densely populated country with a population of around 285,000.	1
He finished the year ranked No.	0
Hence, it was the first battle that was fought between Pakistani mountaineering troops, paramilitary operatives and foreign fighters affiliated with al-Qaeda which led to start the War in North West-Pakistan.	0
1981 : Le Guépiot - dir.	0
The towers holding up the Humber suspension bridge in the UK lean out by 3.6cm to allow for the curvature of the earth.	1
It is estimated that it cost $500,000 dollars to carry out the 9/11 tragedy.	1
His army, along with the remaining Dúnedain, the Elves of Lindon, a company of hobbit archers, and elven forces set out from Rivendell led by Glorfindel, utterly defeated the forces of Angmar in the Battle of Fornost, but the Witch-king was not slain.	0
There are benefits of using the ICF for both the client and the health professional.	0
The team's fortunes did not improve after Heynckes' departure and the club was relegated at the end of the season, finishing last in the Bundesliga table.	0
This is a list of applications that use GTK+ and/or Clutter for their GUI widgets.	0
1 in 5 kidneys donated in the U.S. are thrown away because a suitable recipient can't be found.	1
The trio have stated that they played ukuleles before swapping to bass guitar, synthesizer and other instruments which feature on their tracks.	1
January 17th is known as “Ditch New Year’s Resolution Day”.	1
Armida placata by Luca Antonio Predieri (Vienna, 1750)	0
Louis does not like tattoos, but has some anyway!	1
The IPPC places emphasis on three core areas: international standard setting, information exchange and capacity development for the implementation of the IPPC and associated international phytosanitary standards.	0
The first taxi service began in New York in 1907	1
The two first kings of Italy are enshrined inside the Pantheon, Vittorio Emanuele II and Umberto I along with his wife Margherita.	1
One mistake and everyone judges you.	1
Before the tournament began, he discovered that Gigi had returned to her old job as a stewardess and gave him a lot of good fortune items from around the world.	0
Her single “Bodak yellow” was inspired by Kodak Black’s song “No Flockin’.” While some fans think Cardi B stole the song, Kodak has hinted on social media that he earns money from Cardi’s single.	1
Salcedillo is located in the Sierra de Cucalón area.	0
Hearths of Darkness: The Family in the American Horror Film.	0
According to popular legend, the hero known as Lann the Clever tricked the Casterlys into giving up the Rock, and took it for himself.	0
Some crows can use tools to get food.	1
Because Leland is taking an anger management class, he has to ask Monk and Natalie to follow Karen for him.	0
Steve Grainger - Baritone Saxophone, Tenor Saxophone	0
It Must Be Him (1967 with Gilbert Becaud)	0
"Quando mia cruda sorte" / Geruasio Melcarne	0
The main forms of public transport used in the borough are surface rail from its various regional railway stations and local buses.	0
England was the first country to provide regular public TV broadcasting in 1936.	1
The first letters of the months July through to November spell JASON	1
Conductive metal guy-wires longer than one-fifth of the wavelength of the radiated radio waves can act as a resonator, distorting the radiation pattern of the antenna.	0
A few Marwari families are also found in Kozhikode who were basically moneylenders.	0
The Moderates gathered 26.1 percent of the votes, a new record for the party which in the 2002 election had only managed to gather 15.2 percent of the votes.	0
The first ever Internet Service Provider (ISP) was a company named CompuServe.	1
He played 26 Premier League games for Forest, though played little part in the club's 1997–98 First Division promotion campaign.	0
5SOS originally formed on 3rd April 2011, however Ashton didn’t join until December 2011.	1
In summer 2014, Nash moved to Los Angeles, California,where he bought his first apartment with Cameron Dallas and hid photographer Bryant Eslava.	1
55 Days at Peking – Dimitri Tiomkin	0
Both Nicholas Cage and Michael Jackson shared the same wife, Elvis Presley’s daughter, Lisa Marie Presley.	1
3.6 July 1851: Bungonia and other finds, New South Wales	0
These were experimental pre-release of anticipated PAQ8.	0
She used to collect stuffed animals, hockey pucks, and Halloween masks.	1
A healthy person has 6,000 million, million, million haemoglobin molecules!	1
She hails from Chadwell Heath, London.	1
"Our Song" is a country music song with a length of three minutes and 24 seconds.	0
There is a 67% chance of conception per mating.	0
Another one of Jerry’s “mind blowers” tapes is labelled “Sleepy Gary,” referencing his affair with Beth’s imaginary parasite husband in Season 2’s Total Rickall.	1
Jim’s favourite character on The Big Bang Theory is Penny.	1
If you sleep for less than 4 hours, or more than 10 hours... You're at a higher risk for dying at an early age.	1
The Giant Pacific Octopus can squeeze its entire body through a hole the size of its beak	1
He chose not to move his family into Drumthwacket, the governor's official mansion, and instead resides in a private Mendham Township, New Jersey, residence.	0
Also sang on "Hatsukoi no Fumikiri"; "Bazooka Hō Hassha!"	0
When the decision is made to intervene action is taken to fix the target, confirming that the intervention will have a high probability of success and restricting the ability of the target to take independent action.	0
These issues are usually resolved within the episode, leaving Fry and Leela still together at the end.	0
In 1225 written records first mentioned the town, and in 1319 it became independent.	0
Parc National du Niokolo Koba PNNK) is a World Heritage Site and natural protected area in south eastern Senegal near the Guinea-Bissau border.	0
Such modern poles are almost always executed in traditional styles, although some artists have felt free to include modern subject matter or use nontraditional styles in their execution.	0
Nicolas Filleul de La Chesnaye, the King's almoner, wrote the text, sets and costumes were designed by Jacques Patin.	0
She was nominated for Best Supporting Actress in True Blood.	1
Also according to the family, the building has been claimed by the heiress who chose financial compensation rather than restitution in kind because it required to keep all tenants.	0
Although the coherence length in the a-b plane is 5 times greater than that along the c axis it is quite small compared to classic superconductors such as niobium (where ξ ≈ 40 nm).	0
A stage usually consists of different landscapes (small objects vs. large objects), and can also move at different speeds (slow vs fast).	0
It is the county seat of Benton County .	0
The dominance of the nomads ended in the 16th century as firearms allowed settled people to gain control of the region.	0
He never went to his school prom.	1
He was twice awarded the Bola de Ouro, the Brazilian Player of the year award whilst playing for Internacional in 1972 and 1976.	0
In classical Hindu mythology Shiva is the god of destruction, generally portrayed as a yogin who lives on Mount Kailasa in the Himalayas.	0
Matthias's commander, Sebastian Rozgonyi, defeated Jiskra's comrades in a battle at Sárospatak, but the invasion of Serbia by the Ottomans in April forced Matthias to conclude an armistice with the Czechs.	0
Critics and a majority of New Jerseyans, in opinion polls, said they believed the report was a " " and disagreed with many of its findings.	0
Her name ‘Selena’ means Moon in Greek.	1
Japan Open: 1st Technical Solo / 1st Free duet	0
Because purple dye was so difficult to obtain and expensive to produce, the color became the royal color in many parts of the world and is traditionally associated with royalty and power.	1
Medial longitudinal fasciculus, fibres in the brain stem	0
In the early 1860s, English settlers arrived, establishing themselves at Port Albert, on the Kaipara Coast about 10 kilometres west of Wellsford.	0
By 1650, 30 German cities had active gazettes.	0
Central Sixth delivers the college's A-Level programme covering some thirty different subject areas.	0
One of the main industrial enterprises, the Ulba Metal Works (UMW) which produced and still produce uranium products, was kept entirely secret despite it employing thousands of workers.	0
Your foot and your forearm are the same length	1
(née Noland), taught economics and government for over twenty years at Lee High School, while he attended Grissom High School.	0
After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.	1
The organisers of the event at the Furama Hotel said it was the first such public gathering organised solely by members of the public against the death penalty in Singapore.	0
Skunk cabbage flowers can heat themselves up to 15°C when the ambient temperature is -15°C.	1
The X Factor judges didn’t put Perrie through as a solo artist, but instead put her in a band called Faux Pas.	1
General John Kilpatrick, the Rangers' owner, thought about replacing Boucher, but he held off.	0
Throughout its 65 issues, AP went through several editors.	0
In turn, the nine (9) aesthetic nasal subunits are configured as six (6) aesthetic nasal segments; each segment comprehends a nasal area greater than that comprehended by a nasal subunit.	0
He also has a pet lizard called Rex.	1
19th Century: Wherry (1 mast), Schooner (two masts), Clipper (3 masts).	0
Despite the coaching change, team was still swept 3–0 by Zorg en Zekerheid Leiden in the DBL semifinals.	0
Genus: Verreauxia – African Piculet (sometimes included in Sasia)	0
Lift recognizes him as a suspect from a news broadcast about his ex-wife's disappearance.	0
It was bestowed with the name in use today - Ongjin - during the reign of King Taejo of Goryeo, the founder of the Goryeo Dynasty.	0
Klaatu admits he is responsible, reveals his true identity and asks for her help.	0
West Valley Community College provides college level education in the district whilst the Santa Clara County Library operates the Saratoga Library.	0
About 1.4% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.5% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.	0
Voyage is an online platform consisting of profiles of individuals with basic information about an accommodation or service which they provide.	0
If you wanted to dance after 1AM in Japan, you’d have broken a 1948 law strictly prohibiting it, however, in 2015, this law was revoked meaning you can now bust as many shapes as you want, at any time you like!	1
Another well-known track is album closer "Princess of the Dawn", a tense song that Udo describes as "a Cinderella story" and "like a Lord of the Rings fantasy" with no deep meaning.	0
Since the creation of Fox, the number of American television networks has grown, but the amount of programming they provide is often much less: for example, The CW Television Network only broadcasts for ten hours each week, leaving its affiliates free to broadcast a large amount of syndicated programming.	0
Sharm El Sheikh – Sharm El Sheikh International Airport	0
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!	1
His top speed is 1,132 mph (1,821 km/h).	0
Leather products like handbags or shoes can be polished with the inside of a banana skin, simply rub it on and wipe off with a rag.	1
Xanthostemon arenarius – Cape York Peninsula endemic, Australia	0
The American Indian Horse Registry, established in 1961, has created five categories in which to group the horse:	0
Nomination - Best New Actress - Han Ga-in	0
Nidoqueen evolves from Nidorina when exposed to a Moon Stone.	1
Other naturalists were left to assign binomial names to his new discoveries, some of these commemorate his name:	0
The pilots which graduating from the KE.A.T.	0
A board game was sent to space in 2007.	1
Regurgitation does not usually happen in the nest (as happens with toucans).	0
Protein will also fluorescence at approximately 353 nm when excited with 280 nm light.	0
On 17 June 1893 alluvial gold was found near Mount Charlotte, less than 25 miles (40 km) from Coolgardie, at what became the town of Hannan	1
The Dream Teams are only available when your team is ranked No.	0
Thus, A-30's ultimate western terminus is at the junction with A-40, providing access to Ottawa and eastern Ontario via Ontario Highway 417.	0
A Pterodactyl existed that was too large to fly, with a wingspan equating to that of a F16 Fighter jet, the creature had to find higher ground to launch itself and glide.	1
In accepting the conservation easement, the easement holder has a responsibility to monitor future uses of the land to ensure compliance with the terms of the easement and to enforce the terms if a violation occurs.	0
National Pigs-in-a-Blanket Day is celebrated on 24th April every year.	1
While driving, you kill roughly two insects every 6.2 miles.in the US, that's 32.5 trillion a year.	1
Freudenstadt – Dornstetten – Schopfloch (b Freudenstadt) – Hochdorf (b Horb) – Eutingen im Gäu – Herrenberg – Böblingen – Stuttgart120 minutes	0
Common techniques for doing so are to have different sections of a program use different name spaces, or to make individual variables "private" through either dynamic variable scoping or lexical variable scoping.	0
Les Misérables gave his publisher over half a million francs over six years.	1
The average shower temperature is 38C (101F)	1
Primary schools: Am Regenstein Primary School, Martin Luther School	0
A Mumbai thief was forced to consume 48 bananas by police after he was caught and swallowed a stolen chain.	1
As well as his famous brother, he has an older brother called Will and a sister called Skylynn who has featured in a few of his videos.	1
The turkey is eaten at Thanksgiving in the US and Canada.	1
Koskimaki, George E., Hell's Highway – A Chronicle Of The 101st Airborne In The Holland Campaign, September–November 1944, Presidio Press, 2007	0
"Subject: NYC - silicon ALLEY" shows up in an internet post by Jason Denmark on February 16, 1995.	0
Schopenhauer noted that Kant was concerned with the analysis of abstract concepts, rather than with perceived objects.	0
Walker received the Distinguished Service Order and several of the other crew members also received medals.	0
The Battle of Demetrias was a sea engagement fought at Demetrias in Greece in the early 1270s between a Byzantine fleet and the assembled forces of the Latin barons of Euboea (Negroponte) and Crete.	0
When police investigation is completed, police must refer the matter, including the evidentiary data, immediately to a public prosecutor.	0
A large scale use of cold water fog is the Blur Building (2002), an exhibition pavilion built for Swiss Expo.02 on Lake Neuchatel by architects Diller Scofidio + Renfro.	0
1997Image AwardOutstanding Actress in a Motion PictureSet It Off	0
Gradually the peasant movement intensified and spread across the rest of India.	0
He is a good basketball player and enjoys the sport.	1
Also in this episode Rick refers to Snuffles as “Ruffles,” which is the name of the human pet that the dog family in DogWorld.	1
Chamber Music (two one-act plays) (1994)	0
From 1939 to 1945 this person was Karl Hermann Frank the senior SS and Police Leader in the Protectorate.	0
It is located in the middle of the Aix-Marseille-Salon region and surrounded by greenery and hills of vines.	0
Hong Kong literature reflects the area's unique history during the 20th century as a fusion of British colonial, Chinese, and sea-trading culture.	0
Shortly after the filming of the Dothraki wedding was completed, Malta was hit by one of the worst storms in their history, causing many of the props to be lost at sea!	1
He goes on further to state:	0
For example, a name change in the customer system may cause a message to be published on the ESB for use by a number of systems un-known to the Publisher, but managed by the ESB.	0
Retinol enters the absorptive cells of the small intestine, preferentially in the all-trans-retinol form.	0
Vietto was unaware of this, and continued.	0
She graduated from Yıldız Technical University and Istanbul University and graduated from Management faculty of İstanbul University in 1975.	0
Daniels also praised the song for being a stand out track.	0
Chemical Composition of the Earth mainly consists of 34.6% Iron, 29.5% Oxygen, 15.2% Silicon, 12.7% Magnesium, 2.4% Nickel, 1.9% Sulphur, and 0.05% Titanium!	1
The 2016 games saw Rugby on the cards for the first time since 1924.	1
He also promised that international monitors would be included to ensure fair elections.	0
Proto-Hungarian likely had contacts with the Permic languages at this time, as indicated by a nontrivial number of shared vocabulary and sound developments (which are not found in the other Uralic languages).	0
The republic only existed a month before it disbanded itself, to join the advancing American army and therefore became part of the United States.	0
Most parrots are known for being extremely intelligent – one species in particular, the Goffin cockatoo, and solve complex mechanical puzzles.	1
(murtur) The island contains one of the lighthouses used to guide ships into the ports of Veracruz and Boca del Rio.	0
In 20015, Steven graduated from Kalamazoo College with a Bachelor degree in psychology.	1
For these reasons it may be necessary to perform DNA analysis to determine positively whether a scat is that of a cougar or another animal.	0
Sherman was an only child, born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Russian immigrants Joseph T. Sherman, an attorney, Julia Sherman (née Shapiro).	0
The West Coast Eagles have been owned in full by the West Australian Football Commission (WAFC) since 1989.	0
Her first major leading role was in Cyborg 2 in 1993.	1
This led to a popular regular Harper's column, "The Easy Chair," which DeVoto wrote from 1935 until his death.	0
She is set to star in Left to Tell, a biopic about the Rwandan Genocide.	1
From 1968, East and West Germany competed separately, but West Germany failed to qualify for the 1968 games, losing against the United Arab Emirates in qualification.	0
By the 2nd century BC, several large but loosely administered Berber kingdoms had emerged.	0
The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.	1
They decided to marry before the unit left Boston despite their parents' misgivings.	0
There were two official scenarios available for download from Atari's website, Fort Anachronism and Alton Towers.	0
Squibs (“Non magic folk” who are born from magic parents) also cannot see them, however, they are aware of their existence.	1
The Dole Plantation’s Pineapple Garden Maze in Hawaii has the record for the largest maze in the world, stretching over three acres!	1
Singing exercises your heart, lungs and relaxes endorphins, making you feel good!	1
1851: According to the census, Edinburgh and Leith's population is 191,303; the British Linen Bank head office opens on St. Andrew Square	0
Jaroszewo Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	0
Their beaks and feathers are made of a tough substance called keratin.	1
Applying the principles of stewardship, ARIN, a nonprofit corporation, allocates Internet Protocol resources; develops consensus-based policies; and facilitates the advancement of the Internet through information and educational outreach.	0
Every second around 100 lightning bolts strike the Earth.	1
He is best known for the role of Harrison Davies, the brother of the main character Tru Davies (played by Eliza Dushku) on the Fox television series, Tru Calling.	0
He likes girls with brown eyes.	1
To appear in this section a player must have either:	0
NameThai NameAlternate spellingsProvinceIsland Chain, Group, ArchipelagoCoordinates	0
December 24 – Davies Gilbert (born 1767), English promoter of science.	0
As retinal nerve cells aren’t fully established, the common new-born baby only sees in grey, black and white and is unable to focus on close items for the first month or so.	1
HSV then began to see some success in the Bundesliga and managed to maintain their status for years to come.	0
The Journal was founded in 1903 by three local businessmen &mdash; John Macpherson, Arthur Moore and J.W.	0
Many cat owners take their pets to the vet to be neutered, and by doing so, increase the life expectancy of their pets by 2-3 years.	1
I Tell Stories Sad And True, I Sing The Blues And Play Harmonica Too, It Is Very Funky United Artists #UAS-6823 (1972)	0
Labour's position on the matter was seen as indecisive—the party was condemned by many workers for giving them insufficient support but at the same time was condemned by the business community for being "soft" on the communist-influenced unions.	0
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,746 people, 1,178 households, and 726 families residing in the village.	0
The cover of the Pin Ups album featured Bowie, with model Twiggy.	1
While 4,083 or 8.35% are urban inhabitants, a further 30,394 or 62.18% are pastoralists.	0
Conran's first professional work came when he worked in the Festival of Britain on the main South Bank site.	0
She took part in Disney Channel’s Earth Day celebration.	1
"Harmony", high-speed rail service operated by China Railways.	0
This method of cooling can remove large amounts of heat from the milk in a very short time, thus drastically slowing bacteria growth and thereby improving milk quality.	0
Bus ads containing Catwoman promoting the Batman Returns blockbuster were actually stolen to such a degree, that security teams were dispatched to ensure they stayed in their correct locations.	1
You CAN eat fish or other cold-blooded animals, which is why you see fast-food restaurants have sales for their fish sandwiches during Lent.	1
American's eat 18 billion hot dogs a year	1
Influenced by his wife, Livia Drusilla, Augustus appointed Tiberius, her son from another marriage, as his heir.	0
The Scottsboro Boys – John Kander and Fred Ebb (music & lyrics)	0
Luke follows the Sydney Swans in AFL.	1
Uusimaa/Nyland was, along with the rest of Southern and Western Finland, held by the Kingdom of Sweden from the 12th or 13th century.	0
Her second single was released on 24th April 2012 and was titled, “Who I Wanna Be”.	1
A lazy Bluto couldn't care less about protocol for handling waste at sea, laughing as he directly dumps trash off the stern of his boat.	0
Kessel also played with Sonny Rollins in the late 1950s and can be heard on the Sonny Rollins and the Contemporary Leaders album on songs like "How High the Moon".	0
Flavor quantum numbers (isospin (I 3 ), charm (C), strangeness (S, not to be confused with spin), topness (T), and bottomness (B′)) are assigned to certain quark flavors, and denote qualities of quark-based systems and hadrons.	0
His ideal date would be taking ‘her’ to an Italian restaurant, followed by a walk on the beach and watching the sunset.	1
An elephant fills its trunk with up to 5 quarts of water and then empties it into its mouth in order to drink.	1
Trees do not have life expectancies (most can grown indefinitely)	1
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.	0
Over the course of her life, a female tiger will give birth to an approximately equal number of male and female cubs!	1
If done daily, a wart can be removed in about 2 weeks by running the inner side of banana peel onto the infected area.	1
1st – TTR Ranking – 09/10 Men's TTR Tour Champion (Ticket to Ride (World Snowboard Tour))	0
Many cows produce in excess of 40 litres per day and 300 day lactations over 10,000 litres are not uncommon.	1
Demmel filled in, as is credited in the liner notes to "Hellalive" and he later joined the band as permanent lead guitarist.	0
Even at only 10 parts of gold per quadrillion, the world's oceans are estimated to hold up to 16,534 tons (15,000 tonnes) of gold.	1
However, observations of cougars, particularly those close to areas of human use or residence, should be reported.	0
He also won the 200 in 1985.	0
He believes in no sex before marriage.	1
Lyne Clevers as La poissonnière/The Fish-Wife (as Lynne Clevers)	0
The Russian Mafia shows up and takes however many cows you have.	1
Zazie (born Isabelle Marie Anne de Truchis de Varennes, 18 April 1964) is a French singer, songwriter, and former fashion model.	0
If you’re ‘Brown Bagging’, it means you’ve brought a homemade lunch to work.	1
These chips caused a renaissance of custom circuit design within the microprocessor design community.	0
Gandalf’s name translates from old Mannish into “Elf of the Wand,” referring to the cane he always walked with.	1
Leopards cross between Russia, China, and North Korea across the Tumen River despite a high and long wire fence marking the boundary.	1
Anticapitalist Left Cooperation for the Overthrow (ANTARSYA)	0
The later Herodian rulers Agrippa I and Agrippa II both had Hasmonean blood, as Agrippa I's father was Aristobulus IV, son of Herod by Mariamne I, but they were not direct male descendants, unless Herod was understood as a Hasmonean as per the following synthesis:	0
In 1873, the Imperial government enacted the conscription law and established the Imperial Japanese Army.	0
Zabihi-Moghaddam, who originally was arrested in November 1997, was released in June 2002.	0
His house is in fact a pineapple.	1
After the destruction of Daksha's sacrifice, the defeated gods sought Brahma and asked his counsel.	0
Its seat is located in Yangshuo Town.	0
Mercury is the only metal that is liquid at room temperature	1
She was worked in the studio with artist Cee-Lo Green.	1
In the Western world, Saturday morning television is often orientated towards a viewership of children, whilst in the evening it is often aimed at a viewership of families.	1
Henry Moore Foundation, Much Hadham – sculpture park on the work of Henry Moore	0
At the time of her commissioning in 1959, Triton was the largest, most powerful, and most expensive submarine ever built, at $109 million excluding the cost of nuclear fuel and reactors ($ in present-day terms ).	0
The main theme of his works in the 1920s was the Russian Civil War.	0
Second of all, the name isn't hard to explain.	0
Joseph Smith received a revelation from God that the Garden of Eden’s original location is in Jackson County, Missouri.	1
appearance in public bookstores in the 1970s opened the way to the	0
Javert's struggle to accept the ways that the laws he spent his life upholding might be unjust is what leads to his eventual suicide.	0
On 29th March 2004, The Republic of Ireland became the first country in the world to ban smoking in all work places, including bars and restaurants.	1
David Haye, WBA champion, moved to Beckenham in 2010.	0
The riverboat companies that operate in the Three Gorges are experiencing a boom in demand for river cruises.	0
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.	0
An olive branch wreath was given to winners of the Ancient Olympics events.	1
5April 9@ White Sox4–3 (11)Duensing (1–0)Pena (0–1)Rauch (3)21,4164–1	0
Simon’s full name is Simon Maxwell Helberg.	1
Your brain uses around 20% of the total oxygen and blood in your body.	1
There is a rabbit hidden within every Playboy magazine cover.	1
From Global Semiotics to Semioethics, a Dialogic Response.	0
In 2001, alongside the likes of Michael Jackson and Aerosmith, Queen we’re inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame.	1
Chuck Norris’ first name is actually Carlos.	1
Habsburg – Este Dukes of Modena and Reggio, post monarchy	0
Calum writes the most 5SOS songs out of the boys.	1
In the film Interstellar, director Christopher Nolan planted 500 acres of corn as he didn’t want to use CGI.	1
Not only is Australia the flattest continent on earth, but it’s also the largest island on earth.	1
Matthew Prior - Poems on Several Occasions	0
The poem appears at the Baseball Almanac.	0
Track Listing for the First Release on CD	0
Geraardsbergen and possibly the Muur will be in a stage for the next five years.	0
The Rush–Bagot Treaty was a treaty between the United States and Britain enacted in 1817 that provided for the demilitarization of the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain, where many British naval arrangements and forts still remained.	0
For natural highlights in your hair, apply lemon juice daily, for a week.	1
One of the early uses of the 8080 was made in the late 1970s by Cubic-Western Data of San Diego, CA in its Automated Fare Collection Systems custom designed for mass transit systems around the world.	0
However, some tournament formats of games featuring blinds impose an ante to discourage extremely tight play.	0
Goals: Steve Larouche (1993-94: 16), Stan Drulia & Steve Larouche (16)	0
She is married to writer Winston Rauch, whom she met in college, and together they have collaborated on a few projects.	1
The Soviets allowed for safe passage of Mustafa Barzani and his followers into the Soviet Union following the fall of Mahabad.	0
Chevy Chase's real first name is Cornelius	1
"I&apos;ve Seen It All" performed by Björk - Dancer in the Dark	0
All stations in South Korea will have platform screen doors by 2018.	0
File formats: JPG for photos, MOV for Movies, WAV for sound recordings.	0
Around 2000 different types of plants are used by humans to make food!	1
He was born in Marksville, Louisiana.	1
His off-Broadway debut was Dealer’s Choice, where he was a gambler.	1
The per capita income for the city was $8,358.	0
2005: All That (Season 10, Episode 7: American Hi-Fi)	0
The parish of Corvo was created in 1674: its first pastor was the Faialense Bartolomeu Tristão.	0
One of the most significant differences between the adversarial system and the inquisitorial system occurs when a criminal defendant admits to the crime.	0
Málaga Spanish Film Festival, Málaga, Spain: Silver Biznaga; Best Latin American Actor, Luis Luque; 2006.	0
Los Angeles Times, December 1, 1985.	0
Leander s next commander, from August 1815, was Captain William Skipsey.	0
Deep sea shipping, intercontinental shipping or ocean shipping refers to maritime traffic that crosses oceans.	0
In Bingo, ball number 29 is called In Your Prime.	1
Sale contribution in The American Conservative magazine to the topic , August 28, 2006.	0
Growing up, Mars said he was heavily influenced by Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley, and even had the nickname of “Little Elvis”.	1
Microsoft offer a version of windows called ‘Welsh Windows’ recognising Welsh as the most popular of the Celtic languages and its linguistic diversity.	1
The cow’s milk is stored in the bulk tank where it is kept cool and fresh.	0
Pascale de Boysson, Dirk Kinnane and Bibi Hure were also in the cast.	0
The two are later shown to have joined forces, but are seen stabbed to death next to a life preserver.	0
Over the years, dingoes have bred with other dogs, so many animal experts and historians doubt the existence of truly “pure” dingoes in modern Australia.	1
Yū Asakawa (悠), a Japanese voice actress	0
While Ulala is distracted by a fake scoop, the headquarters are attacked and Space Michael is kidnapped by Purge and the Rhythm Rogues and has to be rescued by Ulala in a level featuring several of Jackson's trademark dance moves.	0
Nearly eight hundred people were detained and then sent to Rafah detention camp.	0
German artillery from both Сorps and the 18th Artillery Division began saturating the narrow salient, dubbed the Koltiv Corridor.	0
During a father-son competition, Peter had penis envy over his son Chris.	1
The remaining are not considered valid subspecies.	0
Post-production for his vlogs takes 2-7 hours on average.	1
However, Nigerien government officials rejected the demand, citing the country's policy of not extraditing anyone who could face capital punishment.	0
Mangrove horseshoe crabs in Singapore breed from August to April.	0
John Rabe (released in the United Kingdom as City of War: The Story of John Rabe) is a 2009 German-Chinese-French biopictorial film directed by Florian Gallenberger and starring Ulrich Tukur, Daniel Brühl and Steve Buscemi.	0
The Holy Cross System is the second-largest of the four systems, and Holy Cross High School is the only diocesan high school operating a capacity.	0
Initially Turner and Rabb are shown as friends, although Turner does seem to have difficulty fitting into the JAG culture.	0
Feliciano's remake blended Latin influences, including a mixture of classic Spanish guitar, flute and flamenco, with American pop.	0
Reading aloud and talking often to a young child promotes brain development.	1
Each "hoshana" is done in honor of a patriarch.	0
Liverpool 8 is the 14th studio album by Ringo Starr.	0
Creator Matt Groening named Homer after his own father, Homer Groening.	1
The RFO performs under the aegis of the Muziekcentrum van de Omroep (Broadcasting Music Centre; NMBC), an umbrella organization bringing together the music departments of the various broadcasting associations affiliated to Nederlandse Publieke Omroep (Dutch Public Broadcasting).	0
The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.	1
Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.	1
Edward Kernan, a Roman Catholic bishop	0
While most of the English army was on foot, around 1/4th of the Norman army was on horses which gave them a huge advantage.	1
Napoleon always had chocolate with him; he ate it as whenever he needed an energy boost.	1
Her dad is Frank Gomez and her mum is Alejandra Gomez.	1
Tristan is a massive fan of Blink 182 and Linkin Park – he has good taste!	1
I understand the need for a lot of changes in the country, but I believe that as soon as everybody can just see a little bit better, and get a little hipper to what's going on, they're going to change it.	0
Jesse O. Sanderson High School, Raleigh, North Carolina USA	0
In Spanish, Las Vegas translates to mean ‘the meadows’.	1
Melvin Stewart, former world record-holder who won two Olympic gold medals and one bronze	0
1961 Sings the Movies (Gidget Goes Hawaiian)	0
He recorded his lines at the Village Recorder in West Los Angeles.	0
After the release of the 1996 film “Scream”, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.	1
Michel Berger (Le coeur brisé) (1973)	0
Louis sometimes sleepwalks and he once tried to get into Niall’s bed with him!	1
Nicholas Spencer, acting governor of Virginia, co-patentee of Mount Vernon estate	0
1st Stage 1 Euskal Bizikleta, Pedro Horrillo	0
In Argentina its exploitation is limited by the presence of the best forests within national parks.	0
The land was plowed by teams of oxen pulling light unwheeled plows and grain was harvested with sickle.	0
Two days later Prescott returned to Amantea with a detachment of marines from , destroyed several vessels, and captured a gun under a heavy fire of musketry, and having only three men wounded.	0
Ferry service was assumed by the city's Department of Docks and Ferries in 1905.	0
He also directs the fight of self-defense in Baku.	0
Mageirocophobia is the intense fear of having to cook!	1
Géza also arranged the marriage of his son and heir Stephen to Henry IV's sister Giselle.	0
Finally, the champion is a balanced all rounder with multiple air strike attacks.	0
A typical microwave oven uses more electricity keeping its digital clock on standby than it does heating food.	1
Professionals over 40 are the biggest demographic to suffer more stress on a Monday.	1
By early 1984 dBASE II reportedly had 70% of the microcomputer-database market, with more than 150,000 copies sold.	0
Children are said to be free of sin and incapable of sinning until the age of 8, which then they become accountable for their actions.	1
This theory is questioned on several grounds.	0
The following monetary values are given in United States dollars.	0
Cryptography is used in information security to protect information from unauthorized or accidental disclosure while the information is in transit (either electronically or physically) and while information is in storage.	0
The Malinas score is an evaluation that allows to determine whether a pregnant woman is about to give birth.	0
The books are noted for its BDSM themes (bondage/discipline, dominance/submission, and sadism/masochism).	1
In Jordan many drive-through coffee shops call it boiled coffee (qahwa ghali, ) as opposed to the other kind of coffee that is pre-boiled in a big container and continuously heated which is called poured coffee (qahwa sabb, ).	0
His favourite novel-to-screen adaptations are Stand By Me, The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist.	1
This range also includes the Tour Prepared Technology, reducing vibrations and giving the best sensations.	0
Jacob has two cats called Godzilla and Josie.	1
Tomasi di Lampedusa was often the guest of his cousin, the poet Lucio Piccolo, with whom he travelled in 1954 to San Pellegrino Terme to attend a literary awards ceremony, where he met, among others, Eugenio Montale and Maria Bellonci.	0
In her own right, Madame was wealthy by virtue of her very well connected family.	0
James J. Wilson (1775–1824), US Senator from New Jersey	0
plushasia.comDesigned by Tobias Wong, these pill cases are part of a total luxury line by Citizen Citizen.	0
Ezzo was a prince of a considerable influence as a great leader of the opposition against Henry II.	0
The valley of Yosemite has been inhabited for almost 3,000 years.	1
The group’s concentration on nature was often manifested in their preference for still-lifes, such as Lasne’s Still-life (1939; Paris, Pompidou).	0
Ziatdinov, R., Yoshida, N., Kim, T., 2012.	0
They are elusive, secretive animals rarely seen in the wild.	0
Beginning in the early 1980s, the owners began hosting dance nights.	0
He was also the father of Dai-no-kata, the mother of shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu.	0
George owns three pet hamsters called Steven, Gloria and Oliver.	1
His album Believe sold a total of 521,000 digital units in its first week.	1
Many Sonderkommando committed suicide due to the horrors of their work; those who did not generally were shot by the SS in a matter of weeks, and new Sonderkommando units were then formed from incoming transports.	0
Madelyne Pryor's character was alluded to in the X-Men animated television series.	0
PBB does not specify how B-MAC addresses are learned and PBB may use Spanning tree to control the B-VLAN.	0
It was certified double platinum for sales of over 80,000 copies and spent more weeks on the chart than any other Idol contestant album.	0
Ultimately the rebel provinces allied and overthrew the shogunate in the Boshin War and the subsequent Meiji Restoration.	0
Produced by Gainax and directed by Shouji Saeki, the anime series premiered on TV Tokyo on April 4, 2012, and ran for 12 episodes.	0
Over 50 women were elected for president or prime minister in modern history.	1
In the Episode “Call Girl”, Lois gets a job as a phone sex operator.	1
Overall, he worked as a journalist for a total of over 20 years.	0
Its sources are situated in the Ambohitra Massif and flows into the Indian Ocean.	0
In Table 5, the approximately $85 billion fine chemical market is subdivided into major applications according to their relevance, namely, fine chemicals for pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals and specialty chemicals outside life sciences.	0
Her epithet is Welsh for '(of the) three breasts'.	0
On November 29, 2004, Castro entered a no-contest plea to one charge of indecent assault, a second-degree misdemeanor, as part of a plea bargain which involved all other charges being dropped.	0
The only jurisdiction that can try the President and his Ministers in cases involving high treason (which includes in its definition human rights violations, embezzlement, corruption, extortion and traffic in drugs), the only crime for which a President can be judged while in his functions.	0
This is the same within several other languages, including the Old High German Frīatag and Modern German Frietag, as well as Vrijdag in Dutch.	1
Clefairy was originally going to be the mascot of Pokémon instead of Pikachu.	1
This scenario has had the opportunity to receive all kinds of sporting and cultural events: intercollegiate competitions, national games, the folk festival, among others.	0
Osorio apparently accepted the position with reluctance.	0
With the establishment of the Regionalliga Bayern as the new fourth tier in Bavaria in 2012 the Bayernliga was split into a northern and a southern division, the number of Landesligas expanded from three to five and the Bezirksoberligas abolished.	0
However, the confusion of numerous, poorly charted small islands in the Leeward Island chain, meant that the name ended up being accidentally transferred to another island, the one which we now know as the French/Dutch island Saint-Martin/Sint Maarten.	0
); however, they are highly vulnerable to ultraviolet radiation.	0
The PRC considers Lee a Taiwan independence agitator.	0
The band toured Italy, and then toured the European festival circuit throughout most of the summer, including a large outdoor show with the Foo Fighters in Belfast Boucher playing fields, and another engagement at the Reading and Leeds festival, where the band would destroy the instruments and stage set at the climax of the Reading show.	0
The album featured a number of vocalists including Debbie Harry of Blondie, Johnette Napolitano of Concrete Blonde, Andy Partridge of XTC, Gordon Gano of Violent Femmes, Michael Hutchence of INXS, Ed Kowalczyk of Live, Shaun Ryder of Happy Mondays, Richard Hell, and Maria McKee.	0
Upon it the local tribes swore allegiance to Isildur, but proved treacherous and became the Dead Men of Dunharrow.	0
In Japanese legend, it is said that anyone who folds 1,000 origami cranes will be granted a wish by the gods.	1
Originally, the band name was called Rhythmix, but this had to be changed there was a dispute with a children’s music charity, which had the same name.	1
Walther, Ingo F. and Norbert Wolf.	0
Fred and Wilma Flinstone were the first TV couple to sleep in the same bed!	1
Lemon trees can produce up to 600 pounds in a year and can grow up to 20 feet tall.	1
Clipeus virtutis, Latin for 'shield of bravery' was an ancient Roman award for a soldier who had saved the life of a comrade in battle.	0
In the 1970s, fuel and transportation costs were at an all-time high in constant dollar terms.	0
The trilogy are written in the style of plays, which comes from Collins’ screenwriting background.	1
Forst is connected to the public transportation grid via Bus Line 51 Thun-Forst-Blumenstein of Verkehrsbetriebe STI.	0
He was interred at Forest Lawn Cemetery, in Burbank, CA.	0
He is one of only three characters who can use a similar sort of aerial combat to Maki.	0
Cheryl Dumesnil, an American poet and editor	0
Andrew Lincoln was born Andrew James Clutterbuck.	1
Scientists believe that gold can be found on Mars, Mercury, and Venus.	1
As another year begins, the romantic subplots further solidify when Yūhei expresses an interest in Aoba.	0
The first male animal cloned from adult cells was announced in 1999.	0
Ann O'Dell - string arrangement (10)	0
The band have toured with Sam Smith, the winner of the BBC Sound of 2014 award.	1
He is the founder and director of the Orquesta de Cámara de Guitarras de Madrid and has been artistic director at international guitar festivals in Alsace, Lambesc and Beauvezer (France), Festival Iberoamericano de Guitarra of Maroc (Instituto Cervantes) and Posadas (Argentina) Internationals Guitar Festivals.	0
Engen possesses a renovated Old town.	0
Jake Fox hit a solo homer in the top of the 10th for the game winner.	0
It takes 10 months for a joey to become mature and leave its mothers pouch.	1
He was archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.	0
Between the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy and the Ottoman Turkey after the Battle of Saint Gotthard; lasted until 1683.	0
Using experienced professional disc jockeys can avoid mistakes often made by younger or less-experienced talent.	0
Members of this family appear for the first time on the consular Fasti in BC 263, and for the last in AD 506; and, during this period of nearly eight centuries, they held twenty-two consulships and three censorships.	0
Non-Arab expatriates make up the majority of Qatar's population.	0
Stone, Stanley Shapiro and Maurice Richlin	0
National Front can refer to the following political parties and coalitions:	0
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport located in Ahmedabad is 18 km away from gandhinagar and provides connectivity with domestic flights to the Metropolitans and other major cities of India.	0
Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while playing games.	1
Her father also gave her the Book of the Sun House of Tresum.	0
The ring Ben Affleck gave to Jennifer Lopez was worth $1.2 million.	1
Headlined by Cyndi Lauper, the tour also included Debbie Harry, Erasure, The Gossip, Rufus Wainwright, The Dresden Dolls, The MisShapes, Rosie O&apos;Donnell, Indigo Girls, The Cliks and other special guests.	0
Sky Movies viewers voted her the number one star that men would kiss under the mistletoe.	1
The castle has been used as a filming location in several productions, including Franco Zeffirelli's Hamlet (1990), Bob Carruthers 1996 film The Bruce, a BBC/A&E television miniseries of Ivanhoe (1997), and the science-fiction film Doomsday (2008).	0
Praevalitana (also Prevalitana, Prevaliana, Praevaliana or Prevalis) was an ancient Roman province.	0
A real Death Star would cost$852,000,000,000,000,000 (£564 quadrillion) to build.	1
The first issue of volume two of Love and Rockets featured a cover with a range of different Maggie ages/looks.	0
Michael’s favourite movie is Forest Gump.	1
Chapman is found dead after being tortured and covered with cigarette burns.	0
Paul Rogers joined Queen as a lead singer replacement in 2005 in the “Queen + Paul Rodgers” tour.	1
The population density was 98 people per square mile (38/km²).	0
During the Renaissance, ladies used the juice of a lemon to redden their lips.	1
Harry Houdini could pick up pins with his eyelashes and thread a needle with his toes.	1
Population density is 3,508.2 /km² and the area is 70 km² (27 sq mi).	0
There is also Saqr and Abdullah Otaif, both are in the U-19 Al-Shabab and U-16 Al-Shabab team.	0
It is located in Callao, 11 kilometers (7 mi) from the Historic Centre of Lima and 17 km (11 mi) from Miraflores.	0
Cows can sleep standing up, but they can only dream lying down.	1
Subsequently Fucile continued to appear regularly for Porto, on both sides of the back four, adding a further two leagues to his honours while contributing with 38 matches combined.	0
The enzyme sulfite oxidase is needed for the metabolism of methionine and cysteine in humans and animals.	0
Sørensen went on to become league top goalscorer with 16 goals, While at B 93, He was top goalscorer with 16 goals in the 1948-49 1st Division season, before moving abroad to play professionally.	0
Male cats are called toms and females are called queens or mollies.	1
Kelal u-Peraṭ: The general and the particular.	0
The tail is used as a rudder for steering whilst chasing.	1
Prestes went on to lead the pro-Soviet faction of the party known as the Brazilian Communist Party (or PCB) while the Maoists formed the Communist Party of Brazil (or PCdoB).	0
This implies that the wings and tail were used for lift generation, however, it is unclear whether Archaeopteryx was simply a glider, or capable of flapping flight.	0
The trains are primarily used between Odense and Svendborg and between Odense and Fredericia.	0
Others were condemned to roam around begging.	0
Image:Hiyoshi-taisha nishihongu2.jpg|The typical shape of the back of a Hiyoshi-zukuri roof	0
Catherine Delaunay played with Daniel Goyone, Claude Tchamitchian, Serge Lazarevitch, Lucia Reccio, Denis Chancerel, Philippe Botta, Archimusic, Dave Burrell, Takayuki Kato, Nobuyoshi Ino, Yuri Kusetsov, Vladimir Volkoff, Bruno Tocanne...	0
Fishes were there even before the dinosaurs!	1
The first category of sinks can be based upon traditional components such as message-oriented middleware while the second category of sinks (self-contained online reaction) might require a more appropriate .	0
A note in the Revue et Gazette musicale of March 4, 1838, shows that Thalberg's fame had in the meanwhile grown.	0
The lie detector was invented in 1921	1
The average soccer ball is made up of 32 leather panels and held together by 642 stitches	1
:20:07.52 Min., 23 June 1990 in Rostock	0
1987Swathi ThirunalMalayalamSong: Moksha Mukalada Winner, Kerala State Film Award for Best Singer	0
The Joyeuse marche is dedicated to Vincent d&apos;Indy.	0
Rock N Roll Jesus included Dan Dugmore, The Frisk Jubilee Singers and Paul Franklin.	0
Noreen Culhane (New York Rose 1970) now Executive Vice-President of the New York Stock Exchange.	0
Jim was born and raised in Houston, Texas.	1
GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; SOL = Shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average	0
Mosquitoes prefer children to adults and blondes to brunettes	1
The 5SOS boys say that Calum has the best body in the band.	1
Sprite was manufactured as Coca-Cola’s response to the popularity of 7-Up.	1
This is an online version of the article in	0
The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.	1
D Released exclusively to independent stores in United States	0
Adon was included in the UGO.com's list of top 50 Street Fighter characters.	0
Ma Liangchun and Li Futian, Encyclopedia of Chinese Literature, vol.	0
In the US, people can be rejected from joining the police force if they are too intelligent.	1
Grant Long - Former professional basketball player, nephew of John Long (Detroit Pistons)	0
3.6 July 1851: Bungonia and other finds, New South Wales	0
The Blue Baron, by then a general, visits Klink in "Will the Blue Baron Strike Again?"	0
The American Scotch Highland Breeder's Association was founded in South Dakota in 1948.What are they used for?Highland cattle are recognized today as a beef producing breed.	0
About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.	1
His poems generally reflect a sense of severe decline, which possibly means that Vaughan lamented the effects of the war on the monarchy and society.	0
He was engaged to Gwyneth Paltrow, whom he met on the set of Se7en.	1
Super Eurobeat Presents Euro Every Little Thing	0
Irina Lobacheva / Ilia Averbukh 7.03334	0
Annie Mac, an Irish DJ, used their song “Shine” as the Hottest Record in the World on her radio show in 2015.	1
She is afraid of the dark.	1
A collection of four offices – Nativity, Annunciation, Assumption, and Purification — composed by him, both notation and text, is preserved in the library of Lincoln Cathedral (15, fols.	0
The allegory of this book has antecedents in a large number of Christian devotional works that speak of the soul's path to Heaven, from the Lyke-Wake Dirge forward.	0
Cows must be milked 2 times per day, every day of the week.	1
Lowe subsequently decided to make a detour to Fort Corcoran, reaching it on July 27.	0
• It was Fibak's 1st and only career Grand Slam doubles title.	0
The original Pokémon mascot was going to be Clefairy, however Pikachu quickly became more popular.	1
Since this affects both the clock speed and Roger's animations and movement, setting a slower or faster speed will not inherently make the game any easier, aside from player comfort.	0
People tend to be more emotionally open and confess things during late night conversations via text message.	1
The Martian day is 24 hours 39 minutes and 35 seconds.	1
Eiholzer stressed the importance of safely handling calves in her presentation.	0
The SFBO toured with the SF Ballet’s touring company from 1978 until 1984.	0
Michael’s Instagram name is michaelgclifford, his first upload was on 23rd April 2012.	1
When he watched the film Finding Nemo for the first time, he cried!	1
The Bosnian government had expected the international community to deploy a peacekeeping force following recognition, but it did not materialize in time to prevent war from breaking out across the country.	0
On May 1, 2009, Clemmensen was selected to represent Team USA at the 2009 IIHF World Championships as the starting goalie.	0
The different colors of lotus flowers also have different symbolic meanings.	0
bar:1991 at:3642 fontsize:XS text: 3642 shift:(-8,5)	0
Daigny is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.	0
She has voice acted on numerous occasions including; Corpse Bride, Wallace and Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, The Gruffalo, and The Gruffalo’s Child.	1
Such early release was prohibited by the POW's interpretation of the military Code of Conduct: To prevent the enemy from using prisoners for propaganda, officers were to agree to be released in the order in which they were captured.	0
Caterham Challenge started at the Transat Jacques Vabre on the 7th of November 2013 with Gascoyne as skipper and Brian Thompson as co-skipper, leaving Le Havre, France for Itajai, Brazil.	0
After a win at the Cross de Atapuerca, he also performed well at the 2008 European Cross Country Championships, finishing in seventh and leading the Spanish team to the gold with the help of Ayad Lamdassem.	0
Thespis was a singer of dithyrambs (songs about stories from mythology with choric refrains).	0
Isocyanates are produced by treating amines with phosgene:	0
Sweden is well north of the area where the European vine, Vitis vinifera, occurs naturally, and there is no tradition of wine production from grapes in the country.	0
Five of their Gamera films were mocked (twice) on Mystery Science Theater 3000.	0
The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.	1
While most people knew him after the Harry Potter movies were released, this wasn’t his first appearance on the screen.	1
It is usually served with a side of yogurt and a type of lemon and olive oil vinaigrette seasoned with garlic and dried mint.	0
Javitch argues that while many critics have assumed Ariosto does this so as to build narrative tension and keep the reader turning pages, the poet in reality diffuses narrative tension because so much time separates the interruption and the resumption.	0
Pack alphas are the only couple to mate.	1
Many of its founding members had worked as labour organizers and as anti-war activists and had belonged to groups such as the Socialist Party of Canada, One Big Union, the Socialist Labor Party, the Industrial Workers of the World, and other socialist, Marxist or Labour parties or clubs and organizations.	0
Friday the 13th, although considered lucky in some parts of the world, is often a day of superstition for most people in the western world, and the fear of Friday the 13th is known as paraskavedekatriaphobia.	1
1967 Silas og den sorte hoppe (Young adult)	0
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.	1
T2 released Second Bite (1992), Waiting For The Band (1993) and On The Frontline (1994).	0
Venue: Ginásio do Maracanãzinho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
A variety of fresh water turtle, hickatees are found in the fresh water and brackish ponds around the islands.	0
The law does not always stop poachers, who find a ready market across the border in Ontario (especially in the Ottawa area), where ramps may be legally harvested and sold.	1
Roxburgh directed his first film, Romulus, My Father starring Eric Bana, released in 2007.	0
In a 1938 interview, Rainer exclaimed that being awarded twice made her "work all the harder now to prove the Academy was right."	0
His popularity allowed him to sign up with Maker Studios in December 2012.	1
Martignargues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.	0
Roosters can't crow if they can't fully extend their necks	1
During the war, the resort was used as a hospital and the courses were flattened and paved for use as a major RAF airfield.	0
Western beef tended to be canned, as the quality was inferior to the corn-fed beef of the Midwest.	0
When adapting a play for opera, it was imperative to shorten and simplify.	0
9% of people skip breakfast daily	1
| 80 || 41 || 19.8 || .396 || .319 || .770 || 2.0 || .7 || .9 || .2 || 5.9	0
There have been many replicas of the Master Sword, such as the creation from the Fibreglass Blades company.	1
It takes around 23 seconds for blood to circulate the body on average.	1
Leto filmed the 2013 short film for "Up in the Air" at a now-defunct aerospace manufacturing building in Los Angeles, California.	0
The 30-minute show delved into the lives of students at McKinley High School.	0
In the "Treaty of Peace concluded through the mediation of Philip III of Emperor Matthias de 'Romans and King of Bohemia and Archduke Ferdinand of Austria and the Republic of Venice" (now known as the Preliminary Treaty of Paris and the Treaty of Madrid) is resolved that the pirates are driven from the maritime areas belonging to the House of Austria.	0
Pinocchio is Italian for “pine eye”!	1
The title referred to the two robotic soldiers, RD-008 and RC-011, who replaced Bill and Lance in this version.	0
2008 - Scott-Marcondes Cesar-São José dos Campos	0
In more than half of U.S. cities, it is illegal for homeless people to sit or lay on the sidewalk.	1
Customer Service, Shops, Vending machines, ATMs	0
Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.	1
Alicia Keys gave a live music performance during the 2016 UEFA Champions League Final’s opening ceremony, the first in the history of the league.	1
Flow control packets can be originated by switches and endpoints.	0
The Birds (story), by Daphne du Maurier	0
To estimate the distance to a strike, count the delay between lightning and thunder in seconds and divide by 5 for miles or 3 for km.	1
The term mantra is traditionally said to be derived from two roots: man, to think; and the action-oriented suffix -tra.	0
Raymond Escholier La peinture française du XIXe siècle, de David à Géricaut, Librairie Floury, 1941.	0
It has been cited as an example of an Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) case where the courts did not require the exhaustion of foreign legal remedies.	0
In 2006, Shari’s Berries pioneered the concept of delivering chocolate dipped fruits nationwide in freeze packs.	1
The town is the headquarters of the Shi&apos;ite group Hezbollah.	0
On the resumption of football in 1919, Kimpton was one of only three pre-war players who were re-signed by Southampton, but he was now in his thirties and only made two appearances in Southampton's final Southern League season.	0
Five months later, in England to address the Oxford Union, Smith described Mugabe as "mentally deranged".	0
An autopsy reveals Massacre was unable to fire a gun and was shot point blank, confirming Yuri's suspicions.	0
Katy Livingston: modern pentathlon, competed in Beijing Olympics and won individual bronze at the 2008 World Championships.	0
She had a different vision for it in the beginning.	0
Shortly afterward, Gazan farmers began exporting strawberries, peppers, carnations, and cherry tomatoes.	0
90% people depend on alarm clocks to wake up	1
New York: Moss Music Group, 1983.	0
Hermes Conrad is a Jamaican bureaucrat at grade 34, and the accountant for Planet Express.	1
Making chocolate takes about 400 beans to make a single pound of chocolate.	1
His military campaigns against the Ottoman Empire brought him the status of Transylvanian governor in 1446 and papal recognition as the Prince of Transylvania in 1448.	0
1956 – Great Day in the Morning	0
On 23 June 2008, the Stuttgart Journal announced that Steaua has lowered the price of the center back to €3 million.	0
She has sold over 11 million singles, and 2.5 million records.	1
They live in small colonies of around 10 – 100 individuals high up in limestone caves in forested areas near rivers.	1
Stan and Ollie leave their shop, without closing their door, to wreak havoc in Hall's grocery; while they are there, a shoplifter (Bobby Dunn) removes items from their store, taking more and more as their confrontations with Hall escalate (at first he merely carries the items out by hand a few at a time, but then, having come and gone unhindered several times, boldly returns with a wheelbarrow).	0
Hradec Králové was the first of the towns to declare for the national cause during the Hussite Wars in the first half of the 15th century.	0
It was originally funded with the bonuses that the employees received when eBay bought out PayPal.	1
She left home when she was only 17 to pursue her music career.	1
Located in the Park it was designated a National Historic Site in 1970.	0
He reported to the U.S. War Department prior to the engagement:	0
Most of the recruits for his army came from the native Sicel tribes.	0
Unlike the purposeful importations of many breeds, the path of the Ankole‑Watusi to the United States was indirect if not accidental.	0
In January 2008, Chen was involved in a widely publicized sex scandal when sexually explicit nude photographs of himself taken four years earlier became widely circulated on the Internet.	0
These attractions put Dezful Area in the list of archaeologists'	0
She also reached the final of the A draw in Antony where she was not successful.	0
On 14 April 2010, the causeway's gates were opened permanently as part of a $68 million three-phase project designed to restore the river, to be completed by 2015.	0
One of the most famous lions in literature is Aslan the Great, who features in The Chronicles of Narnia (1950-56).	1
Burkhard Jellonnek: Homosexuelle unter dem Hakenkreuz : Die Verfolgung von Homosexuellen im Dritten Reich.	0
Engineers: Sean Beresford, Jason Carmer, Dime Assistant, Clint Roth, Robert Shimp	0
In 1990, Algeria hosted the 1990 African Cup of Nations.	0
HMS X1 &mdash; 1 boat, 1921	0
Novikov remained with the team and was joined by Ott Tänak, while Østberg, Willson and Solberg left.	0
It takes 4 gigajoules of energy to lift a human into space, that's about the same energy as 2 fridge freezers use in a year.	1
For every child born in Wales since April 2014, the Welsh Government have donated a fruit tree to Ugandan families, to celebrate the birth or adoption of every child.	1
The became famous by coming in second place on The X Factor in 2008.	1
He still had the ear of the Prime Minister, and enjoyed promoting the careers of candidates with potential, but was no longer a major political player as he had been until 1947.	0
Louis is the oldest member of 1D.	1
The female of the species is smaller than the male, which is unusual regarding frogs.	1
Yoda was voiced by Frank Oz in the Star Wars films, who also does the voice of the Cookie Monster and Miss Piggy from the Muppets.	1
FAC-P/PM (Federal Acquisition Certification in Project and Program Management ) conferred by civilian agencies of the U.S. federal government supplements private sector competencies and experience expectations with unique government requirements including those for government contract, budget, and management processes.	0
Pescetarians are vegetarians who eat fish.	1
Out of affection and because she knows it will please Edmund and his father, Mary goes out of her way to befriend Fanny.	0
Marx and Engels on the United States (posthumously published by Progress Publishers, Moscow), 1979	0
Kanye West is one of the most followed celebrities on Twitter, his profile is @kanyewest.	1
Barb gets up to check on Alice, and finds Chucky sitting on the stairs that lead to the attic.	0
Ein Centralblatt Deutschen Lebens in Russland."	0
In 1995, his colleagues forced Aca to record his first album right after he has gained great success with a hit song "Kuda idu ljudi kao ja", that became an instant folk hit.	0
Emma Watson admits to having a huge crush on Tom Felton during filming of Harry Potter because he was a little older and she saw him as a bad boy.	1
Fifth Harmony’s first single dropped on 16th July 2013 and is entitled, ‘Miss Movin’ On’.	1
After a disorganized and ineffective campaign, Parker was defeated by 336 electoral votes to 140, carrying only the traditionally Democratic Solid South.	0
Having spent the majority of his playing career in the lower divisions, Ozan İpek never represented Turkey at youth level.	0
The Griffins live on Spooner Street, in Quahog, Rhode Island.	1
in R Gupta and K S Williams, Proc 5th Conf Can Nr Theo Assoc, 1999, vol 19 CRM Proc & Lec Notes, AMS, Aug 1999.	0
Originally this was identified as Orchis coriophora ssp fragans (Pollini) K.Richt.	0
The latter film was set to go into production, but Warner Bros. opted to revive their franchises separately, and so the script was shelved.	0
In March and April, Operation Osterglocke (Daffodil) was conducted over 12 days, followed by Operation Liane in late May, and the long-running Operation Annemarie which covered the period 7 May to 16 July 1944.	0
Its historical capital was Timișoara, now in Timiș County in Romania.	0
"The film boasts excellent costumes, good acting and is a great vision of what goes on in a good fetish club.	0
The 2011–12 SM-liiga season was the 37th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland, since the league's formation in 1975.	0
Taylor Swift is extremely talented, she can play the guitar, piano, ukulele, electric guitar and the banjo!	1
Way back in the history of Australia, indigenous people were settled on the land for around 50,000 years before the British arrived.	1
Bronze tools did not chip and break like stone tools and could be formed more easily.	1
Oldest player: Alf Wood, 43 years 207 days (vs Plymouth Argyle, 1958)	0
Sacher-Masoch edited the Leipzig-based monthly literary magazine Auf der Höhe.	0
Nike was founded on January 25th 1964 by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight.	1
Beautiful Creatures was published in 2009.	1
“There is nothing to eat here, nothing but turnips,” he said.	0
English is the only language he can speak.	1
He will be a series regular starting in Season 6.	0
NASA will pay $15,000 to anyone who is willing to sit in bed for 87 days, to research the effect of zero gravity.	1
List of Major League Baseball leaders in career stolen bases	0
Germany has constitutional guarantees against improper detention and have been implemented in statutory law in a manner that can be considered as equivalent to writs of habeas corpus.	0
Kouichi goes to the building and Keito comes out, and they hug each other as she cries.	0
| 18 || 4 || 20.1 || .388 || .423 || .792 || 2.2 || 1.1 || .6 || .2 || 5.7	0
Giraffes are able to drink up to 10 gallons of water each day, and also get water from the plants they eat, including acacias.	1
Offerte - Grand dialogue à trois Choeurs	0
It toured through March and April in England and also played at the 2009 Edinburgh Fringe at the Gilded Balloon Wine Bar in August.	0
2005Premios Gardel 2005Canción del Año - Realización del Año - Mejor DVD - Mejor Video Clip - Mejor Diseño de PortadaNominated	0
The show aired reruns on Cartoon Network’s Adult Swim channel.	1
From then on, Ely was under the bishop of Ely.	0
The Mia L has four seats and a longer wheelbase measuring , and pricing starts at ( ).	0
From their base in Rwanda-Burundi, the battalion was also mobilized for operations in nearby towns in the Congo.	0
Justin Bieber joined Snapchat in June 2015 – his Snapchat name is rickthesizzler.	1
One of the unique features of the IGES standard is that it was the first ANSI Standard to be documented using itself.	0
Anne Eugénie Blanchard (16 February 1896 4 November 2010) was a French-Saint Barthélemy supercentenarian, who at the age of was the oldest living person at the time of her death.	0
, the private label generated about $10 million in revenue annually from swimwear, knitwear, and jersey.	0
The word “Android” means a human with a male robot appearance.	1
The picture stars Irene Dunne as a woman who returns to her husband and children after being shipwrecked on a tropical island for several years, and Cary Grant as her husband.	0
Excel's Pivot Table not only allows for connecting to Microsoft's solution (Analysis Service), but to any XML for Analysis (XMLA) (OLAP standard) compliant server.	0
The final game was not finished until Drew Bannister shot Kassel to the championship and promotion to the DEL in overtime.	0
– Interview with and article on Mikhail Kalashnikov at the age of 83, from The Guardian newspaper.	0
All sharks have triangular serrated teeth to kill their prey with.	1
Two bounty hunters who failed in capturing Joba and later Touran.	0
Following the 1921 federal election, William Lyon Mackenzie King's Liberals came to power in Ottawa.	0
A royal decree was issued on July 5, 1616, confirming the family's possession of an estate in the Nizhny Novgorod district consisting of the town of Bogorodskoye with its associated villages.	0
She owns some property in the San Fernando Valley.	1
Meanwhile, after the arrival of Desaix, 6,000 men would reinforce Bonaparte's army.	0
The banana made its name after it was sold wrapped in aluminum foil for 10 cents in the 1876 Philadelphia World Fair.	1
Lemon was a common unisex name in the 1900’s.	1
The tribe is sovereign in its territory.	0
2004: Nominated, "Performance in a TV Drama Series Episode" - Law & Order: Special Victims Unit	0
An audiotrack from this film was sampled into the cursed tape of the 2002 film The Ring.	0
As Mayim is a practising Jew, she follows the tradition of only wears skirts and modest clothing.	1
The town was deemed a 'township with independent administration' in 1949.	0
Despite surviving the fight and defeating Zapan Alita was sentenced to death by the Factory for the Class A crime of using a firearm.	0
Members of the Young Pioneers, the Communist youth movement, were trained to defend against airborne invasion by fixing pointed spikes to treetops to impale descending foreign parachutists.	0
(University of Kyushu Press, Fukuoka, Japan).	0
In 1986, Mayor Morales Ehrlich closed streets in the downtown of the city to create a large pedestrian mall, which has resulted in chronic traffic congestion.	0
Ferdinand Maria was crowned on 31 October 1654.	0
By the end of the first World War the Venerable Söhnge came to Worcester with instructions from the Society to develop a Teachers Training College for Coloured people.	0
In the 20th century, after The Great Depression and Prohibition, the area was reformed.	0
Prince Karl Anton August of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck, 1727–1759	0
Girls U-10 – Antoaneta Stefanova (BUL); Girls U-12 – Diana Darchia (USSR); Girls U-14 – Anna Segal (USSR); Girls U-16 – Krystina Dabrowska (POL); Girls U-18 – Katrin Aladyova (BUL).	0
For example, United Parcel Service has a MaxiCode 2-D code for parcel tracking.	0
Abnormal connections (fistulas) can develop between the esophagus and the trachea (windpipe), also increasing the risk of pneumonia, which is usually heralded by cough, fever, or aspiration.	0
His favourite subject at school was history.	1
The central hall lighting is created with stylised 19th century chandeliers with two rows of plafonds appearing like candles, while the side platforms have candlesticks with similar plafonds.	0
Bronze sculptures, although known for their longevity, still undergo microbial degradation; such as from certain species of yeasts.	0
The Women's football Serie A is the highest-level league competition for women's football clubs in Italian football.	0
The Colgate toothpaste company started out making starch, soap, and candles	1
He loves to watch the television show ‘That 70’s Show‘.	1
Brad’s first uncredited role was in, No Way Out.	1
The constant handling of heavy animal carcasses built up his upper body strength and kept him fit.	0
The youngest son of Captain Ali and Cemile, Osman has started primary school and has fallen in love with a girl named Gülden.	0
Their size makes them a sought after tasty treat by crocodiles, large lizards and snakes.	1
Walter Hunt, a man from America, invented the safety pin back in 1849.	1
The water in the Dead Sea is so salty that its easier to float than sink	1
The girl was persuaded by her mother but resolved to kill her bridegroom their wedding night.	0
Mücver is prepared with grated squash/courgette or potatoes, egg, onion, dill and/or cheese and flour.	0
Isaac Ingalls Stevens (March 25, 1818 – September 1, 1862) was the first Governor of Washington Territory, a United States Congressman, and a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War until his death at the Battle of Chantilly.	0
Christofferson was born in American Fork, Utah and raised in Pleasant Grove, Utah; Lindon, Utah and Somerset, New Jersey.	0
As of September 2011, she has three of her own fragrances: Heat, Heat Rushwith, and Beyoncé Pulse.	1
A group of butterflies is known as a flutter.	1
In 2010 and 2012 he received the World Boxing Council "Boxer of the Year" award.	0
Guinness is brewed in more than 150 countries including Nigeria and Indonesia.	1
During the following tour, Anita Auglend, Anders Thue and Ingfrid Stensland grew weary of traveling and left the band in 2001.	0
2002 - AVCA NJCAA Player of the Year	0
The Indian attacks resume when a band of renegades steals horses from the railroad camp.	0
When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.	1
It has an average body length of 170mm-198mm, a snout to anus length of 80-93 mm, a tail measurement of 90-105 mm, a hind foot of 17.5mm, ear length of 18mm and a weight which varies between 20-25 grams.	0
The song "Detroit" contains the lyric "F.O.B.	0
PEN is used as the substrate for some LTO tape cartridges.	0
Her best singles performance at a Grand Slam event came at the Australian Open in 1997, when she reached the quarter-finals before being knocked out by Amanda Coetzer.	0
Coinfection of HIV with malaria increases mortality.	0
An important feature of Michelangelo's work which, in many places, has disappeared forever is the painting of the eyeballs.	0
Canada accepts imports of cattle, beef or beef-based products only from counties that are considered to effectively control BSE.	0
Skin in your ear canal is constantly growing outward at a rate of 3-4cm year.	1
Going to Extremes: How Like Minds Unite and Divide (Oxford University Press, 2009)	0
There are surprisingly dozens of scarecrow festivals every year, many of which are held in the United Kingdom.	1
The film's music was composed by Lowell Lo and edited by David Wu.	0
The seed should be set in warm water up to 2 inches deep; no more than that.	0
Everyone has experienced something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.	1
The regular calendar is a list of bills that have been favorably reported from committee and are ready for consideration by the membership of the entire house.	0
Cougars become sexually mature at about 24 months of age.	1
However, after the UED is routed from their position on the Dominion capital world of Korhal, Kerrigan turns on her allies.	0
The mayor decides to pay, and tells Callahan to deliver the money with no tricks, but the inspector wears a wire, brings a knife, and has his partner follow him.	0
Clownfish can be kept as saltwater aquariums or tanks as pets.	1
Best Performance by an Actor for Sparrow	0
Sir Rupert Hart-Davis British publisher, literary editor, and man of letters (28 August 1907 – 8 December 1999)	0
Contrary to what many people believe, there are only 15 calories in a teaspoon of sugar, which can be burned off in 15 minutes simply by socializing with other people.	1
Some deposit their eggs inside the pitcher (with the larvae feeding on the pitcher's prey) and help the plants reproduce by transporting pollen from plant to plant.	0
with small birthweight and rapid weight gains to weaning.	0
Oher is one of the subjects of Michael Lewis's 2006 book, .	0
This crime greatly excited the republican press, which demanded his trial.	0
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley’s Gum!	1
In botany, the labellum (or Lip) is part of an orchid, Canna, or other less known flower that serves to attract insects that pollinate the flower, and acts as a landing platform for those insects.	0
It is located in Kneehill County, west of Drumheller and northeast of Calgary, along Highway 836, each of Highway 21 on Highway 575.	0
Kakuna has been shown evolving more than any other Pokémon in the animé.	1
In Rest and Ricklaxation, a decaying version of 8 Ball, Bill Cipher’s friend from the Nightmare Realm, can be seen in the toxin tank.	1
Each line can represent a specific percussion instrument within a set, such as in a drum set.	0
In 1931, were put two turbo generators.	0
In season 5 of Breaking Bad, Aaron Paul (Jesse) was paid $150,000 per episode.	1
He also owned a tree service.	0
There are more than 100,00 lightbulbs outlining the buildings on Main Street.	1
Wimborne TownSouthern League Division One South & West8Wimborne	0
The Binary number for 28 is 00011100.	1
He said that if wage cuts were not enforced, it would be necessary to get rid of about 100,000 civil servants immediately (under law, Portuguese civil servants are shielded from unemployment, so a number of special derogations would be needed to achieve this).	0
Following the Second World War the Labour Government of Clement Attlee established the Council for Wales and Monmouthshire, an unelected assembly of 27 with the brief of advising the UK government on matters of Welsh interest.	0
Longhorn cattle of Africa and Zebu Longhorn cattle originally from India.	0
Auguste Rodin has created a bust of Berthelot.	0
Gates 4-5 - Hapoel stands, during Maccabi games, is used for away stands, depending on the game.	0
24 is the number of carats in 100% pure gold.	1
They describe the lands belonging to the lordly estate, “gardens, meadows and cropland” and name the pledgeholders, who had to pay for their pledges at the monastery each year at Martinmas.	0
Elaine Sortino, 64, American softball coach (University of Massachusetts), cancer.	0
In other words, local tax or accounting rules may treat a dividend as a form of customer rebate or a staff bonus to be deducted from turnover before profit (tax profit or operating profit) is calculated.	0
Franz Boas, ed., Handbook of American Indian languages, Part I, 735-873.	0
Division leaders no longer received first round byes.	0
1938 - Bernard Madoff, American businessman and financier	0
Out of the millions of creatures on Earth, humans are only 1 of 3 species capable of laughter, the other 2 being chimpanzees and rats.	1
In practical terms, the majority of the population has been satisfied with the framework of devolution since the restoration of democracy, even if there are still aspirations for further recognition of the distinctiveness of the nationalities or for the expansion of their self-government.	0
Afterwards, the champions would be attacked by Daniels and Kazarian.	0
Angus is a thane in Macbeth.	0
He plays the drums in The Vamps.	1
He considered himself primarily a poet.	0
Kim Donaldson, Zimbabwean artist who specialises in painting the peoples and wildlife of Africa	0
Justin found his backup dancers for many of his early videos on YouTube.	1
Diet Coke was introduced in 1982	1
There were nearly twice as many male main characters as female main characters, and male characters appeared in illustrations 53 percent more than female characters.	0
A baby koala which has been just born is usually less than 1 inch long.	1
An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.	1
The bishop of Llandaff, Anthony Kitchin, refused to officiate at Parker's consecration; thus instead bishops deposed and exiled by Mary assisted: William Barlow, former Bishop of Bath and Wells, John Scory, former Bishop of Chichester, Miles Coverdale, former Bishop of Exeter, and John Hodgkins, former Bishop of Bedford.	0
There is a monetary system called the 'gold standard' which fixes a unit of money to a certain weight of gold.	1
Zenobius is often depicted with a dead child or man in his arms, or a flowering elm, both in reference to his miracles.	0
The knockout stages then resumed, with a visit to F.C.	0
The diastereoselectivity is controlled by the formation of a less strained cis-fused ring system.	0
The Ancient Romans were responsible for significant developments in housing and public hygiene, for example their public and private baths and latrines, under-floor heating in the form of the hypocaust, mica glazing (examples in Ostia Antica), and piped hot and cold water (examples in Pompeii and Ostia).	0
In Jubilees the sins of man is attributed to "the unclean demons began to lead astray the children of the sons of Noah, and to make to err and destroy them" (Jubilees 10:1).	0
2007 was also a resurgent year for veteran outfielder Garret Anderson.	0
On the day of the great Christian festival St. Petka’s Day (October 27) in the eponymous monastery in the village of Bajkovo, there is a nationwide gathering.	0
The armistice was reduced to fourteen weeks, but during it Armed Neutrality would be suspended and the British were to have free access to Copenhagen.	0
Both head coach Andy Reid and McNabb have denied any physical problems that led to the puzzlingly slow pace of play, but they did not address mental problems.	0
Around 70% of people tilt their heads to the right rather than the left when kissing somebody else.	1
Will Smith owed $2.8 Million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air.	1
Despite public proclamations of support, Mao privately told Kim that China would be unable to assist North Korea this time because of the lingering after-effects of the Cultural Revolution throughout China, and also because Mao had recently decided to restore diplomatic relations with the US.	0
Revision or amendment of the constitution must be done by a constitutional law voted by the National Assembly by a majority of two thirds of all members of the National Assembly.	0
But Atahualpa escaped from his imprisonment with the help of his wife and began securing support from Huayna Capac's best generals Chalkuchimac and Quizquiz, who happened to be near Quito, the nearest major city.	0
To the present day Britain is the only country that doesn’t have its name on postage stamps.	1
Gandalf used telepathy, not magic, to free Théoden from Saruman’s mind control.	1
On 1 July 2013, prior to the coup against President Mohamed Morsi, General Abdul Fatah al-Sisi, the Minister of Defense, issued an ultimatum to the government and opposition to resolve their dispute, or otherwise the military would intervene.	0
The architectural components are then developed and validated in accord with the allocated safety (and functional) requirements.	0
Oritsé loves to watch Family Guy!	1
It is roughly spherical in shape and has a circumference of five feet.	0
Although he was born in West Virginia, his family was actually living in Virginia at that time, and he lived in Virginia throughout his childhood.	0
That logic began with Frege's 1879 Begriffsschrift and C.S.	0
BTS has sold at least 7 million albums globally as of July 2018.	1
While filming the One Less Lonely Girl music video, the puppy in the video peed on Justin.	1
Ukraine is Europe's largest country, not counting Russia which is also part of Asia.	1
His younger brothers Mario Cevenini, Luigi Cevenini, Cesare Cevenini and Carlo Cevenini all played football professionally.	0
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 13 seconds	1
2012Hell and Mr. FudgeBennie Lee Fudge	0
"Spatial distribution drivers of Amur leopard density in northeast China" (PDF).	0
In , the Indians had a 44-42 start, but caught fire after the All Star break and went 46-30 the rest of the way to finish 90-72.	0
From Foundation&apos;s Edge it can be surmised that Galaxia culminates in about FE 4000, allowing for further Foundation stories to be interesting until that date, if the Estate of Isaac Asimov were to authorize further stories (Vis-a-vis Donald Kingsbury's novel, Psychohistorical Crisis).	0
Reigning champion Mikhail Aleshin was due to graduate to the GP2 Series with the Carlin team, but had to withdraw from the series due to budgetary issues.	0
Huan Zhen and Huan Qian did not try to redeclare Chu; rather, they tried to hold Emperor An as collateral while trying to maintain their status as Jin officials.	0
The Israelis reacted by bombing and shelling priority targets in Egypt, including command posts and water reserves.	0
She allied herself with Wang Hongwen and propaganda specialists Zhang Chunqiao and Yao Wenyuan, forming a political clique later pejoratively dubbed as the "Gang of Four".	0
Madison, which is not the correct order of presidents.	0
Over 1.7 billion candy canes are made each year around the world.	1
Keep the bowl in a dark, cool place with the sand kept damp for approximately 2–3 months at a temperature of about until small leaves are seen to sprout from the tuber when they can be returned to the pond or aquarium.	0
The track, "Niagara Falls", describes Sheldon Leonard's honeymoon at Niagara Falls.	0
Between the years of 2009 and 2014, 4,183 people in U.S. prisons were held past their release dates for no reason.	1
Health problems also appear to be minimal, despite the wide range of climatic conditions in which they thrive.	0
Re-designated: 64th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron on 20 January 1950	0
The figure of Third, seated on the highest throne in the hall, responds that there will be many good places to live, but also many bad ones.	0
Freudenberger defines burnout to be a "state of mental and physical exhaustion caused by one's professional life".	0
The three took turns in leading the race and remained close.	0
Health problems also appear to be minimal, despite the wide range of climatic conditions in which they thrive.	0
Max Weber, The Theory of Social and Economic Organization.	0
There were 12 housing units at an average density of 0.3 per square mile (0.1/km²).	0
The chemical element Oganesson (with symbol Og and atomic number 118) is the only element named after a living person, Yuri Oganesson.pic.twitter.com/K8IxoMhQ1J	1
His first goal for Japan came on 22 August 2007 in a friendly match against Cameroon.	0
She was subsequently traded to Phoenix Mercury alongside the higher-regarded Diana Taurasi.	0
A new pier was built in 1885 and this encouraged the building of a larger paddle steamer, the Ozone.Continuing prosperity during the 1880s and 1890s led to the building of more guest houses and two further paddle steamers, the Hygeia and the Weeroona, which serviced the tourist trade.	0
Thrill of the Kill (2006)...Graydon Jennings	0
Shortly after the French guns arrived, however, a hole was made in the wall and the city fell shortly thereafter.	0
The game’s creator admitted the game was inspired by Super Mario Bros, and that the titular Flappy Bird is inspired by Cheep Cheep, the fish Mario meets when he swims underwater.	1
Tweets from humans get 19 times more likes than tweets from bots.	1
Monopoly History, properties around the world and various editions.	0
In 2026, the number of teams qualified into a World Cup will jump up from 32 to 48.	1
It was later integrated in the rondell buildings on both sides next to the gate (constructed by Gabriel von Seidl 1899-1902).	0
Devon Bull gained one pound for each 5.22 pounds of 60% TDN ration consumed.	0
The lateral extensions of the mantle may cover the shell completely, meeting at the midline of the dorsum.	0
After two weeks the ships left for Tahiti but contrary winds carried them westwards to Mangaia where land was first sighted on 29 March.	0
Emilie owns a house in Los Angeles, CA, where she lives when she isn’t flying to and from filming locations.	1
Banned from entering the People's Republic of China.	0
Babar et le professeur Grifaton (1956) — Babar and the Professor	0
In 1911, pigtails were banned in China because they were seen as a link with its feudal past!	1
As the news media descends upon the couple, Bill and Kate decide to stay with Kate's brother Eric (Alan Tudyk) and his wife Trish (Moon Bloodgood).	0
This method is of course not truly random, as it makes certain convenient key sequences more likely than others, yet it proved to be generally effective.	0
"Trianon", the codename of the CIA spy in the 1984 Soviet film TASS Is Authorized to Declare...	0
He was gazetted in the 18th Hussars in 1917 and joined the Colonial Administrative Service in Hong Kong in 1922.	0
Andes Candies were called “Andy’s Candy’s,” after creator George Andrew Kanelos but it was changed after men didn’t want to buy their partners chocolates with another man’s name.	1
Heartfield produced the first political photomontages.	0
Human agency emphasizes the active, willful, goal seeking character of human actors.	0
In 2008 he signed the Charter 08 of his friend Liu Xiaobo, although he says of himself that he is not really interested in politics, just in his stories.	0
This impetuous action was perpetrated by one individual who was not closely affiliated with Monte.	0
| 6 || 0 || 26.5 || .368 || .355 || .875 || 3.8 || 1.7 || .7 || .3 || 11.2	0
Differences in the temperature of the cosmic background are smoothed by cosmic inflation, but they still exist.	0
KRAJ 100.9 FM The Heat Hip Hop	0
Wine is mentioned in the Christian Bible over 500 times.	1
John Steinbeck born February 27th 1902 wrote 27 books including Of Mice and Men.	1
Panthers are usually quiet, but they do communicate through vocalizations that have been described as chirps, peeps, whistles, purrs, moans, screams, growls, and hisses.	1
Interest among physicists and molecular biologists had begun to coalesce around deciphering the correspondence between the twenty amino acids and the four letter alphabet of nucleic acid bases in the decade following James D. Watson and Francis Crick's discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953.	0
The performance also features American vocalist/pianist Oleta Adams who had worked with the band on their album The Seeds Of Love and joined them for the subsequent world tour.	0
Saudi Arabia imports camels from Australia.	1
Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washngton DC.	1
Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.	1
Mirkin's older brother Gary worked as a television engineer for the Philadelphia NBC affiliate.	0
It was also released the same week in Norway, entering VG-lista, the official Norwegian Albums Chart straight at #20.	0
William Stuart Long, The Exiles, ISBN 0-8264-021-4	0
Managing the world economy; lowering barriers to trade and investment particularly between the U.S. and the E.U.	0
Pau Grand Prix, an auto race	0
Elizabeth I had peas imported as they were very expensive.	1
Witnesses are strongly discouraged from waiting years to resolve such matters; even if years have passed since the serious sin, it is typical for a judicial committee to be formed, and there may still be repercussions as for ‘non-judicial’ situations.	0
Work (Christian theology), acts of charity	0
Varejao scored 12 points in a Game Four win against the Boston Celtics and a pulled down 10 rebounds in a Game Two loss to the Celtics.	0
the Stud Book and Stud Book Certificates with the addition	0
Close friends tend to have actual genetic similarities to each other, like families do.	1
In Malaysia, it’s legal to divorce your partner via text message!	1
After some two hours this condition faded away.	0
adipose cells, but of accumulations of white blood cells, especially macrophages, that have taken up oxidized low-density lipoprotein (LDL).	0
It is now dead and it may be seen stuffed in Mr. Rothschild's	0
She supported Cyndi Lauper on her 2008 tour.	1
A blue whale can weigh as much as 30 elephants and as long as 3 large tour buses	1
He turned them all down to concentrate on track and field.	0
March 8, 1981: Doug Halward traded from Los Angeles to Vancouver for Vancouver's fifth round choice in 1982 Entry Draft.	0
Bird Person is a parody of “The Hawk” from Buck Rodgers.	1
His father was a professional golf player, though Dante was more interested in becoming a cartoonist.	0
Studies show most people realize they aren't the same person they were 10 years ago, yet believe they won't change in the next 10 years.	1
The day the price of gold was pegged to the U.S. dollar is one of the most important points of U.S. history because it helped make the United States the global superpower it is today.	0
Occasional live sport events appear on TV3.	0
Because of its unique tilt, a single night on Uranus lasts for 21 years.	1
In Canada, ramps are considered rare delicacies.	1
Two of the Poligans of Tirumalai Nayak namely, Ramachandra Nayaka and Gatti Mudaliars ruled the Salem area.	0
1st, Irish National Criterium Championship (CN)	0
The word FOUR is the only word that has the same number of letters as the number it spells.	1
Roomer was unique among 17th-century collectors in acquiring many non-religious works.	0
schottii L.H.Bailey & Raffill = Allamanda schottii	0
In the northwest USA they are found nesting in lodgepole pines and can be seen perched on shrubs and smaller trees while searching for food or looking for a mate.	0
The Sharks (Haiene, 1974) (translated by Esther Greenleaf Mürer, Norvik Press / Dufour, 1992)	0
The aerial shots give a stunning view of a Moscow of that time period.	0
Calum’s favourite song on the album is ‘Kiss Me Kiss Me’.	1
In 1956, at the age of 11, she won the Guilhermina Suggia Award, and was granted renewal of the award each year through 1961.	0
1952 "Kansas City Confidential"; United Artists; original story by Rowland Brown and Harold r. Greene	0
In total, there are 205 bones in the skeleton of a horse.	1
"The Roots of Timba, Part II; Juan Formell y Los Van Van" (Kevin Moore).	0
Centurion returned to the United Kingdom in August 1901, and was paid off the following month, when Captain Jellicoe and the crew went on leave.	0
All over Europe, he is known as Ash Ketchum, but in France, they call him Sacha Ketchum, and in Lithuania, he is referred to as Esas Keciumas.	1
Journal of the Botanical Research Institute of Texas.	0
The period after the American Occupation led to a rise in diversity in movie distribution thanks to the increased output and popularity of the film studios of Toho, Daiei, Shochiku, Nikkatsu, and Toei.	0
Another famous attendee was Alfred Jarry, an obscure French playwright responsible for writing the avant-garde master-piece Ubu Roi.	0
When Monsanto refused to pay, Schmeiser sued in small claims court.	0
2007: Le Mans Series (Team - Larbre Compétition)	0
India is the second largest consumer of gold in the world.	1
Legal scholars have linked "catharsis" to "closure" (an individual's desire for a firm answer to a question and an aversion toward ambiguity) and "satisfaction" which can be applied to affective strategies as diverse as retribution, on one hand, and forgiveness on the other.	0
This film was released in the U.S. under the title Three Extremes II, as the sequel was released first in U.S. territories, followed by this film.	0
The Greek Coffin Mystery is a novel that was written in 1932 by Ellery Queen.	0
The faceplate is able to retract to reveal a mouth.	0
Black-tailed Godwit - Limosa limosa - ( )	0
Northwestern University Associate Professor Arthur Butz recently issued a statement commending Iranian President Ahmadinejad's assertion that the Holocaust never happened.	0
One active aspect of cynicism involves the desire to expose hypocrisy and to point out the gulf between society's ideals and its practices.	0
From this, Pamela would be very popular in Chilean television, especially for her role in an advertising campaign for "Morenita" brand beer.	0
History of the Maryland Militia in the Civil War	0
Bart has also appeared in commercials for Burger King, Domino’s Pizza, Kentucky Fried Chicken and Subway.	1
Ficaria verna exists in both diploid (2n=16) and tetraploid (2n=32) forms which are very similar in appearance.	1
If you can’t decide on having cat or a dog, you can have a fox as a pet.	1
The average cost of a small tattoo is $45, while the average cost of a large tattoo is $150 per hour.	1
In the late 1893 Merezhkovskys settled in Saint Petersburg again.	0
by 160 m. at the base.	0
Stevenson hired a boat to take him out to inspect the damage the same day he received this news.	0
It is one of the langues d&apos;oïl.	0
Notably, Paolo Rossi was suspended for three years (reduced to two on appeal), and upon his return helped Italy in their successful 1982 FIFA World Cup campaign.	0
Shooting started on July 8, 2010 in Louisiana, and lasted 20 days.	0
The original Disneyland in Anaheim, California, opened on July 17th, 1955.	1
Saïd agrees to help McManus take down Querns and Adebisi alike and, when Querns is fired, Adebisi makes an attempt on Saïd's life which backfires with Saïd killing Adebisi in self-defense.	0
During the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598), many of Korea's cultural heritage was destroyed and looted by the invading Japanese armies.	0
Hurricane Ike made landfall on Galveston Island in the early morning of September 13, 2008 as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 110 miles per hour.	1
Alex Davidson (rugby league), rugby league player	0
He attended Weston College and completed a BTEC Extended Diploma in Graphic Design.	1
Lisa is the most intellectual member of the Simpson family.	1
Jack Sealy (Local player, Already played for Hong Kong national football team)	0
It is this secret that Wilson guards to the extent of having a mysterious and threatening lackey disrupt A.J.	0
However, not everyone knows that the symbol originates from the Latin word, ‘aurum’, which stands for ‘shining dawn’ in the ancient language.	0
Musical institutions based in Baltimore, including the Peabody Institute and the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, became fixtures in their respective fields, music education and Western classical music.	0
His surname ‘Ketchum’ comes from the popular phrase ‘gotta catch ’em all!‘	1
However, in 2005, a German research group claimed that the presence of an IMBH near the galactic center is doubtful, based on a dynamical study of the star cluster in which the IMBH was said to reside.	0
1st, Stage 10, (Clermont-Ferrand - Brive, 216 km)	0
Justin has once tripped over his own hockey stick, while trying to impress a girl while playing hockey.	1
From 2006 to 2007, she had a recurring role on ER as television news producer Courtney Brown, who became close to Dr. Kerry Weaver.	0
Bear's latest feature film is Knights of Badassdom, released by Entertainment One on January 21, 2014.	0
With around 1600 pages in manuscript length, A Dance with Dragons was eventually published in July 2011 after six years of writing, longer in page count and writing time than any of the preceding four novels.	0
Tarō Yamada is smart, athletic, and very handsome.	0
Christianna Brand: Green for Danger (1945)	0
Among his best results in other important tournaments were: clear first at Iwonicz Zdroj 1957, equal first with Taimanov at Dresden 1959, equal first with Lajos Portisch at Beverwijk 1965, clear first at Kislovodsk 1966, clear first at Gothenburg 1967, clear first at Kislovodsk 1968, equal first with Mikhail Botvinnik at Wijk aan Zee 1969 (ahead of Keres), equal first at Havana 1971 with Vlastimil Hort, equal first at Hilversum 1973 with Laszlo Szabo, clear first at Budapest 1973 ahead of Anatoly Karpov, clear first at Teesside 1975, clear first at Moscow 1975 (ahead of Boris Spassky, Viktor Korchnoi, and Petrosian), clear first at Las Palmas 1976, equal first with Gennadi Sosonko at Wijk aan Zee 1977, clear first at Bogotá 1978, equal first at Bern 1987 with Daniel Campora, clear first at Dortmund 'A' 1989, and equal first at New York Manhattan 1990 with Gregory Kaidanov, at age 65.	0
In cases where size and weight are important considerations (for example, aircraft), Ni–Cd batteries are preferred over the cheaper lead–acid batteries.	0
Dvalishvili joined Legia Warsaw in February 2013 on a two-and-a-half-year contract.	0
In this second season episode, however, Buffy has to spend her own money to remove the tattoo inflicted on her by Ethan.	0
The tongue of one of these black and orange flying wonders is actually a whopping 6 inch (15 cm) long but very narrow.	1
The most Instagrammed food is pizza, taking the lead in front of sushi and steak.	1
1990 Héros et orateurs, Rhétorique et dramaturgie cornéliennes (Droz)	0
Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker wrote of Kirk's death: “This is a great loss to Botany, for indeed except the late Baron von Mueller there was no other cultivator of Botany in the Southern Hemisphere who could compare with him and I have been looking for years for the Forest Flora of New Zealand by him as to a work of very great scientific importance”.	0
Dark Link made his debut in Zelda II: The Adventure of Link.	1
They wrote about the history of Jesus Christ, that of the Church and that of their patrons, the dynastic history of the local rulers.	0
Father Christmas’ reindeer are: Blitzen, Comet, Cupid, Dasher, Dancer, Prancer and Vixen.	1
It was later released as a single, with "Things We Said Today" as its B-side.	0
On 24th July 2015, Jack &amp; Jack’s first EP, Calibraska hit number 1 on the iTunes charts within hours of its release.	1
An atomic clock, the NIST-F2, was created in 2014 in the U.S. and claims to deviate from the exact time to even a second in 300 million years.	1
The Lost Dream (March 18, 1949).	0
By 3 March 2014, nearly 2,000 cars had been pre-ordered.	0
It was inspired by George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four (1949), and the autocratic, overbearing Big Brother organization.	0
Sam marries Rosie Cotton, with whom he had been entranced for some time.	0
Apple’s cash on hand, around $155 billion, could give everyone in the US, $490.00!	1
Hailing the battered ship, Hallowell received the reply "Bellerophon, going out of action disabled."	0
The Mangcamagong provincial road has a total length of 9.46 kilometers, stretching from the municipal boundary of Basud and Mercedes to the junction of Maharlika highway.	0
Australia hasn't had a recession since 1981.	1
In 2011, days after the conclusion of the 2011 Olympia Weekend, Chairman of the IFBB Professional League Jim Manion amended the qualifying rules as follows:	0
They have been postulated to be radio propagation beacons, channel markers, or beacons used in tracking satellites or for civil defense purposes.	0
At Xinyuan's suggestion, Emperor Wen planned a thorough revision of the governmental system and the building of many temples.	0
He was the second California governor to live in the Stanford Mansion as the official residence and office until the opening of the California State Capitol building in 1869.	0
Watsuki added that it was obvious that the staff of the first season "put their hearts and souls" into the work, but that the second series will be "a much better stage for their talents."	0
Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.	1
However, Yazan escapes by ejecting in his escape pod.	0
Notable shrines of this type include:	0
While plain slides are the most common, there are several specialized types.	0
Jessie musical style has been described as a mix of soul, R n B, pop and hip hop.	1
On March 8, 1868, a skiff sent to Sakai was attacked by samurai of the Tosa clan; 11 sailors and Midshipman Guillou were killed (a monument in Kobe is now erected to their memory).	0
Every minute, 1.8 million new “likes” are made on Facebook!	1
(May 1902 - November 1902) Félix Súarez Inclán (14).	0
2006: Rachmaninoff: Transcriptions; Corelli Variations — Harmonia Mundi	0
Bowdoin provided services in conjunction with air base site surveys and construction.	0
Each digit is equipped with a claw, which the cougar sheathes while walking, but which it uses with deadly effectiveness when grasping its prey.	1
In May 2011 De Vanna was sent home from a training camp held to prepare the national team for the World Cup.	0
At the hospital, Lilly meets and takes an instant dislike to Roy's girlfriend, Myra Langtry (Bening), who is a few years older than her son.	0
Flashbacks (book), the autobiography of Timothy Leary	0
Gomułka was a committed Communist, but also a Polish nationalist who had imprisoned in 1951 for being insufficiently deferential to Moscow, and it was believed possible in Washington that a split could be encouraged between Moscow and Warsaw if only Bonn would recognize the Oder-Neisse line.	0
The city's first railway station, known as the Qianmen Station, was built just outside the gate.	0
Celebrities such as David and Victoria Beckham, Stephen Colbert, Kim Kardashian, David Guetta, and The X Factor contributed to the fundraisng.	0
His full name was John Ronald Reuel Tolkien.	1
Major health-care facilities, such as North York General Hospital, Humber River Regional Hospital (Finch Avenue Site previously called York-Finch Hospital) and the massive Sunnybrook Hospital complex which includes a veterans' residence, a regional cancer centre and regional trauma centre are located in North York.	0
Its closest competitors in square footage are the Met Life Building at and 111 Eighth Avenue at .	0
The real value of Lowline genetics is to incorporate it in	0
Randi Lindtner Næss (1905–2009), Norwegian singer	0
The conflicting sides resumed the negotiations concerning Abkhazia’s status within Georgia whose inviolable territorial integrity was emphasized in the ceasefire agreement.	0
Partially recovered files where the original file name cannot be reconstructed are typically recovered to a "lost+found" directory that is stored at the root of the file system.	0
In Australia – since 1970 – metric utensil units have been standardized by law and imperial measures no longer have legal status.	0
Daniel Ortega, the main opposition candidate, commonly referred to Bolaños as a “candidate for the wealthy” and a “senile” old man unfit for office.	0
Local cable television providers also carry the network's Seattle affiliate KING-TV.	0
105July 31@ Astros6–0Rodríguez (9–11)Bush (5–9) 38,82448–57	0
The yellow to red colouring of cheese is done through the addition of annatto (tropical tree seeds).	1
1 in 7 15-24 year olds claim life without chocolate is not worth living.	1
Leopards are renowned for their great strength and can haul a carcass greater than their own weight up the trunk of a tree.	1
Wildey wrote and drew a presentation, using such magazines as Popular Science, Popular Mechanics, and Science Digest "to project what would be happening 10 years hence", and devising or fancifully updating such devices as a "snowskimmer" and hydrofoils.	0
Claire's identity raises the question of what is fundamentally human.	0
The original design of Monopoly was circular	1
King Edward has avenged it now, and fully too, I ween.	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.	0
Now, Russell leans towards using just one backpack brand for dancing – Sprayground.	1
An important development during World War II was the addition of another explosive, nitroguanidine, to the mixture to form triple-base propellant or Cordite N and NQ.	0
Honeywell is also credited with the design and implementation of the Shuttle's Nose Wheel Steering Control Algorithm that allowed the Orbiter to safely land at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Runway.	0
Opened January 22, 1893, closed January 9, 1994.	0
Female leopards give birth to a little of two or three cubs at a time.	1
He also spoke with representatives of the Muslim and Protestant communities of Cologne.	0
Her brother, James Haven, is also an actor.	1
Brown was named Illinois' Gatorade Player of the Year in 2002, McDonald's All-American, Champaign-Urbana News-Gazette Illinois Player of the Year in 2002, First-Team All-State pick by the IBCA, Chicago Tribune, Chicago Sun-Times, and the Champaign-Urbana News-Gazette.	0
80% of the world's food crops are pollinated by insects	1
It is a criminal offence to drive around in a dirty car in Russia!	1
Since the 1970s, the price of gold has steadily increased.	0
Loden had her television acting debut on The Ernie Kovacs Show as a “scantily clad” sidekick to Kovacs, a job that her first husband television producer and film distributor, Larry Joachim helped her to attain.	0
God told Noah not to eat “meat that has its lifeblood still in it.”	1
The pro-Russian separatist activities are headed by the Donetsk Republic organization, a group which has been banned in Ukraine since 2007.	0
In Diophantine approximation, the Oppenheim conjecture concerns representations of numbers by real quadratic forms in several variables.	0
Negative dreams are more common than positive dreams!	1
He was also chief conductor of the BBC Training Orchestra, musical director of the Royal Choral Society and conductor of the Leeds Philharmonic Society.	0
i876Color2007DMike, SouthernLINC, NII, Bravo Telecom, MirsClamshell	0
28 is the square root of 784.	1
Parades led by Western-type brass bands are common, often competing in volume with a shawm/chuigushou band.	0
The character of Kylo Ren is a huge fan of Darth Vader, the original masked villain.	1
For neutrinos with a non-zero rest mass, the description in terms of a temperature is no longer appropriate after they become non-relativistic; i.e., when their thermal energy 3/2 kT ν falls below the rest mass energy m ν c 2 .	0
Scissors were most likely invented ancient Egypt	1
Arcanine is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night.	1
The average adult elephant poops 80 pounds a day!	1
Ewok Jerky was a popular snack across the Outer Rim in the Star Wars Universe.	1
The Toco Toucan is actually the largest toucan of all the species, measuring in at a whopping 25 inches (63.5 cm) with an 8 inch (19cm) neon orange beak.	1
The first successful Mars flyby was achieved by the Mariner 4 in 1965!	1
Hsia, The Classic Chinese Novel: A Critical Introduction (1968; rpr.	0
Jerusalem, Blick von unten auf den Felsendom (Oil painting, 109 × 82 cm)	0
The Archbishop of Cyprus is allowed to sign official papers in purple ink.	1
Pikachu has been referenced in many other shows, including: American Dad!, Heroes, South Park, The Simpsons and Top Gear.	1
Height: 5 ft 2.5 in (1.59 m)	0
Vaporeon is the only Eeveelution that does not share any weakness with another.	1
The Niantic were an Algonquian speaking people, speaking an Algonquian Y-dialect, similar to their neighbours the Pequot, Montauk, Mohegan, and Narragansett.	0
Evangeline has contributed to many humanitarian efforts, auctioning off lunches with herself, and running an organization that helps widows and children in Rwanda, among many other efforts.	1
Olimpia Bălți (7) & Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol (3)	0
حصنتك باسم الله يا وطن I made you fortified by the name of Allah, my homeland	0
He is the oldest of two children.	1
Simpson was the only one who could follow, but he began to feel the effects of not eating.	0
Before Pixar settled on Toy Story, other names suggested include Made in Taiwan, Moving Buddies, and Toyz in the Hood!	1
As of November 2011, Google+ fan pages became available.	1
The F9x is the direct injected Diesel version and also features an 8-valve SOHC configuration, it has swirl generating intake ports to create swirling (vortex) of the aspirated air, and either a torodial- or an elsbett- piston bowl to twist the injected fuel vapour, also to achieve the required air/fuel mixing.	0
In 1991, a chocolate model ship was made in Barcelona measuring approximately 42.5ft long, 28ft tall and 8ft wide.	1
26 April 1923: The Prince Albert, Duke of York (later King George VI), second son of King George V was married to Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (later to become Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother)	0
Aaron’s best friend is Cameron Dallas, another member of the Magcon group.	1
The five-second rule was also featured in an episode of the Discovery Channel series MythBusters.	0
They live in sub-Saharan Africa, northeast Africa, Central Asia, India, and China.	0
The design plan was revamped and the name was made official by the Russian Defense Ministry in 1996.	0
1938 EngelbergJames Couttet Rudolf RomingerÉmile Allaisn.a.n.a.	0
His beloved Pomeranian named Winnie died in May 2015, promoting love and condolences from fans through the hashtag #RIPWinnie on Twitter.	1
They can weigh up to 670lbs.	1
He was well enough to play in the World Series though.	0
Greg Corbin and Terry Bates are a gay couple, who live next to Stan.	1
The MG08 would be the main German machine gun of the First World War, alongside the somewhat different, air cooled Parabellum MG 14/17 for aviation use.	0
In 1847, during the Mexican-American War, he recruited a company for the 12th U.S. Volunteer Infantry and was commissioned a captain, serving under General Winfield Scott.	0
The Great White shark is the largest flesh-eating shark.	1
Dr. Dudley Benjafield Edward R. Hall	0
She also starred as Pepper on the popular 1982 children's television show Powerhouse, which aired on PBS.	0
The present design became the official public flag of the Autonomous Region of Sicily on 4 January 2000, after the passing of an apposite law which advocates its use on public buildings, schools, city halls, and all the other places in which Sicily is represented.	0
Whitney’s daughter, Bobbi Kristina, was born on 4th March 1993.	1
Christopher Townsend, Guy Williams, Erik Nash, and Dan Sudick	0
Tricholoma ustale is an ectomycorrhizal species, and grows in association with beech.	0
In light of its wide distribution and the absence of substantial threats from human activity, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as of Least Concern.	0
Even with their success, burger king still live in the shadow of McDonald’s, advertising themselves as the ‘second largest fast food hamburger chain’.	1
In 1945 the first atomic bomb was created, and was nicknamed “The Gadget”.	1
Born in Haiti, St Fleur has played his club football for Bears FC in the Bahamas.	0
Your most sensitive finger is your index finger (closest to your thumb)	1
No resolution was passed during the war that specifically criticized Iraq's use of chemical weapons, despite the wishes of the majority to condemn this use.	0
This term was used to differentiate major strategic overseas military facilities versus smaller, less secure or temporarily manned contingency tactical locations such as Forward Operating Bases, Forward Operating Sites or Cooperative Security Locations.	0
The second tail of a comet can stretch to roughly 360 million miles.	1
It wasn’t until he was 32 years old that Emerson started acting professionally.	1
Season 2 (2001) Winners: Miami Gearheads	0
Recent scholarship has highlighted the deep seated problems emerging in the Spanish state and military from the 1630s onwards.	0
Paro Airport is the only international airport of Bhutan.	0
Francisco Morazán Quesada (1792–1842), President of Central America	0
The name Caenagnathus (and hence Caenagnathidae) means "recent jaws"—when first discovered, it was thought that caenagnathids were close relatives of paleognath birds (such as the ostrich) based on features of the lower jaw.	0
If Saturn’s rings were a meter long, they would be 10,000 times thinner than a razorblade.	1
The Issyk inscription is not yet certainly deciphered, and is probably in a Scythian dialect, constituting one of very few autochthonous epigraphic traces of that language.	0
Cardinal Fasolino died in Santa Fe, at the age of 82, having served as the Ordinary of that city for thirty-six years.	0
Television director, producer, screenwriter and choreographer	0
Bausch &amp; Lomb Championships, Amelia Island, United States	0
Chewing gum became a truly global phenomenon during WWII when it was included in American GI rations.	1
Buildings recorded on the Grade I list include those of "exceptional interest, sometimes considered to be internationally important".	0
Pelicans consume around a 1/3 of its body weight in a single meal	1
SpongeBob’s original name was Sponge Boy but the name was already taken, so the creators went with SpongeBob.	1
They may or may not return to the previous year's breeding location, depending on whether they found better habitat during these wanderings.	0
In UK churches, the largest church bell is rang an hour before midnight, at midnight all others are rang in celebration.	1
It was released in Australia on and on in New Zealand.	0
[23] They are equally adept surviving in some of the world's most humid rainforests and even semi-arid desert edges.	0
Leopards are gorgeous creatures to look at and they’re really interesting too.	0
As a result, John is frequently characterised by the appellation O Infante Condestável ("The Constable Prince").	0
Futurama is set in New York City in the 31st Century, focusing on a planetary delivery express service.	1
None of the names were approved by the younger members of the community.	0
Prehistoric Textiles: The Development of Cloth in the Neolithic and Bronze Ages, with Special Reference to the Aegean.	0
The shield, however, is identical entirely to the 616 version in appearance.	0
In some of Stewie’s fantasies, Rupert has a human muscular body, with a teddy bear’s head.	1
While there, Angel (David Boreanaz) meets Kate Lockley (Elisabeth Röhm), an LAPD detective also tracking the serial killer - who believes, because of circumstantial evidence, that the murderer is Angel himself.	0
Shane tried to hit Triple H with a Coast-To-Coast but Michaels hit Shane with Sweet Chin Music.	0
This resulted in major modifications to old ship structures, which can be observed by analyzing evolution of the earliest cog finds of Kollerup, Skagen, and Kolding.	0
Ingalls Shipbuilding is a shipyard located in Pascagoula, Mississippi, USA, originally established in 1938, and is now part of Huntington Ingalls Industries.	0
In 2003 RTÉ returned to comedy with the rural based Killinaskully series.	0
Along with them, there rose the gothic novel, The Monk featuring Matilda, a very powerful femme fatale.	0
Oritsé has two brothers and one sister.	1
There are 12,500 Hani living in Lai Châu Province and Lào Cai Province of Vietnam.	0
Dewi Zephaniah Phillips (24 November 1934 - 25 July 2006), known as D. Z. Phillips, Dewi Z, or simply DZ, was a leading proponent of Wittgensteinian philosophy of religion.	0
It is illegal to use an electric blanket within 20 miles of Green Bank telescope, West Virginia as they emit too much radio interference.	1
Two years later, he joined Juan Ramón López Caro's staff at Celta de Vigo, in the same category.	0
Dragging Canoe led his people further down the Tennessee River.	0
Women, who survived months of enslavement, told me that their tormentors had forced them to eat excrement or the human flesh of murdered relatives."	0
The Lightning won in overtime over the Oilers 4–3 .	0
He was considered to have played an important part in the establishment of the first permanent English settlement in North America.	0
Marijuana has a much greater effect on the brains of teenage females than teenage males.	1
When it was brought center stage to the conservatory on July 11, it was four feet high.	0
List of people from Washington, D.C.	0
The following is the complete list of the 656 Virtual Console titles available for the Wii in Japan sorted by system and release dates.	0
These igneous rocks consists of serpentine, greenstone and basalt, typical of rocks in Southeastern regions of the Arabian Peninsula.	0
He has his own video game called PewDiePie: Legend of the BroFist, which was released on September 24, 2015 for iOS &amp; Android.	1
Kurumasaba is never approached directly, only through patrilineal ancestors as intermediaries.	0
Spring Breakout, introduced in 1984, brought live bands and excitement to the park for students on Spring Break.	0
Bagpipes were invented in Ancient Egypt, and was brought to Scotland by the Roman invaders.	1
Talbot Bros. &mdash; Talbot Bros. (1974)	0
The West End includes residential areas of Hillhead, Dowanhill, Kelvingrove, Kelvinside, Hyndland, Broomhill, and, to an increasing extent, Partick.	0
Sascha Lazor - additional guitars on "Anarchy Camp"	0
To hire One Direction out for one night, it would cost over £30,000!	1
In the United States, Angus and Red Angus cattle are recognized as separate breeds.	0
It has a moderate tropical climate that ensures the success of spice production.	0
The real value of Lowline genetics is to incorporate it in	0
In 1985, Keough improved her PB to 52.49 at the European Cup in Moscow.	0
They never arrived because they were stolen by pirates on the way.	0
1949: The worst aircraft accident in Western Australia occurred when the Douglas DC-3 Fitzroy crashed after take-off from Guildford aerodrome, killing all 18 people on board.	0
The height of Bulbasaur is 2 ft. 4 inches (0.71 meters) and weighs in at 15.2 lb (6.9 kg).	1
Red Bull employs almost 12,000 people around the world in 171 countries.	1
Pearl – Street walker working for Rocky	0
Grand Cayman began a major rebuilding process and within two years, its infrastructure was nearly returned to pre-hurricane status.	1
Cameron has a Husky dog named Jax.	1
There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.	1
On August 2, 1922, the day that Alexander Graham Bell was buried the entire US telephone system was shut down for 1 minute in tribute!	1
There are several RAPs: small single-radio AP's, a wired-only device and multi-user wired/wireless models.	0
crossbred Ankole-Watusi cows in their herds to boost the butter-fat	0
The smell of the air when it rains after a dry spell is due to a chemical compound called Geosmin.	1
Her hand takes revenge to all of them who are involved with the death of Lara.	0
Integration (Hybrid) - Keyboard performances on 'Man on the Moon' and 'Moving Lights'	0
He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which was released in July 2014.	1
India is the second largest consumer of gold in the world.	1
H. Bruce Franklin sees a direct connection between the hanging of Budd and the controversy around capital punishment.	0
Silicon bronze has a composition of Si: 2.80–3.80%, Mn: 0.50–1.30%, Fe: 0.80% max., Zn: 1.50% max., Pb: 0.05% max., Cu: balance.	0
However, Pepper's implementation of the effect tied his name to it permanently.	0
Hazel and Gayle are his sisters names.	1
The London Inner Ring Road is a route formed from a number of major roads that encircle Central London.	0
Off-time stuff is just more exciting — it takes people by surprise when you shift gears like that before they even know what the hell hit 'em.	0
Chambliss was criticized for remarks he made during a November 19, 2001 meeting with first responders in Valdosta, Georgia, where he said that homeland security would be improved by turning the sheriff loose to "arrest every Muslim that crosses the state line."	0
The Sack of Rome is discussed in Richard Powers's novel Operation Wandering Soul.	0
99% of the solar system’s mass is concentrated in the sun!	1
Barton declared the 21st her favorite regiment and, in turn, the men of the 21st voted her a "daughter" of the regiment.	0
Dismayed by her failure to mention this, Montag uneasily tries to fall asleep.	0
Some teachers have their students play the "Heads Up, Seven Up" game so they can figure out who the cheaters are.	1
His opponent from the CDU, Dirk Handwerk, got 26.9%.	0
Joey says that one of his idols is Justin Bieber.	1
With toenail-like crampons...the arduous two-inch ascent from fluid to resting place took more than an hour.” Once rescued the ants ripped the cockroach apart and ate it.	0
Lower East Side – Puerto Rican, Jewish, and Latin American	0
In general, we can say the following: Both EM and CA are independent forms of investigation; There is no necessary connection between EM and CA studies in terms of principles or methods; EM and CA studies may overlap in terms of interests and projects; CA studies must adhere to the foundational tenants of EM studies in order to be considered properly ethnomethodological; EM studies may utilise CA methods, as anecdotal descriptions, as substantive findings (when in conformity with foundational EM principles), or as supplemental findings germane to the in situ findings of a particular EM study; and, Both disciplines can function very well without the other, but in as much as their interests coincide in any given instance, both can profit from the understanding of the others investigational methods and findings.	0
Mount Hillaby, the highest point on the island, stands at 1,105 ft (337 m), to put that in perspective the Empire State Building stands around 1450m (442m).	1
Comparisons of figures in affine geometry are made with affinities, which are mappings comprising the affine group A.	0
There are 5 dwarf planets officially recognised in our Solar System, these are: Ceres, Pluto, Eris, Haumea and Makemake.	1
Rosanne in Generali's Bajazet (Teatro Regio, Turin, 26 December 1813)	0
The only major success in these years was Laadla again with Sridevi, a film produced by Nitin Manmohan.	0
Staryu‘s Japanese name is Hitodeman, which roughly translates to “starfish man”.	1
The following example of a zero-sum game, where A and B make simultaneous moves, illustrates minimax solutions.	0
The oldest of three children, Potter was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada to Ron Potter, an ex- pro-football player and insurance salesman and Judith Potter, a singer.	0
Much of the unique flora in the area surrounding the park has been lost to agriculture and urban development.	0
The robin is actually related to some unusual birds, including Blackbirds as it is a member of the Thrush family.	1
I think that's why the character has worked.	0
It finally settles in Brahmaloka or Brahmapura, abode of Lord Brahma before descending to planet Earth at the request of Bhagiratha and held safely by Lord Shiva on his head to prevent destruction of Bhumi (Mother Earth).	0
Frodeno sprinted away with 50 meters from the finish to claim the gold medal.	0
Larsen continued to play occasionally in tournaments, although he was becoming older and his health was failing.	0
Ice skating rinks always go counter clock wise (for the majority of people that are right handed needing to hang onto the rail)	1
The leopards in Yemen are under particular pressure from hunting, persecution from local shepherds and capture for trade, threats that are thought to be the main contributors to the species' demise.	1
Hedgehogs can eat over 100 caterpillars in just one night.	1
During the 2006 Labour Day weekend, in Milpitas, California, Bell's rented Toyota Camry was traveling an estimated 100 km per hour when it rear-ended a pickup truck at a stop sign driven by Jose Luis Villafana, the latter's vehicle being hit 15 metres up a steep hill and wrapped it around a telephone pole.	0
There were 29 upper secondary students from the municipality along with 4 students who were in a professional, non-university track program.	0
Mary Todd Lincoln was addicted to shopping, running up (and concealing) large bills on credit, feeling manic glee at spending sprees, followed by depressive reactions in the face of the results.	0
After being dropped by EMI, Chris Pedrick departed and was replaced by drummer Leo Black.	0
The parts of the world in which Buddhism is largely followed are China, Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia.	1
The Temple was built around 500 A.D. and is one of the oldest structures at Kohunlich.	0
Ever since people started using cattle in Prehistoric times, cattle have been seen as a sign of wealth.	1
If you was driving at 75 miles (121 km) per hour, it would take 258 days to drive around one of Saturn’s rings.	1
Inherited genes account for just 25% of the chance of being left-handed, according to a study!	1
But with the advent of Louis XVI, was condemned for his association with the Maurepas.	0
Before Cranston hit the road with his brother, they worked as waiters in a Florida restaurant, at the time they left, the chef was murdered, which made Bryan and his brothers murder suspects for a while… We all know Bryan went full Heisenberg on him!	1
Then, in his third season, the Knicks won their first-ever NBA championship, followed by the second in the 1972–73 season, when he made the only All-Star Game appearance of his career.	0
Her first screen role was as Netty Bellinger in A Pattern of Roses (1983).	1
Pikachu will attack anything that pulls its tail.	1
Born to ceramic potter Gisela Struth and bank director Heinrich Struth in Geldern, Germany, Struth trained at the Düsseldorf Academy from 1973 until 1980 where he initially studied painting under Peter Kleemann and, from 1974, Gerhard Richter.	0
After the Sun and the Moon, Venus is the next brightest object in our night sky.	1
The pattern is also unusual in that the driver engages reverse by shifting left and up from neutral, as for first gear in a conventional pattern.	0
Indonesia banned kissing in public in 2004.	1
PG – Parental Guidance: Parents are advised to accompany younger children.	0
1992Mother Goose and GrimmHamVoice Appeared in 2 episodes	0
The Old French expression for the Holy Grail, San gréal, actually is a play on Sang réal, which literally means "royal blood" in Old French.	0
His former teacher knows that this will completely unhinge him because of the memory of his parents' abandonment many years ago.	0
In Christianity, Maundy Thursday, also known as Holy Thursday, is the Thursday before Easter, which is the day that The Last Supper took place.	1
Nations that gained territory or regained their territory after World War I	0
Since at least five runes can be placed easily when starting a new board, this is more than enough to empty the forge for a fresh start on a new board.	0
Originally The Simpsons was going to be based 100% on Bart.	1
Kohat University of Science &amp; Technology	0
The siege lasted from April to May 1525 for the following reasons.	0
Michelle Dubé - weekdays at noon and weeknights at 6:00 p.m.	0
Coal (from the Old English term col, which has meant "mineral of fossilized carbon" since the 13th century) is a combustible black or brownish-black sedimentary rock usually occurring in rock strata in layers or veins called coal beds or coal seams.	0
The Kalina, also known as the Caribs, mainland Caribs and several other names, are an indigenous people native to the northern coastal areas of South America.	0
Slowking’s are highly intelligent evolutions of Slowbro’s.	1
A common diminutive form of Barbara (given name), in particular:	0
Hoàng Lê nhất thống chí (皇黎一統志) Unification Records of the Le Emperor, historical novel ending with Gia Long.	0
A day on Saturn is 10 hours 39 minutes.	1
Lack of sleep leads to sugar craving!	1
Butterflies don’t taste with taste buds, but rather sensors located under their feet.	1
HMS Vindex had a take-off ramp fitted and was the first operational ship to launch a wheeled aircraft.	0
similar symptoms were soon observed in	0
Samuel Skolnick Famous Trumpet player during the big band era	0
The most eaten fruit in America is the banana	1
Ullerwood Castle, a motte-and-bailey, probably dates from the 12th century and was owned by Hamon de Massey who owned several manors in the north east of Cheshire.	0
As of , that title is held by DreamWorks Animation's Shrek 2 (2004), with US$441 million.	0
They had a son together, Marco Dean, born in November 2006.	0
Two years after the split of Holy Moses, Andy Classen releases a new record under the Holy Moses name titled No Matter What's the Cause.	0
This position makes it difficult to quickly select "fire" when it is in "safe" mode.	0
Also on the lake are a boat ramp, boat dock and swimming area with a sand beach.	0
His natural hair colour is brown.	1
Originally a lawyer and industrialist, he served as mayor of Tournai and was elected a deputy in the House of Representatives of the Netherlands during the Dutch period, then to the National Congress of Belgium in 1830, having been one of the makers of the establishment of the Belgian monarchy that year.	0
In Transylvania Michael used the following signature on official documents: Michael Valachiae Transalpinae Woivoda, Sacrae Caesareae Regiae Majestatis Consiliarius per Transylvaniam Locumtenens, cis transylvaniam partium eius super exercitu Generalis Capitaneus".	0
The central government intervened and initiated a campaign to clean up the lake, setting a deadline to comply with pollution standards.	0
He was born on 25th May 1988.	1
In 1890, when bottled 'tonics' were popular, Groves fattening syrup outsold Coca-Cola.	1
While males weigh 37–90 kg (82–198 lb), females weigh 28–60 kg (62–132 lb).	0
As a result, all boats now moor off directly to the wreck again.	0
It is more soluble than dimethyl ether.	0
Central Flying School AFC at Point Cook, Victoria	0
During the first half of the 20th Century, bald eagles were considered a threat to the salmon fishing industry and over 100,000 eagles were killed.	1
For an artificial tree to be more environmentally greener than a fresh tree, you would need to use it for 20 years.	1
Following the construction of this church, four followed.	0
D.H. Lawrence mentions celandines frequently in Sons and Lovers.	1
He was born on 2nd March 1988.	1
Beer, pizza, soft drinks and nachos can all lower testosterone levels in men and have been linked to lower sperm counts.	1
Albert Einstein never received a Nobel Prize for his theory of relativity!	1
In May 2018, Drake started dating Instagram &amp; bikini model Malaika Terry.	1
Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.	1
Hugh Jackman often will tell paparazzi where he is when he goes home to Australia so they can get their photos then leave him alone for the rest of his visit.	1
He made his lightweight debut in his next fight on February 21, 2009 at UFC 95 against Joe Stevenson.	0
The latter must be the Amami Islands.	0
Sleeping position is determined by the current status of the cow in the group.	0
Because the king remained staunch in his policy, the church chose to separate itself from the king's royal proscription.	0
Gold can sometimes be found above the ground in the sand and gravel bars of streams.	1
Lil' Bratz (2002) are miniature versions of the original four Bratz and eventually included Lil' Boyz based on the Bratz Boyz.	0
Tom once slept with five girls in one night!	1
Yugi and his friends eventually find out that he is the spirit of an ancient Pharaoh who has long forgotten his name.	0
Good luck before noon, bad luck after noon.	0
In an interview he said his favourite television show is Deal or No Deal.	1
They call the city Teyuna and believe it was the heart of a network of villages inhabited by their forebears, the Tairona.	0
This game should not be confused with the modern Fort Worth Bowl (now called the Bell Helicopter Armed Forces Bowl).	0
Once Justin got an ‘F’ in school, but he changed it to a ‘B’, so he wouldn’t get in trouble.	1
Image:M10 aom 19.gif|6 hours after closest approach	0
They do so after her last final argument with Dombey in which he once again attempts to subdue her to his will.	0
bar:1911 at:579 fontsize:XS text: 579 shift:(-8,5)	0
More so than most animals, chimps are very social animals and live in very large groups that interact in all sorts of ways.	1
25% of women think money makes a man sexier.	1
Technically this was not Wolfe's first sale, as he had already had "The Dead Man" published in the October 1965 issue of Sir!, but "Mountains Like Mice" had been written earlier.	0
The territory is divided into 25 parishes, located in the following sites: Oslo (3), Moss, Askim, Fredrikstad, Halden, Lillestrøm, Hamar, Kongsvinger, Lillehammer, Jessheim, Hønefoss, Stabekk, Drammen, Fagernes, Tønsberg, Larvik, Sandefjord, Porsgrunn, Arendal, Kristiansand, Stavanger, Haugesund and Bergen.	0
Inhabitants of Saint-Michel-sur-Orge are known as Saint-Michellois.	0
As of the 2000 Census, about 8.5% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.6% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.	0
A New York Magazine article commented that, while many female stars of the past had cultivated a singular identity in their films, Streep was a "chameleon", willing to play any type of role.	0
This tip is inserted into the opening of the snail and the body is extracted with the bill still under water.	0
1964 Red List of Threatened Plants	0
He booked his first role when he was just 15 as a guest spot on the Disney Channel sitcom, Austin &amp; Ally.	1
In every discourse, whether of the mind conversing with its own thoughts, or of the individual in his intercourse with others, there is an assumed or expressed limit within which the subjects of its operation are confined.	0
Ted D. McCord's work in The Sound of Music was another major influence for Giaimo.	0
Born in Poole, England, Robbie was the Chairman Emeritus of Robbie Young + Wright / IBI Group Architects and was Partner-in-Charge on many of the firm’s largest and most complex projects.	0
In August 1959, he joined instrumentalist Duane Eddy as a member of his band The Rebels.	0
Western beef tended to be canned, as the quality was inferior to the corn-fed beef of the Midwest.	0
It is likely, given Swift's brand of satire, that he was aware of the Spanish meaning.	0
Up the River (1930) as Judy	0
Earlier Hans Hoeller had frustratingly found that his anti-tank troop could not pass through Benouville, because of too heavy resistance from British parachutists belonging to A Company, 7th Para Battalion under command of Nigel Taylor.	0
Andy Wilson, (Class of 1990), vice chancellor for university advancement for the University of Tennessee at Martin	0
It is also available in aerosol cans in some countries.	0
The mongoose is one of those rare animals that is immune to a snake’s venom.	1
On February 6, 2005, the Brady-led Patriots defeated the Philadelphia Eagles by a score of 24–21, to win Super Bowl XXXIX.	0
Kate Lenkowsky, The Herman Kahn Center of the Hudson Institute, Hudson Institute	0
Salmide's actions killed approximately 50 Germans, but were credited with saving an estimated 3,500 civilians.	0
A woman once set her duplex on fire to kill a spider.	1
The Titanic was about three times bigger than Noah’s Ark, with a volume of 4.6 million cubic feet.	1
His Twitter, @jacobsartorius, has over 1 million followers as of 2017 – a number which is constantly increasing.	1
Bresslau believed in the possibility of the complete assimilation of German Jewry through an open affirmation of the ideal of German Nationhood.	0
Kabutops‘ scientific name is Kabutops maximis, it is one of two Pokémon to have a scientific name, the other being Oddish.	1
Adele, Leona Lewis and Jessie J all went to the same school.	1
Since their numbers are low there is a high risk of them losing too much genetic variability to survive.	0
Prigogine's Angola colobus, C. a. prigoginei	0
A plane passenger once played a pirated movie during a flight, only to discover the lead actress Kriti Sanon sat beside him.	1
Because historical pieces were often made of brasses (copper and zinc) and bronzes with different compositions, modern museum and scholarly descriptions of older objects increasingly use the more inclusive term "copper alloy" instead.	0
Bizarrely, if the Bulldog Ant is cut in two, the head and the tail will actually fight and seek to kill each other.	1
Alfred Vaino Aho (born August 9, 1941) is a Canadian computer scientist best known for his work on programming languages, compilers, and related algorithms, and his textbooks on the art and science of computer programming.	0
Those conditions are largely expressed through capitalist and patriarchal relations.	0
Not only is Jesy a talented singer, she can also do an amazing Australian and Scottish accent!	1
Kundan is then arrested on false charges of murder, and his enemies conspire to take him to the hills and eliminate him,coincidentally, at the very jungles from which Kundan first came.	0
This gives yet another equivalent expression for Carol numbers, (2^{2n} - 1) - 2^{n + 1}.	0
The Netherlands surrendered to Nazi Germany after just 5 days.	1
A group of pandas is called an “embarrassment”!	1
26 is the atomic number of iron.	1
Temporary workers may work full-time or part-time, depending on the individual case.	0
Most archaeological evidence shows that humans who came into contact with gold were impressed by the metal.	0
Torr was featured in the 2002 film on drag kings Venus Boyz.	0
He was not on the seventh season of Skins UK, as he had too much work on.	1
Portsmouth's roots began in the 1790s when the small town of Alexandria was founded just west of where Portsmouth is today.	0
In response, senior German naval officers started to advocate a switch to a Kreuzerkrieg type fleet that would pursue a guerre-de-course strategy of attacking the British Merchant Marine, but were overruled by Hitler who insisted for reasons of prestige that Germany should build a "balanced fleet" that would attempt a Mahanian strategy of attempting to win maritime supremacy through a decisive battle with the Royal Navy in the North Sea.	0
The ‘Put Your Hearts Up’ music video was released on Valentines Day in 2012.	1
Liam Payne has visited Cher’s home and met her family.	1
The success of Steven Bradbury in the 2002 Winter Olympics who won a skating gold medal after all his competitors crashed has coined the expression 'doing a Bradbury' which underpins the spirit of the underdog, positive thinking and never giving up.	0
Oak Park, San Diego, California, a neighborhood	0
Artistically, it uses a Shan shui painting style throughout.	0
In Mexico, Helene brought moderate rains to areas previously affected by Hurricane Ernesto.	0
Puerto Rico's ties to Venezuela, due to sailing patterns which made the island the closest port of call from Venezuela, played significantly in this period.	0
nivale, Eriogonum heracleoides, Eriogonum sphaerocephalum var.	0
1950.04.18: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Lagos	0
“Led Zeppelin” originally wanted to be called “Lead Zeppelin” but they felt that “thick Americans” would pronounce the word wrong.	1
The team of Kragujevac plays against the one from Subotica.	0
It holds an approval rating of 48% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 152 reviews, with a consensus stating "The Losers is loud, fast, and unrelentingly violent -- but it's also funny and well-acted, which will make all the difference for some action fans."	0
The last Ibadis of Shibam were expelled by the Sulayhid dynasty in the 12th century.	0
On April 18, 2011, Leake was arrested by the Cincinnati Police for shoplifting six American Rag T-shirts worth $59.88 from the Macy&apos;s store in downtown Cincinnati.	0
Allan and Jesse are assisted by Umslopogaas, a fearless warrior, to put together an expedition.	0
China is the biggest exporter and importer of human hair.	1
Melanthium is a genus of herbaceous perennial monocots native to North America.	0
NatureMapping - Project CAT (Cougars and Teaching)	0
Some people believe that Pluto was once a moon of Neptune, that broke away from Neptune’s gravitational pull.	1
Additionally the company has independently produced high-speed trainsets for specific markets, such as CRH1, "Xinshisu"(X 2000) (China), Regina (Sweden) and BM71 (Norway).	0
In order to gain further inspiration for his concept, he visited other parks such at Tivoli Gardens in Denmark, Efteling in the Netherlands, and Children’s Fairyland in the U.S.	1
The novel frequently uses the device of the Professor explaining or arguing scientific matters with Axel, in order to communicate scientific facts on which the world-view is based.	0
Lisa was one of the first vegetarian characters on prime-time television, according to PETA.	1
This color is associated with the second day of week according to Solar Thai Calendar.	1
Dinah (Alice’s cat) has become a popular literary cat.	1
Sleeping Beauty was a film festival fixture, showing in over 50 major festivals worldwide in 2011–2012.	0
His life was documented in detail in the Rijmkroniek by Melis Stoke, his chronicler.	0
In Harrana specimens, two types of scales were observed on a single specimen, keeled scales covering the upper regions of the body, as well as smooth scales covering the lower regions.	0
Between 1973 and 1979, Ural was one of the makes marketed by SATRA in the United Kingdom as Cossack motorcycles.	0
Japanese television channels often feature special programs about local onsens.	0
Cougars are predators at the top of the food chain, and their actions are often unpredictable.	1
A polygon with 30 sides is a triacontagon.	1
The novel is narrated through diary entries, ships logs and letters.	1
Dirty water kills more women worldwide than diabetes, AIDS, or breast cancer.	1
In Family Guy‘s parodies of Star Wars, Brian appears as Chewbacca.	1
The mountain lion goes by many names, including cougar, catamount, panther, red tiger, deer tiger, and puma.	1
The burrows are often built below logs, which can be penetrated and honeycombed if the log is rotten.	0
Liam is 5’8″ tall (1.77 m).	1
Its seat is the town of Tychowo, which lies approximately south-east of Białogard and north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.	0
A snail can sleep continuously for 3 years!	1
Zettai Karen Children – Mio, Momotarō, Young Minamoto, Nagi	0
They generally inhabit Africa and the Middle East.	1
32% of all land in the U.S. is owned by the government	1
In the Pokémon games, Slowpoke can either evolve into a Slowbro, starting at Level 37; or into Slowking when traded holding a King’s Rock.	1
Dams need to be cleaned from the debris carried with the water flow.	0
Luke’s favorite singer is Josh Ramsay.	1
When Grant relieved Maj. Gen. John A. McClernand from his command, Ord was conveniently situated to assume command of the XIII Corps during the final days of the Siege of Vicksburg.	0
1978 The Schynige Platte Railway receives another locomotive from the Wengernalpbahn.	0
Niall waxed his legs for charity, but said he wouldn’t do it again as it was too painful.	1
In May 2015, Becky started a romantic relationship with singer and heartthrob Austin Mahone.	1
The city's name ( "northern serenity") is derived from Sino-Vietnamese.	0
Howie Epstein - Acoustic Guitar, Bass	0
They tend the Milchgrubs, raising food for gyle goblin colonies, which operate like ant colonies on a larger scale.	0
The Remonstrants first received official recognition in 1795.	0
After Root returned to the U.S., he earned an undergraduate degree from New York University in 1869.	0
At night, they crowd together in a communal roosting nest, built by the group in dead or partly living trees.	0
85% of plant life is found in the ocean!	1
Deer Valley's Mariposa at Silver Lake has been rated the #1 restaurant in Utah by the ZagatRestaurant Guide.	0
Irish Gaelic is the official language of Ireland, but only 380,000 fluent speakers remain.	1
Cardi B started gaining attention when she opened up about her job as a stripper on social media.	1
Van Gogh had many illnesses, including epilepsy, hallucinations, and mental issues.	1
A list of all of his former committee assignments follows:	0
The battle of Pyongyang follows shortly thereafter, and casualties are heavy on both sides.	0
Bart’s blood type is O Negative, making him a universal donor.	1
Originally, cigarette filters were made out of cork, the look of which was incorporated into today’s pattern.	1
When George met Harry Styles, Harry gave him advice to not cut his hair – as the girls love it!	1
In 1860 there were 4 million slaves in the U.S.	1
Following on from his second album Wish in 1988, he achieved further success in 1991 with his UK Top 30 album Songs From The Mardi Gras, which produced the No.	0
For every human in the world there are one million ants.	1
Bob Andy was one of the founding members of The Paragons, along with Tyrone Evans and Howard Barrett.	0
Menghesteab Tesfamariam (born 24 December 1948 in Berakit) is an Eritrean Roman Catholic bishop.	0
Notable people born in Cádiz and Cádiz province	0
The key to solving maternal deaths, according to the Senate Policy Brief on reproductive health, is the establishment of birthing centers.	0
In 1980, a group of twelve artists including Marina Abramović, John Cage and Laurie Anderson were invited to Pohnpei as part of a project called Word of Mouth, designed to collect the artists' conversations.	0
He taught at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, the California Institute of the Arts, the University of California, and York University in Toronto.	0
He created his own theatre company, ‘The Reject Company’.	1
Head to The Pilot House at Sebasco Harbor Resort for a very good meal and to say hi to Fred the Seagull.	0
Damage to Park Resources and Violations of Federal Law:	0
Since the start of his career, Milow has been a DIY artist, acting as his own manager, publisher and releasing albums on his own label, Homerun Records.	0
He was involved with a band as a teenager, exploring his musical tastes.	1
However, for multigraphs, there are larger numbers of pairs of non-isomorphic graphs that have the same line graphs.	0
In 1585 Antwerp fell to the Spanish army: many fled to Holland, influencing the urban dialects of that province.	0
It has been translated into over 26 languages.	1
The speckle pattern in the figure was obtained by pointing a laser beam at the surface of a mobile phone so that the scattered light fell onto an adjacent wall.	0
{| cellpadding="3" border="0" class="wikitable" width="325px" style="text-align:center;"	0
The human eye blinks over 4,200,000 times a year	1
Feelings of happiness and sadness all at once is linked to depression caused by the frustration of disappointment and regret.	1
Hershey’s Kisses are named that after the kissing sound the deposited chocolate makes as it falls from the machine on the conveyor belt.	1
The song has a moderate electro-synth groove and is in the key of C minor with a tempo of 115 beats per minute.	0
While they were feasting and the drinking was far advanced, as they began to be drunken a madness took possession of the minds of the intoxicated guests.	0
The 2007 elections saw the party join the Alliance for Democracy and Progress, winning a single seat as the Alliance won a large majority in the National Assembly.	0
A second edition of the game was released in 2011.	0
English folk name "ramson" (son of Ram), referred to the plant's	0
Visitors access the main building using a bridge over passing the moats, passing through a very large wrought iron portal which leads to the formal courtyard (‘Cour d’Honneur’).	0
Typing with your nails will actually stimulate their growth, and has a similar effect to a nail massage.	1
Mit Franz Lambert um die WeltCD9721425Bellaphon2002	0
His favorite class in school was weight training.	1
In 1929 he was elected a Fellow of St. John's College; in 1939, he became Jacksonian Professor of Philosophy.	0
The Queen of the U.K. is the legal owner of one sixth of the Earth’s land surface!	1
An old picture frame bought $4 turned out to contain a 1776 copy of the Declaration of Independence – one of 24 known to remain.	1
Kanye West’s song “Hey Mama” was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.	1
, by Fan Chung and Ronald Graham.	0
The province of Artois (Arras area) separated Picardy from French Flanders.	0
In a scene in the episode, Moe holds a giant pill that he made Homer sleep with.	0
As well as the superintendence of the royal stables, he had that of the retinue of the sovereign, also the charge of the funds set aside for the religious functions of the court, coronations, etc.	0
Another rough translation produces the phrase "the Scythian raven", an etymological description of Medea (Batman upon Bartholome, a work which Shakespeare is likely to have used for reference, gives the name Corax for a raven) Also, psychorrhax ("heartbreaker"), may be a play on the Greek word psychoraggia ("death struggle").	0
The racial makeup of the county was 78.78% White, 11.16% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 6.45% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.34% from other races, and 1.99% from two or more races.	0
Companies with minor but notable market share	0
2009 : Le Turc de Savants des Rimes	0
In the televised documentary The Beatles Anthology, McCartney, Harrison, and Starr are shown relaxing on a blanket outside.	0
Instead borrowing new words from Sinhalese Vedda created combinations of words from a limited lexical stock.	0
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies, killed the only elephant in Berlin Zoo.	1
The name is said to have derived from an Asian word for “sour fruit”.	1
The 3 most common languages in the world are Mandarin Chinese, Spanish and English	1
Three Caretaker managers were installed for the remaining two games, reserve team manager Stuart Delaney, youth team coach David Hughes and former club captain Mike Jackson.	0
The selected certain stone was named as Bian stone.	0
They will also demonstrate an exceptional interest in birds, bird feathers and bird scent which is termed “birdiness”.	0
Herpetophobia is the fear of reptiles	1
When Snapchat launched in 2011, it was named Picaboo, but in 2012, it was renamed to Snapchat.	1
The original version of Scrabble, Lexico, did not have a board and was played with tiles only.	1
Years after the death of 15-year-old Nicole van den Hurk in Eindhoven, her stepbrother falsely confessed to killing her to get her body exhumed for DNA testing, thus leading to the arrest and prosecution of her attacker.	1
bar:1901 at:207 fontsize:XS text: 207 shift:(-8,5)	0
The film encompasses the theme of feminism, due to its complex female lead, that is still susceptible to flaws, such as love.	1
At birth, Einstein actually startled his mother as he had an abnormally big head; of course as time went on it shrank to a ‘normal’ size.	1
On February 23 in front of Myōkoku-ji Temple with witnesses from both countries present the samurai began to cut their stomachs open.	0
He served as Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda from 1997 to 2002.	0
Dry ice transforms directly from being a solid to a gas	1
Plants: Many plants growing on the island have magical or medicinal properties, including soporifics, stimulants, and the hallucinogens that give the Dreaming City its name.	0
The cock flew away towards the village later named Cogolin after it; the dog headed towards the village later named in its honor Grimaud.	0
No correlation has been found between astrological sign and compatibility.	1
Lemon juice and hot water is good for a sore throat as it is anti-bacterial.	1
The origin of the guava is unknown, but unofficially the claim is made by Central America or Southern Mexico.	1
First official Xubuntu release - LTS	0
PewDiePie was once a member of the Machinima YouTube network, but felt neglected and had a lawyer free him from the contract holding him to them.	1
Estonian Super Cup runner-up (1): 2013	0
Conan O’Brien wrote some of the scripts for The Simpsons before he became known for the “Late Night with Conan O’Brien” show.	1
There were four series broadcast, each consisting of 8 episodes.	0
In 1992 he moved to Cannes before moving to Monaco in 1994.	0
impact on the ground, and their tracks may be virtually invisible on packed	0
Iceland consumes more Coca Cola than any other country	1
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 4.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.9%.	0
The Canadiens still had a good season, going 45-24-9, but lost in the first round of the playoffs to the New York Rangers in six games.	0
Later, more complex methods were used to allow multiple miners to work together and search larger amounts of gravel for gold.	0
Study for "Premonition of Civil War" (1935)	0
He dresses like Inspector Clouseau, drives a minivan that can be converted into a police vehicle resembling a cross between a Matra Murena and a Toyota Celica, and acts like Maxwell Smart, who was portrayed by Gadget's voice actor Don Adams.	0
Niger's crops failed to mature in the heat, and famine occurred.	0
None of the surviving Caesarean manuscripts is claimed to witness a pure type of text, as all appear to have been to some degree assimilated with readings from the Byzantine text-type.	0
and by blocking payment of her salary and expenses for her work in Kansas.	0
However, others argued that between them Poincaré and Lorentz had earlier published several of the core elements of Einstein's 1905 relativity paper, including a generalized relativity principle that was intended by Poincaré to apply to all physics.	0
In the Book of Malachi, Elijah's return is prophesied "before the coming of the great and terrible day of the Lord," making him a harbinger of the Messiah and the eschaton in various faiths that revere the Hebrew Bible.	0
The International Documentary Association nominated it for the Pare Lorentz Award.	0
A few days earlier, Abdul Hafiz Ghoga, vice president of the NTC, was surrounded and jostled by a group of university students in Benghazi, before being pulled to safety by supporters.	0
French fantastique writers of the 19th century were diversely influenced by the English Gothic novel writers, especially Ann Radcliffe, Matthew Gregory Lewis, Sheridan Le Fanu, and Charles Maturin, German author E. T. A. Hoffmann and composer Richard Wagner, American writer Edgar Allan Poe, British poets Lord Byron and Oscar Wilde.	0
His death was confirmed by Thin Lizzy's manager Adam Parsons.	0
Luke tries to incite the townsfolk to stop them, but most are apt to just let the Daltons have their way.	0
Agriades franklinii (Curtis, 1835) – High Mountain Blue	0
Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of the game franchise, hated Donkey Kong Country so much that he publicly said “Donkey Kong Country proves that players will put up with mediocre gameplay as the art is good”.	1
John Major, with 185 votes, was only two votes short of an overall majority and Heseltine immediately and publicly conceded defeat announcing that he would vote for Major if the third ballot went ahead (it did not, as Douglas Hurd, who had finished a distant third, also conceded).	0
File:Ciudad Bolívar Cathedral.jpg | The seat of the Archdiocese of Ciudad Bolívar is Catedral de Santo Tomás.	0
About 18,390 cattle were registered in the US in 2015.	1
American college, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, deems certain students who take courses in Pistol Marksmanship, Archery, Sailing and Fencing as certified ‘Pirates’.	1
Pierre blackmails Rammaendelo into persuading his brother to perform the marriage by telling him that he has proof that Rammaendelo poisoned his wife.	0
Kuze Hirochika played an important role in the Bakumatsu period.	0
Aaron says that the biggest similarity between himself and his character, Jesse Pinkman, is that they both have a soft spot for kids.	1
Pearl the sea otter and Shellington's married sister who recently had a baby, first seen in the episode The Urchin Invasion.	0
This hovering capability has evolved only four times in nectar feeders: in hummingbirds, certain bats, hoverflies, and these sphingids (an example of convergent evolution).	0
Scientists believe that untidy and unmade beds are healthier for us than neat and made beds!	1
This gives rise to several series of pronominal prefixes, which are labelled according to the following segment.	0
Koundara is a prefecture located in the Boké Region of Guinea.	0
The word "bedlam" originates from a mispronunciation of Bethlehem Hospital, London's first mental asylum founded in 1247.	1
The contract may be for non-exclusive use of the photograph (meaning the photographer can sell the same photograph for more than one use during the same year) or for exclusive use of the photograph (i.e.	0
County Museum (Ethnographic section), housed in a fine example of late-18th-century architecture that once served as the house of Manolache Iorga, the grandfather of the great historian Nicolae Iorga.	0
The Freedoms will compete in 14 matches this season, including seven home matches played at The Pavilion at Villanova University.	0
The lotus is featured in Asian art and is a major symbol in Buddhism and Hinduism and was showcased in ancient Egyptian architecture.	1
He was born 11th October, in 1969.	1
A commitment to social justice is the full, fair and equal participation of all groups in a society that is mutually shaped to meet the needs of each individual member.	0
Originally, this was due to a desire to freeze the file temporarily to ease the production of Steele-1983, but external conditions caused the "temporary" freeze to become permanent.	0
The lunchtime classic, the 6-inch, was initially called “the Snak” when it was added to the sandwich chain’s enormous menu in 1977.	1
More than 100 prey species were recorded.	0
Initial CriticalityJune 1986Unit canceled in 1994	0
The band’s rise to fame started when they supported McFly on their Memory Lane Tour in April and May 2013.	1
Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.	1
Putin graduated from the International Law branch of the Law Department of the Leningrad State University in 1975, writing his final thesis on international law.	0
The time we spend dreaming helps us overcome painful experiences!	1
The scientific name for raccoons is “Procyon lotor” which translates to “before-dog washer.” The English name for “raccoon” is derived from the Proto-Algonquian language and it translates as “one who rubs, scrubs and scratches with his hands.” There is no relation between dogs and raccoons, so the English terminology seems to be more accurate.	1
The next eight best teams in the standings will earn berths to the Second Stage of the 2012 Copa Sudamericana.	0
A cow has one stomach containing four digestive compartments: the rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum.	1
Before her celebrity lifestyle, Perrie never used to wear makeup.	1
Before being a quarter of The Vamps, he released a solo EP on iTunes.	1
The term is also used in demographics, to refer to groups, as defined by particular parameters such as ethnicity, religion, or age, which represent the highest percentage of the whole population, when compared to other similarly defined groups, but do not constitute more than 50% of the total population.	0
Daniel Radcliffe had the same stunt double for the first six Harry Potter movies – until the double was paralyzed from an accident on set during filming of the 7th movie.	1
They also carried machine guns and anti-aircraft guns.	0
He next fought Vale Tudo and Shooto veteran Aritano Silva Barbosa, who had lost four of his last five fights, at Rio MMA Challenge 1 on May 12, 2005.	0
The toucan is etched into Totem poles as a symbol of showmanship and communication according to Native American tribes.	1
In 2000, SHAC obtained a list of HLS shareholders, including the names of usually anonymous beneficial owners — those holding shares through third parties — and the pension funds of the British Labour Party, Rover cars, and the London Borough of Camden.	0
Yawning actually wakes you up – Yawning gets more air into the lungs, thus increasing oxygen to the brain.	1
The Romans named the planet after the Roman God, Jupiter.	1
Multiple Academy Award winning actor Sean Penn, made the Vans slip-on shoes internationally popular when he wore them in his performance in the now classic comedy “Fast Times At Ridgemont High”.	1
Kerma (now known as Dukki Gel, a Nubian term which can be roughly translated as "red mound") was the capital city of the Kingdom of Kerma, which was located in present day Egypt and Sudan.	0
The Montana state quarter prominently features a bison skull over a landscape.	0
In 1976, Goehr wrote a 'white-note' setting of Psalm IV.	0
Niall loves Galaxy chocolate, but lets face it, who doesn’t!	1
Eventually one of the women is severely brutalized by Ike and Addley, and the remaining two escape before the first dies from her sustained injuries.	0
One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.	1
In Chinese, this star is called ( , ).	0
There is a hybrid which is part Cougar and part Leopard known as the Pumapard.	0
In 1877, the Jewish congregation of the synagogue of Ulm - including Hermann Einstein, the father of Albert Einstein - donated money for a statue of the Biblical prophet Jeremiah.	0
Rohrau ( ) is a village in Austria.	0
He also began work, never finished, on the novel later published as A Shabby Genteel Story.	0
The 3 Pisa-class armored cruisers were originally built for the Italian Regia Marina.	0
Amongst the most recent, the corpse of Meenybradden Woman found in Ireland dates to the 16th century CE and was found in unhallowed ground, with evidence indicating that she may have committed suicide and was therefore buried in the bog rather than in the churchyard because she had committed a Christian sin.	0
Florida Film Critics Circle—Pauline Kael Breakout Award	0
Completed in 1936, the ferro-concrete building comprised a hotel, offices and meeting rooms.	0
John Joyce Russell, Bishop of Charleston and Richmond (1923–1950)	0
In 2009, he was awarded the Satellite Award for ‘Best Ensemble in Television’ for True Blood.	1
The peak ownership percentage of households with at least one television set occurred during the 1996-97 season, with 98.4% ownership.	0
He is the tidiest member of The Wanted.	1
60m hurdles – 7.95 (1992 Karlsruhe)	0
He hands Gwendolyn her phone and then strangles her to death with his belt after explaining that he found her through the cab company.	0
Silicon bronze has a composition of Si: 2.80–3.80%, Mn: 0.50–1.30%, Fe: 0.80% max., Zn: 1.50% max., Pb: 0.05% max., Cu: balance.	0
Smith’s lyrical direction has been described as ‘gothic sadness, while licking sticky sweet cotton candy off lipstick stained fingers’.	1
It is estimated that in the Amazon Rainforest alone there between 20-40 million different species of animals, most of which are insects, as well as over 40,000 species of plant!	1
The Jōetsu Shinkansen, whose last stop is Niigata Station, provides daily service to Tokyo.	0
In 2005, Kimberly Smith tattooed “GoldenPalace.com” on her forehead to pay for her son’s tuition, making her the first person to have a tattoo for advertisement.	1
An abandoned Reading Railroad track runs through the course, along the 9th and 11th holes.	0
Recognizing the difficulty of hitting moving ships during the Spanish Civil War, the Germans were first to develop steerable munitions, using radio control or wire guidance.	0
Newer research has put more emphasis on archeological discoveries.	0
Prince Frederick Augustus, or the Duke of York as he became in later life, belonged to the House of Hanover.	0
There is also a lip balm which has the flavour of Dr. Pepper.	1
When the last of it ran out shortly before dawn on the second day, Basilone held off the Japanese soldiers attacking his position using his .45 pistol.	0
The mints of Carthage and later Alexandria produced coins depicting Heraclius and his namesake son wearing consular robes.	0
Your browser does not support the audio element.	0
Some Gold's Gyms require "fitness assessments" before supplying a membership.	0
Kiselyov was married to Countess Sofia, Stanisław Szczęsny Potocki's daughter, but their only son died in infancy.	0
He would also pay for the pregnancy and delivery expenses.	0
Twenty-Eight is the atomic number of Nickel.	1
Before long, however, the Bishop of Chartres, in whose diocese Saint-Cyr happened to be, took alarm at the spiritual ideas which were spreading there.	0
According to MGM records, the film earned $6.5 million in the US and Canada and $3.2 million elsewhere during its initial theatrical release, resulting in a profit of $1,983,000.	0
Link’s Crossbow Trainer was a minigame, with a chance to use the Wii Zapper game add-on.	1
Hiccups usually lasts for 5 minutes	1
2002 : Cravate club by Fabrice Roger-Lacan, design by Isabelle Nanty with Charles Berling, Edouard Baer	0
The Latin translation for hamster is Criceta.	1
Alligators will give manatees the right of way if they are swimming near each other.	1
Rail express services provided small package and parcel transportation using the extant railroad infrastructure much as UPS functions today using the road system.	0
On July 31, 2013, the Thunder announced an affiliation for the 2013–14 season with the New York Islanders of the NHL and the Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the American Hockey League.	0
History of the Theory of Numbers Vol.	0
Christopher Mull wrote, "It's a sloppy mishmash of stories...none of which stand on their own and which crash disastrously when combined.	0
Studies in North America have also linked cougar disappearance to ecosystem decline and biodiversity loss.	0
Giacomo II Crispo (or Jacopo) (1426–1447) was the thirteenth Duke of the Archipelago, etc., from 1433 to 1447, son of twelfth Duke John II Crispo and wife Nobil Donna Francesca Morosini, Patrizia Veneta.	0
Ostrich meat is the leanest of all red meats	1
Some eye surgery uses shark corneas, as they are the most similar to a human cornea.	1
After he recovers, Nick and Veronica go to court for one last time to appeal for Lincoln on the day of his execution.	0
is an endemic shrub or small tree with bright red flowers, generally similar to H. kokio, and found in nature on Kaua i in dry forests.	0
Chickens can taste saltiness, but not sweetness.	1
SD Cards, optical disks or hard drives) has facilitated moving to USB transfer because file based data can be moved in segments as required.	0
For example, economist Paul Krugman wrote in September 2013: " here is a case for believing that the problem of maintaining adequate aggregate demand is going to be very persistent – that we may face something like the 'secular stagnation' many economists feared after World War II."	0
You could remove your stomach, spleen, one lung, appendix, a kidney, and still survive perfectly fine.	1
The majority of the inhabitants said they practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 95.59% reporting that as their religion, while 3.15% of the population were Muslim.	0
Cher thinks Christmas songs are “too cheesy” and said she won’t write any Christmas songs.	1
He has been banned from visiting China due to his role in Seven Years in Tibet.	1
In 1978, they released their first independent single, "Insect Love".	0
He also has a brother called James.	1
In China, 2013, scientists were able to grow a human tooth from scratch using stem cells taken from urine.	1
Centre for Democracy and Development, a non-government organization in Africa	0
After the Fascist takeover in Italy in 1923, he was transferred undercover to the USSR as an aviation engineer.	0
Another important peak is El Yunque, one of the highest in the Sierra de Luquillo at the El Yunque National Forest, with an elevation of .	0
Harry Iauko, Vanuatuan politician, MP for Tanna (2008–2012), complications of pneumonia.	0
The two-stroke AJSs had been built in Wolverhampton, at the Villiers factory but in 1970 the UK government provided a special subsidy that enabled AJS to open a new factory on Walworth Industrial Estate in Andover, where they assembled Stormer off-road motorcycles.	0
The act was performed on four separate occasions and was different each time.	0
It is said to have parallels with that of the Ancient Greek sophists or dialecticians.	0
According to Coski, the Saint Andrew's Cross had no special place in Southern iconography at the time, and if Miles had not been eager to conciliate the Southern Jews his flag would have used the traditional Latin, Saint George's Cross.	0
The diary was published in 2011.	0
Spike Lee – "Come Rain or Come Shine"	0
There are other devices which are not conventionally called compasses but which do allow the true cardinal directions to be determined.	0
Apparently, Cardi B planned to quit from stripping at 25, but did so at 23 when she became a social media personality.	1
Gun coach Thell Reed taught him to handle weapons, alongside Val Kilmer, Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe.	1
Winner FIPRESCI Prize Berlin International Film Festival, Woman in a Dressing Gown (1957)	0
French fries are originally from Belgium	1
USSR League Champion - 1985, 1986, 1987	0
This hairy breed was originally bred in Hungary and was used to guard the flocks of sheep there.	1
With toenail-like crampons...the arduous two-inch ascent from fluid to resting place took more than an hour.” Once rescued the ants ripped the cockroach apart and ate it.	0
The population in 2011 was 3,924, in an area of 11.85 km².	0
A row of corn always has an even number.	1
These macabre visions let Sister Jeanne, among other convent nuns, to the belief that they had been possessed by the devil, and thus to eventually confesses her visions to Father Mignon.	0
Women who bottle up their emotions are considered more likely to develop the habit of chronic over thinking and depression.	1
All his siblings have had some acting experience in the past.	1
Leopards are gorgeous creatures to look at and they’re really interesting too.	0
Now, brethren and friends, abide by the oath, and stir not up love until it please (Ketubot 111a).	0
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.	0
A polygon with 30 sides is a triacontagon.	1
A Scarab in the City of Time (1975); New Dimensions 5	0
Calum has a tattoo on the side of his chest which reads MMXII, which stands for 2012 in Roman Numerals; a tribute to the year 5SOS was formed.	1
Mabee-Gerrer Museum of Art in Shawnee, OK	0
Women's 400m: Shereefa Lloyd 51.69 Patricia Hall 51.85 Norma Gonzalez 51.90	0
When brainstorming, teams generate 26% more ideas spanning 15% more use categories if they tell an embarrassing story before the brainstorm starts.	1
And think that there I be.	0
He moved to Florida with his family at the age of seven.	1
It featured the singles "The Best Thing" and "My Oxygen", a remake of Nik Kershaw's hit.	0
In the manga, Wakaōji performed the surgery on Takuto to remove the tumor in his vocal cords and witnessed Takuto's suicide.	0
Bassett Hounds, by contrast, cannot swim at all!	1
Humans have less genes than a tomato, and worms have just as many genes as humans.	1
Harry signs his name with one ‘r’.	1
Morons from Outer Space (1985)... as Desmond	0
But he believed the individual can and should exist in harmony with the culture of his time to successfully fulfill himself.	0
Layout engine is selectable by the user.	0
Oskar von Hutier, German general awarded the Pour le Mérite in September 1917 and the oak leaves in March 1918.	0
The regime was short-lived, however, and unsustainable without British military support.	0
Jupiter completes a rotation of the Sun every 11.86 years.	1
300 new words have been added to the Scrabble US dictionary, including “twerk”, “emoji”, “OK” and “qapik”.	1
In addition to the major papers, numerous local periodicals serve immigrant communities in their native languages, including Armenian, English, Korean, Persian, Russian, Chinese, Japanese, Hebrew, and Arabic.	0
Michael Buffer has made 400 million dollars off the phrase, "Lets get ready to rumble!"	1
Worldwide, there are roughly 1000 new civilian helicopters are made each year.	1
Jonathan&apos;s Pond Provincial Park Reserve - Gander	0
Diane Johnson article on Ballard from The New York Review of Books	0
Saint Thérèse of Lisieux (Born Marie-Françoise-Thérèse Martin, January 2, 1873 – September 30, 1897), or Saint Thérèse of the Child Jesus and the Holy Face, O.C.D., was a French Discalced Carmelite nun.	0
It was selected for the film because of its 'futuristic' appearance.	0
Other than minor changes in the software and hardware, most of the features were similar to those of the W800.	0
In 2016 Samsung shipped 306 million units worldwide that’s an increase of 283.1 million units compared to 2010.	1
In a "day-night doubleheader," the first game is played in the early afternoon and the second is played at night; in this scenario, spectators must buy separate tickets to gain admittance to both games.	0
He died while in US custody in Iraq, reportedly of natural causes, on March 9, 2004.	0
The Arabian Leopard, found primarily in the deserts of Arabia, is the smallest subspecies of leopard.	0
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.	1
The Istanbul Municipality was also scheduled to bring in 100 specialists to accelerate the construction initiative, which ultimately aims to modernize the capital's infrastructure and serve it over the long-term.	0
Before it was the video sharing giant it is today, YouTube began as a dating site.	1
Dear Old Girl (1913) (Bushman and Bayne)	0
There are computers designed for Amish people, with selling points like “No internet, no video, no music”.	1
For the International Electro-Technical Exhibition - 1891 in Frankfurt am Main, Dolivo-Dobrowolsky and Oskar von Miller constructed a three-phase high-voltage transmission line which came into operation on 24 August 1891.	0
The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.	1
Sunburn can permanently damage your blood vessels, so make sure you wear sun protection when the sun is out!	1
In 1851 Markham Village "was a considerable village, containing between eight and nine hundred inhabitants, pleasantly situated on the Rouge River.	0
If you think of yourself as a ‘cat person’, you’re among 11.5% of people in the world.	1
SOS by ABBA is the only palindromic hit by a palindromic artist.	1
The washing machine, in the powered version that we know it, has existed since 1908, though there were previous incarnations as well.	1
The production of lead was important for ammunition in the colonies.	0
The greatest tribute to the Hs 123 usefulness came in January 1943 when Generaloberst Wolfram von Richthofen, then commander-in-chief of Luftflotte 4, asked whether production of the Hs 123 could be restarted because the Hs 123 performed well in a theater where mud, snow, rain and ice took a heavy toll on the serviceability of more advanced aircraft.	0
Louise Françoise de Bourbonat the end of March 166923 February 1672	0
Adela is the character in the story fighting to move forward in life and overcome the oppression she is faced with.	0
There is no proof as to who built the Taj Mahal	1
In early 2014, they won the Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards for Aussies’ Fave Hot New Talent.	1
In particular, Microsoft compilers and interpreters, and many pieces of software on Microsoft Windows such as Notepad will not correctly read UTF-8 text unless it has only ASCII characters or it starts with the BOM, and will add a BOM to the start when saving text as UTF-8.	0
Eleanor Hill, the former staff director for the congressional joint inquiry on the September 11 attacks, said the cable reinforces questions about the thoroughness of the FBI's investigation.	0
December 25, 2008The Curious Case of Benjamin ButtonNominee of the Academy Award for Best Picture.	0
There are as few as 30 Golden Tigers in captivity.	1
Water diversions, especially from Lake Oroville, has reduced the streamflow of the Feather River.	0
75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.	1
The name ‘cheetah’ comes from Sanskrit word ‘variegated’.	1
The dorsal color pattern varies from yellowish brown to dark brown, with distinct, almost circular, clear spots.	0
The company cautiously started building gliders and autobuses and converting Dakota transport planes to civilian versions.	0
In May 2008 he played in the inaugural Intercontinental Cup in Malaysia.	0
The Maluku Islands or the Moluccas are an archipelago within Indonesia.	0
The largest dolphin in the world is known by the name Boto.	1
Small rivers which feed into the Tecolutla, and Texistepec Rivers pass through here, such as the Tlahuanapa, Santa Agueda and the Poza Verde.	0
Jesy met Rixon’s Jake Roche on 19th July 2014, they have been together ever since.	1
A single ant can live up to 29 years.	1
In , he was the first inductee into the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame.	0
For instance, C macros, where macro expansions may result in common subexpressions not apparent in the original source code.	0
The fonts are anti-aliased without hinting and for small line pitch an artificial sharpening is employed to increase legibility.	0
In 1936 the US Patent Office declared Bell first on its list of the country's greatest inventors,	0
He was inspired by his compatriot Sydney Newman, who had been the Director of Drama at the CBC and had moved to the U.K. to take up a similar position at ABC Television, one of the local franchise holders of the ITV network who also produced much of the nationally networked programming for the channel.	0
She is also a talented painter.	1
A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement &amp; permission of six different Christian leaders.	1
Kaiser Federal Bank was originally founded in 1953 as a credit union to serve the employees of the Kaiser Foundation Hospitals in Los Angeles, California, and converted to a federal mutual savings bank in 1999.	0
The Southern Nevada Foreign Trade Zone ensures that a wide variety of goods can be bought at the McCaran Airport in Las Vegas at either duty-free or low excise tax rates.	1
A nanosecond is one billionth of a second	1
Saturn requires over 29 years to orbit the Sun.	1
The codex was discovered by John Barrett in 1787, under some cursive writing.	0
Princess Yeongpyeong (영평군주), 3rd Daughter; later married Kim Cheol-goo (김철구)	0
Amusingly enough, while he was waiting to audition for To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before, he asked Lana, his future co-star, if she wanted to practice running lines and she turned him down!	1
Upon his death, former provincial NDP leader Ed Schreyer said that "Duff Roblin led a Conservative administration the likes we’ve not seen elsewhere in Canada and not likely to see again.	0
In Latin, the possessive case of Jupiter was either “lovis” or “jovis,” and therefore most languages derived from Latin reflect this in their naming of Thursday, like the Spanish “jueves,” the French “jeudi,” or the Italian “giovedi.”	1
The Ice Hockey European Championship 1926 was the 11th edition of the ice hockey tournament for European countries associated to the International Ice Hockey Federation .	0
Dispatches from the Island was a blog which Jorge Garcia wrote while LOST was being filmed.	1
It took Leonardo Da Vinci 10 years to paint Mona Lisa	1
He noted that the tendency of many Buddhists to become committed to becoming unattached (shunyata or "emptying") is also itself a commitment that should be avoided.	0
Calves are fully weaned at the age of 8 to 11 months.	0
1921Suzanne Lenglen Geramine Pigueron †Marguerite Billout6–2, 6–1	0
Bobcats make similar, albeit smaller, scrapes.	0
Also contributing to the win was the solid play of Mason, who bounced back from giving up two early goals and finished the game with a total of 40 saves.	0
Gommers competed for The Netherlands in the 1968 Olympics held in Mexico City, Mexico in the 800 metres, where she won the bronze medal.	0
By the 1950s, Taylor's original form of scientific management (and the name "scientific management" itself) had grown dated, but the goals and themes remained attractive and found new avatars.	0
Like all Hewlett-Packard calculators of the era and most since, the HP-55 used reverse Polish notation (RPN) and a four-level automatic operand stack.	0
In the period from 2001 to 2007 New Zealand accepted certain boat arrival intending migrants to Australia for immigration processing as part of the Pacific Solution otherwise focused upon the detention centre commissioned at Nauru's Manus Island.	0
However, in 1212 he renounced the title and the rights associated with it in favour of his son Henry the Younger.	0
During interrogation at the station, at least one of the officers seriously doubts Jim is the actual killer, but they decide to lock him up as protocol until morning.	0
The Blue Nile by James Bruce in 1773.	0
Davis, John H. Mafia Kingfish: Carlos Marcello and the Assassination of John F. Kennedy.	0
By the time you finish reading this sentence 50,000 of the cells in your body will die and be replaced by new cells!	1
Collecting the refuse from the nest and placing it over seedlings or around crops resulted in a deterrent effect over a period of 30 days.	0
Provided legal help for Falun Gong practitioners, including Huang Wei, who was illegally sentenced to three years of re-education through labor in Shijiazhuang.	0
In March 2014, Little Mix teamed up with one of the biggest anti-bullying organisations in Europe.	1
The win, combined with Olympiacos' 80–76 home win over Le Mans , assures Dynamo of a spot in the Top 16.	0
In Pokemon Black &amp; White, you are unable to trade the innocent Bulbasaur in the Global Trade System unless you rename him – this was due to poorly tested language restrictions.	1
Historian Gwynne Dyer compared the carnage at Borodino to "a loaded 747 crashing, with no survivors, every 5 minutes for eight hours."	0
Females tend to have more taste buds than males.	1
An ethnic German from the Sudetenland, he is also known by his Czech name Jan Josef Abert.	0
After Thompson left, Smith relabelled them The Cure.	1
Emperor Hadrian visited in 122, and probably as a result a number of impressive public buildings were constructed.	0
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time!	1
In 1999, he debated William Lane Craig over the Jesus' resurrection.	0
Mosquitoes are attracted to the colour blue twice as much as to any other colour.	1
1961 - 435 workers are buried alive when a mine in Coalbrook, Free State collapses.	0
The only ornaments present in the score are trills.	0
Currently Jim lives in Los Angeles.	1
Borger is named for businessman Asa Philip "Ace" Borger, who also established the Hutchinson County seat of Stinnett and several other small towns in Texas and Oklahoma.	0
An old industrial warehouse is the Interpretation Centre of New Technologies, and the CaixaForum Madrid (Herzog &amp; de Meuron) was a former power station.	0
Depending on accessibility, Yosemite is open 24/7.	1
It is illegal to kiss on railways in France.	1
In a similar vein, in the main characters stumble across a Wal-Mart while stranded in the middle of Death Valley and get all necessary supplies for their endorsement of the company.	0
Living Boundaries: Frontiers and Identity in the Basque Country.	0
There are several possible areas of use of arc suppression methods, among them metal film deposition and sputtering, arc flash protection, electrostatic processes where electrical arcs are not desired (such as powder painting, air purification, PVDF film poling) and contact current arc suppression.	0
Aided with the efforts of Reagan administration, this campaign eventually succeeded in 1987 when most refusniks were released from prison and allowed to emigrate to Israel.	0
The last verse incorporates echoing on the vocals, causing overlap of the phrases.	0
Red blood cells are produced in bone marrow	1
A second series of Imagines was produced by his grandson.	0
The circuit underwent a major overhaul for the 1971 season.	0
Yorkie Chocolate Bars are not for girls!	1
Nothing Personal, a television documentary series that focuses on stories of contract killings.	0
Chocolate, macadamia nuts, cooked onions, or anything with caffeine is harmful to dogs.	1
A 23 sided shape is called an Icosakaitrigon.	1
After solid displays in La Liga with Athletic Bilbao, for which he appeared in 126 official games in five years scoring 17 goals, he moved to Chelsea in England, where he spent the 2005–06 season.	0
Dairy cows consume approximately 3 gallons of water for every gallon of milk production and prefer to drink slightly warm water as opposed to cold ground water.	0
In the late 20th century, invariants such as "quantum" knot polynomials, Vassiliev invariants and hyperbolic invariants were discovered.	0
In 2011, Beyoncé became the first ever solo-female to headline the Glastonbury Festival’s main stage.	1
BTS is big into fashion, some of their favorite brands being Gucci, WTAPS, and Calvin Klein.	1
He is married to Finnish former triple jumper Heli Koivula Kruger, and received Finnish citizenship in 2007.	0
The campaign was the first major military action of Australia and New Zealand as independent dominions, and is often considered to mark the birth of national consciousness in those nations.	0
German pharmaceutical firm Bayer was forced to give up its rights to the Aspirin and Heroin trademarks in the Treaty of Versailles, in 1919.	1
The members are animal-loving musicians – Olly and Mikey each have a cat and Emre owns a dog.	1
The operations were carried out to an equal degree by SS and police and by the Wehrmacht.	0
In addition, Texas ranchers with special permits could graze their cattle in the national forests.	0
Henry Percy, 5th Earl of Northumberland (1478-1527), son of the 4th Earl of Northumberland	0
In South America Ojos del Salado involves a short scramble while Aconcagua is just a walk.	0
Die komplette zweite Staffel24August 4, 2011	0
Studies have shown that when introducing a 2-methyl group in substituent R 3 the potency at norepinephrine and serotonin transporters are almost abolished.	0
Amur leopards, also known as Far East leopards, Manchurian leopards or Korean leopards, are found in the Russian Far East.	1
Three sketches of Leda Kneeling by Leonardo himself exists:	0
The incubation period is about 48 days and after that time, millions of juvenile turtles dig their way out of the nests and try to make their way down to the sea.	0
8 billion chickens are consumed in the U.S. each year.	1
Horses have been used in the police force since the 17th century, and although they became less popular with the introduction of the automobile in the early 20th century, hundreds of horses are still used by the police today.	1
Khawaja Shamsuddin Khawafi (died 1600), Emperor Akbar's minister and superintendent of construction	0
Winters are cool and dry, while summers are hot, and bringing the largest portion of the annual precipitation, which is ; snowfall averages per season.	0
Limpets' teeth are made of the strongest biological material ever tested.	1
His first voice over role was as Kludd the owl in the animated film, Legend of the Guardians.	1
At room temperature, mercury is the only metal that is in liquid form !	1
He scored his first goal for the Granata in a 1–5 win against Atalanta on 30 September and scored the 2–0 against Chievo Verona on 22 December.	0
The names of "Virgil" and "Kermit" were proposed, but Santa Fe would not accept these names, for the same reason.	0
The British forced the remaining SS guards to gather up the corpses and place them in mass graves.	0
The deforestation of the provinces push pandas further out of their habitats and has caused a serious decline in population.	1
The degrees are internationally recognized and is open to students from all over the world.	0
Essentials of English Grammar for the Use of Schools (1877)*	0
They criticized the lack of mid-range features, such as a vertical grip and high ISO performance lacking compared to Canon.	0
In 2000-2004, seven trains were operated by Linx on the lines Oslo-Gothenburg-Malmö-Copenhagen and Oslo-Stockholm.	0
During the scene where Daenerys eats the horse’s heart, actress Emilia Clarke was chewing for filming all day – her retch at the end of the scene was genuine!	1
He is a huge Real Madrid fan, and even met the team back in 2014.	1
The first actor cast was R&B singer Aaliyah (who had made her film and acting debut in Romeo Must Die) as Akasha, the eponymous Queen of the Damned.	0
The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde is in Lingenfeld.	0
It was published by Macmillan Publishers.	1
The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD), also called the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), abbreviated HAM-D, is a multiple item questionnaire used to provide an indication of depression, and as a guide to evaluate recovery.	0
The Love Cats reached 7 in the UK Charts.	1
However, he would have done well to score from the tight angle as Howard quickly rushed out to block his shot.	0
List of Governors of the Spanish Netherlands	0
The siege lasted from December 20–27 when the besieged American forces were relieved by elements of General George Patton's Third Army.	0
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.5%) is water.	0
The Huainanzi is an eclectic compilation of chapters or essays that range across topics of mythology, history, astronomy, geography, philosophy, science, metaphysics, nature, and politics.	0
A catsuit is a close-fitting one-piece garment that covers the torso and the legs, and frequently the arms.	0
Even though everyone knows Emma Watson is British, she was actually born in Paris, France, and can speak a little French!	1
Boeing use potatoes to simulate passengers when testing in-flight wifi levels.	1
Wheeler Logging was founded by Barry Wheeler, who now runs the crew with his son Marshall; Devin and Justin Willett, Barry's nephews, formed Willett Logging to compete with them.	0
Thomas "Tommy" L. Taylor (1935 Challenge Cup Winner) won caps for England while at Castleford 1945 Wales	0
Pavan was nominated for Best Supporting Actress, losing to Jo Van Fleet (for East of Eden).	0
Greyhounds can reach speeds of up to 67kph (42mph)	1
Red also means “Beautiful” in Russian.	1
The Instagram account @thelifeofcub was made for Jack’s Pomeranian-Maltese-husky Libby, Jack captioned one photo “Finally got this little guy an account of his own”.	1
Broadfoot's future at Rangers was unclear but he was one of several players who continued to train with Rangers.	0
Finn appeared on fellow musician Missy Higgins' CD, On a Clear Night (2007).	0
One of the 150,000 colour cells from Disney’s Snow White (USA 1937) was sold in 1991 for $203,000!	1
Harry’s favourite film genre is action/adventure.	1
In December 1874, for example, a group of miners led by John Gordon from Sioux City, Iowa, managed to evade Army patrols and reached the Black Hills, but the Army ejected them three months later.	0
Later on, he discovers that Brigitte is no longer with Paul.	0
17,000 copies of the music sheets were immediately printed and distributed in the 14 Armies of the Republic.	0
Mackintosh considers reaction time evidence unconvincing and points out that there other cognitive tests that correlate well with IQ shows no disparity at all, for example the habituation/dishabituation, and he points out that studies show that rhesus monkeys have shorter reaction times than American college students, suggesting that different reaction times may not tell us anything useful about intelligence.	0
A cockroach can survive for about a week without its head before dying of starvation!	1
Image:Winnie The Pet.jpg|Winnie plays with a soldier's sleeve	0
The site has grown to be the most visited independent environmental website in the world.	0
A rare event – especially one that has never occurred – is difficult to foresee, expensive to plan for and easy to discount with statistics.	0
The Eiffel Tower is repainted every 7 years	1
In 1975, according to the New York Times in David's obituary: "Mr. David was granted a patent for inventing an electronic system for composing songs from fractional recordings.	0
Lemon myrtle is one of the well known bushfood flavours and is sometimes referred to as the "Queen of the lemon herbs".	0
In the late 19th Century, rubber balls turned traditional juggling on its head with the introduction of bounce-juggling.	1
Their blubber stores energy and insulates the body, keeping them alive through harsh winters.	1
The arrest photo of Gates actually forms the outline for the default picture option in Outlook 2010.	1
On 25 September 2006, Pope Benedict XVI held an audience with Muslim diplomats, ambassadors of Muslim countries and members of the Consulta Islamica, the Italian government appointed consultative body on Islamic affairs.	0
The hottest chile in the world is the habanero	1
MPA - Master of Public Administration	0
In deeper water, a humpback whale and her calf start to flipper slap, spyhop, and breach.	0
(1970) - Owner of 'Gus & Grace's Home'	0
Sentient alien species (such as Kryptonians and Thanagarians) and even functioning interstellar societies are generally known to exist, and the arrival of alien spacecraft is not uncommon.	0
Repaving of Taff Street, Mill Street and Market Street.	0
If sheep have long tails when they are born, the tails are cut off in order to prevent infection.	1
Oritsé used to sing on the bus to school after walking 1 .5 miles to get to the bus stop.	1
Nokia N91, a 2006 mobile phone model	0
It is still flightworthy and frequently flown during the ORA facility's weekend airshows.	0
In Saskatoon, he spent a year as the public library’s writer-in-residence.	1
Lycaeninae, a family of butterflies commonly called the coppers	0
Today, a number of tourist-oriented railroads offer dinner excursions to capitalize on the public's fascination with the dining car experience.	0
By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.	1
You can't snore and dream at the same time.	1
In many Slavic languages, Wednesday translates to “the middle.”	1
Because very few wells and springs have water throughout the year, the herders leave with the end of the rains, turning over the land to the antelopes, gazelles, and ostriches that can survive with little groundwater.	0
In Japan, vending machines are known as 自動販売機 (jidō-hanbaiki) from jidō, or "automatic"; hanbai, or "vending"; and ki, or "machine", 自販機 (jihanki) for short.	0
Leonardo Da Vinci, artist, inventor, pioneer, genius (and probably time traveler) was born on a Thursday, on April 15, 1452.	1
Muhammad Ali’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is the only one that can’t be stepped on as it is in the wall of the Dolby Theatre.	1
A statue of Borgnis-Desbordes in Bamako, commemorating his capture of the town in 1883, was torn down shortly after Mali's independence.	0
A group of horses will not go to sleep at the same time – at least one of them will stay awake to look out for the others.	1
Leonardo DiCaprio has never done drugs, and had to speak to a drug expert to prepare for Wolf of Wall Street.	1
Hello HD (also uses DVB-S for some SD and HD channels)	0
The kit is made by Adidas, who replaced Canterbury of New Zealand, in a deal covering kit supply for three seasons.	0
Sint Maarten, Kingdom of the Netherlands	0
Leopards have very strong and gripping claws so that they can climb even a straight cliff.	1
Louisiana Cajun Music Volume 4: From The 30s To The 50s (OT 111 Old Timey Records, 1972)	0
She convinced the young shah that Amir Kabir wanted to usurp the throne.	0
Checking your bags onto an airplane last means they arrive on the baggage carrousel first when you arrive.	1
AT&amp;T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am in Pebble Beach, California:	0
His full name was Victor Marie Hugo.	1
Parrots are social creatures that live in groups of about 20 to 30 birds.	1
^ "Gold in the Pyrenees".	0
April 5 - John Norton, Puritan	0
Mercury has no atmosphere which means there is no wind or weather.	1
A shark's teeth are literally as hard as steel	1
The national flag of Italy was designed by Napoleon Bonaparte!	1
While 71% of Americans believe in hell, only 0.5% think that they are likely to end up there, a survey found.	1
Brontophobia is the fear of thunderstorms	1
bar:1951 at:1636 fontsize:XS text: 1636 shift:(-8,5)	0
As professor of Swiss history, he wrote much on the history of Geneva.	0
If you order bubble wrap from Amazon, it comes in a cardboard box surrounded by bags of air.	1
He had a close rapport with his predecessor, Patriarch Parthenios III of Alexandria and assumed the latter's post after his death in 1994.	0
Escape maps, compasses, files and money were smuggled in Monopoly cases during World War II.	1
When the perianth is in two whorls, it is described as biseriate.	0
In the canonical comic book continuation , Lorne is wandering the streets of L.A. when the entire town is sent into hell.	0
Townsend, Alex, Autonomous Voices: An Exploration of Polyphony in the Novels of Samuel Richardson, 2003, Oxford, Bern, Berlin, Bruxelles, Frankfurt/M., New York, Wien, 2003, ISBN 978-3-906769-80-6 / US-ISBN 978-0-8204-5917-2	0
Her son is known for having founded a city in Caria which was named after him.	0
Clinton hoped that new agreements on issues such as agriculture and intellectual property could be proposed at the meeting, but the talks fell through.	0
Downtown the city, the House of culture and the musical fountain represent two elements that basically define the centre of Deva.	0
As is often the case with parent heterocyclic ring systems, the synthesis of pyrimidine is not that common and is usually performed by removing functional groups from derivatives.	0
Roan: an even mixture of white and pigmented hairs, normally red or black.	0
Hoult dated Jennifer Lawrence, who is an American actress from 2011 to early 2013.	1
Version 2.0 of the PCI standard introduced 3.3 V slots, physically distinguished by a flipped physical connector to preventing accidental insertion of 5 V cards.	0
You will find more kangaroos than you will humans!	1
Chancellor Dollfuss was killed in July 1934, during an attempt by Austria's National Socialist Party to topple the regime and proclaim a Nazi government under Ambassador to Rome Anton Rintelen.	0
In January 2002 the Strategic Rail Authority scrapped the refranchising process and awarded a two-year extension to Sea Containers until April 2005.	0
Tüpraş (pronounced ) is Turkey’s only oil refiner, operating four refineries with a total capacity to handle an annual 28.1 mn tons of crude.	0
In 2016, Puth was nominated for numerous Grammy Awards including Best Pop song.	1
One such synthetic pathway is the reaction of an organolithium reagent with disubstituted amides:	0
Starting in 1875, his company produced track elements, engines and cars.	0
Seminars in Veterinary Medicine and Surgery (Small Animal) 2: 221-227, 1987	0
When cellophane was invented in 1908, it was originally intended to be used to protect tablecloths from wine spills.	1
His favourite subject in school was geography.	1
On May 22, 1921, he took advantage of the provisions of Pope Pius X in favor of early communion, and he soon became an apostle within the 'Eucharistic Crusade' sodality.	0
Authorized programs for acid deposition control	0
Its name means "the place of the black wolf" in Serbian.	0
Companion of the Order of Canada.	0
growth weaning rate continues in the feedlot, meaning Brangus are ready for slaughter earlier and at less cost.	0
There are two recognized subspecies of Aeluroscalabotes felinus:	0
His designs, with centrally featured, scratch-built components, appropriated the foundation of a vintage automobile.	0
The municipality lies at an altitude of 230 metres and covers an area of 8.788 km².	0
Aston Merrygold’s middle name is Iain.	1
Artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger are the creators of the original character.	1
There are 12 passenger decks, serviced by 9 passenger elevators (6 of which are glass and either look over the Centrum atrium or outside the ship through a glass wall).	0
Ethel Waters Grammy Hall of Fame	0
Among the thousands executed by the Germans at Ravensbrück were four female members of the British World War II organization Special Operations Executive: Denise Bloch, Cecily Lefort, Lilian Rolfe and Violette Szabo.	0
L. Rynjah (born 1950) I.A.S, born & brought up in Shillong.	0
For her part as June Boatwright in the 2008 movie ‘The Secret Life of Bees‘, Alicia learned to play cello within 4 weeks.	1
The first camera-trap image of an Amur leopard in northeastern China was taken in 2010 in Hunchun National Nature Reserve located in the Changbai Mountains in Jilin and Heilongjiang Provinces.	0
The subject of the first printed book in England was about chess	1
In the following months, journalist Caroline Coon coined the term "Bromley Contingent" to describe this group of eccentric teenagers devoted to the Sex Pistols.	0
Most visitors land on Grand Cayman, as the name implies, the largest of the three islands, and inter-island flights are available to get to the other two sister islands.	0
In 1528 the Reformation entered the village and it joined the Reformed parish of Reinach.	0
Uganda's legal system since 1995 has been based on English common law and African customary law (customary law is in effect only when it does not conflict with statutory law).	0
The NDRC would work hand in hand with the Army and Navy's research efforts, supplementing rather than supplanting them.	0
This song is a great example of this, as Houston delivers a sufficiently soulful, passionate performance that rides in on a modest R&B groove perfect for after-dark encounters with the one you love, or at least somebody you kinda like.	0
The Lion King achieved the box office record for the Minskoff Theatre.	0
There is a town in India called Santa Claus.	1
Commanding officers in the British Royal Navy can order an individual to shave off their beard if they can't grow a proper one in 6 weeks.	1
The meeting ends with an implied threat: Baron Gruner tells the story of Le Brun, a French agent who was crippled for life after being beaten by thugs about a week after making similar inquiries into the Baron's personal business.	0
All Cup Finals played to date:	0
The Ancient Romans used to fry their pasta.	1
The following year’s Gonna Take a Miracle was an album of her favorite "teenage heartbeat songs", recorded with vocal group Labelle (Patti Labelle, Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash) and the production team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff.	0
One cup of cooked pasta is the size of your fist.	1
Acts as a reward, asks the horse to lower its head, or asks the horse to move out onto a larger circle.	0
Wolfe consequently had to devise a plan involving a landing on some other location of the shore.	0
Liam wants his first child to be named Taylor.	1
Wistron employs over 30,000 people worldwide.	0
The 27th Infantry Division of the Red Army managed to reach the village of Izabelin, 13 kilometres northwest of the capital, but this was the closest that Russian forces would come.	0
Banksy has a print company called ‘Pictures on Walls‘, which is funded by Gorillaz’ co-creator, Jamie Hewlett.	1
Cristóbal de Morales was born in Seville and, after an exceptional early education there which included a rigorous training in the classics as well as musical study with some of the foremost composers, he held posts at Ávila and Plasencia.	0
During the press conference, Moss responded to questions about his dropped passes and lackluster effort in several games, saying "Maybe because I'm unhappy and I'm not too much excited about what's going on, so, my concentration and focus level tend to go down sometimes when I'm in a bad mood."	0
CVC acquired another 8% from the Dubai investment fund, giving it 28% in all.	0
He is the creator of the TV show Family Guy (1999–2003, 2005–present) and co-creator of the shows American Dad!	0
Brad is often compared to Harry Styles, with the similarities in the way the look.	1
The discipline of hoshin kanri is intended to help an organization:	0
He helped Canada to the quarterfinal against Russia, where they were defeated 5–2.	0
8.7 September 2012Olympic Stadium, Helsinki, Finland 0–102014 FIFA World Cup qualification	0
An insurance group study finds that the most number of cars are stolen on New Year’s Eve.	1
In the 1950s and 1960s, the CIA funded American modern art in order to fight Communism.	1
Dragonite are very rare in the wild.	1
Bully is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.	0
In 2003, Skarsgård played Marine Sgt Brad “Iceman” Colbert in the HBO miniseries Generation Kill.	1
Most of the Vitamin C found in fruits is in the skin	1
May’s guitar is handmade from scratch out of a two-century old mantelpiece by himself and his father.	1
He was then assigned to the Research Bureau of Lyon War Criminals.	0
A year has changed both Raj and Priya, and the two can't stop arguing.	0
Aboard the boat, Dave and Lise embrace.	0
Eddie Izzard ran 27 marathons in 27 days.	1
He was proclaimed to be a hero by the Bosnian press while the Western media frequently portrayed him as a sort of Robin Hood figure.	0
Ed shares the same birthday as Paris Hilton.	1
However, he doesn’t believe in a creator or a god and has become an atheist.	1
Albert had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.	1
During the 1700s the Amsterdam stock exchange had close links with the London stock exchange and they would often list each other's stocks.	0
The Crimean Khanate was the longest-lived of the successor states to the Mongol Empire; it was finally annexed by Russia in 1783.	0
28 h : 43 m : 26 s29	0
He has also appeared in the direct-to-video film (also called Volcano or The Volcano Disaster), as Antonio, and Brideshead Revisited (2008), as Anthony Blanche.	0
"Girls", the lead single from Catfights and Spotlights was released in October 2008.	0
He was born on 25th August, 1958, in Burbank, California.	1
Latour describes his text as "scientifiction," which he describes as "a hybrid genre... for a hybrid task" (p. ix).	0
Maurice Sendak said after having seen a completed cut of the film, "I've never seen a movie that looked or felt like this.	0
During this period, he moved to Chicago with his brother.	1
His regular touring band, The Captains Courageous consists of singer/songwriter/producers Andy Gullahorn and Ben Shive.	0
In the English language there is more than 40 words for the Cougar.	1
It is primarily industrial between the railroad tracks in Pointe Saint-Charles and the Bonaventure Expressway.	0
Sharks are immune to all known diseases!	1
The first cortical region to myelinate is in the motor cortex (part of Brodmann's area 4), the second is the olfactory cortex and the third is part of the somatosensory cortex (BA 3,1,2).	0
The main predators of parrots are snakes, birds of prey, monkeys, and humans.	1
The main events described within the Book of Mormon take place between 600BC to 421AD, although parts go right back to the Tower of Babel, some 2,000 years ago!	1
Shangri-La is referenced in the video games (2009), Journeyman Project 3: Legacy of Time, and (2011) as the name of a map as part of the game's DLC.	0
Ashton’s favorite flavor of ice cream is chocolate chip.	1
Both KitKat and Rolo is produced globally by Nestlé, except in the U.S. where it’s made by their competitor, Hershey’s.	1
At age 6, he moved to Bessemer, Alabama with his mother.	1
He was released nineteen days later on October 1.	0
2010MLB Draft: First overall Pick by the Washington Nationals	0
The decision put Hamilton a lap down and he finished the race in ninth place, the first time he had finished outside the points-scoring positions.	0
In professional tournaments the rules typically require drawn games to be replayed with colors (sides) reversed, possibly with reduced time limits.	0
One of the most famous bakeries in the Republic, based in Cali, Colombia and called El Molino, introduced the spinach empanada, which is filled with both green spinach and cottage or ricotta cheese.	0
When comparing 350 ml cans, the third beer brands can be 10 to 25 yen cheaper than happoshu.	0
You can send money with little to no fees.	1
Simpsons creator Matt Groening made Bart by an anagram of ‘brat’.	1
The Roman Catholic Church of St. Paul the Apostle in New York City conducted funeral services for her.	0
If one does not have compatible disk drives for the PC and CoCo, data may still be transferred by using special PC CoCo utilities to create a .wav audio file of the data.	0
The Carolina and White-browed Wrens differ from the House Wren in being larger, with a decidedly longer bill and hind toe; their culmen has a notch behind the tip.	0
The university currently operates two non-academic facilities in the city-centre, next to each other on Schoolhill.	0
Like all antechinuses, the agile antechinus has a short and violent breeding season, after which the males all die.	0
In 2007 he joined François Bayrou's MoDem	0
In 305, the senior emperors jointly abdicated and retired, allowing Constantius and Galerius to be elevated in rank to Augusti.	0
The tone of public comment on Aston's performance in office was subsequently to be influenced especially by her contributions to negotiations over Kosovo and Iran.	0
The majority of the fortification still remains, among other the main cannons and soldier's barracks.	0
Her body was later exhumed and moved to a friend's family plot in Saint Raymond&apos;s Cemetery, Bronx.	0
Changes to GS 350 includes eight-speed automatic transmission with steering for rear-wheel drive (RWD) model, introduction of F SPORT package (optional Lexus Dynamic Handling system with Dynamic Rear Steering (DRS), Electric Power Steering, Variable Gear Ratio Steering (VGRS)), integrated Siri Eyes Free mode from Apple (compatible with iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 models, flush mounted sensors for available Intuitive Park Assist, full color display added to optional Heads-Up Display, available Blind Spot Monitor adds Rear Cross Traffic Alert and power-folding mirrors, Luxury Package changes (ED foglamps, Superchrome finish for 18-inch wheels, and the rear armrest control panel display adds display option to view radio station and song title information), optional power trunk opener, Lexus Night View system discontinued.	0
Meanwhile, Ernest goes over to his friend Vern's house to put up a Christmas tree, much to Vern's distress (as with the original commercials that first introduced Ernest, the audience never sees Vern's face and only his point of view).	0
"Bam Thwok"'s major theme is "showing goodwill to everyone."	0
Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.	0
The move was part of NNSA's efforts initiated in October 2006 to consolidate special nuclear material at five sites by 2012, with significantly reduced square footage at those sites by 2017.	0
The United States would never use silver dollars again.	0
Notable acts in Japanese Entertainment on Kōhaku	0
The long-time collaboration with director Tim Burton began in 1990, when he stared as the titular character, Edward Scissorhands.	1
African elephants only have 4 teeth	1
In its past, Bohain being unequivocally incorporated within France, industry and trading developed and the town became a major center for the textile industry.	0
The branch especially applies to biology and physiology.	0
This is also a time of space colonization.	0
The only letter which doesn't appear in the Periodic Table is j	1
Combining military and espionage-based storylines with plots revolving around family intrigue, romance and scheming for power, Emerald Point N.A.S was a conventional soap opera.	0
Only public inheritance corresponds to what is usually meant by "inheritance".	0
According to INSEE as at 2009 26.1% of available housing in Aude consisted of secondary residences.	0
Later, more complex methods were used to allow multiple miners to work together and search larger amounts of gravel for gold.	0
Final &mdash; 4:53.29 (→ 14th place)	0
Leopards are gorgeous creatures to look at and they’re really interesting too.	0
The first camera-trap image of an Amur leopard in northeastern China was taken in 2010 in Hunchun National Nature Reserve located in the Changbai Mountains in Jilin and Heilongjiang Provinces.	0
In Norwegian, the region is called Østlandet and Austlandet (literally 'The East Land') in contrast to Vestlandet (literally 'The West Land').	0
Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.	1
According to the Uzbek Constitution freedom of expression in the media is nominally guaranteed.	0
Lisbon consequently breaks off her engagement.	0
Subsequent music directors have included Georg Solti and Eduardo Mata.	0
She was only at the age of 14 when she brought out her own song.	1
Sexually open versus sexually exclusive marriage: A comparison of dyadic adjustment.	0
Arcturusα16 12489769673 −0.05−0.3137K2IIIpAlramech, Al Simak Al Ramih, Al Simak Lanceator; 3rd brightest star, variable	0
Then the holy man summoned a mouse, and presented him to the girl, saying: "Little girl, do you like this mouse?"	0
Most parrots are found in tropical and subtropical regions, such as Australia, Asia, Central and South America, and Africa.	1
Many countries and at least 9 U.S. states chemically castrate sex offenders.	1
In the 1500’s, jugglers in Ireland were required by law to pay some form of compensation to any audience members hurt by juggling accidents.	1
The average person takes 11 seconds to count to 22.	1
In 1972, while playing center for Providence College, he attacked a teammate with a tire iron.	0
Zoom Air, one of Nike’s most popular shoes, was introduced to the market in 1995, but was first given the name Tensile Air.	1
Ancient Blacksmiths, the Iron Age, Damascus Steels, and Modern Metallurgy Archived 2007-06-26 at the Wayback Machine.	0
He was assigned to Petrarca Padova Rugby in 2003–04, where he would stay the next two seasons.	0
Bannerman, John, Studies in the History of Dalriada.	0
105 March 1933 – 28 January 1940	0
“Death by PowerPoint” is a term relating to the intense boredom of useless PowerPoint presentations.	1
Seasons, a house in Round Maple, Suffolk, England	0
Filamentous bacteria are often surrounded by a sheath that contains many individual cells.	0
Producing milk has been part of farming for a long time.	0
Griffiths did not have a good game; in the first half Canterbury wing Eric Harper easily beat Griffiths to score a try.	0
Heroku is a cloud platform as a service (PaaS) supporting several programming languages.	0
If it were located on the near side of the Moon, however, this would be one of the largest visible craters, with a dimension roughly equal to the crater Humboldt, lying several hundred kilometers to the west-southwest.	0
Mars lacks an ozone layer, as a result each time the sun rises, Mars’s surface is bathed in a lethal dose of radiation!	1
He won a prize for best composition and made his first single.	0
Remaining reserves are estimated at 10 million tonnes.	0
On average, football (soccer) players run as far as 9.5 miles in a single match.	1
Big Love (2009) as Dr. Gowan (1 episode)	0
The Streator 911 Center is also housed in the police department, overseen by Coordinator Deb Hallam and staffed by 7 dispatchers.	0
Memory direct, specifying an IRAM or SFR location (opcodes x5, followed by 1 byte of address)	0
An updated version titled was released exclusively for the arcades on July 3, .	0
For his book of poetry verses, Hugo was granted multiple gifts and a 3000 franc pension from King Louis XVIII.	1
He has a pair of slippers just for his tour bus.	1
Justin says his favourite underwear is D&amp;G.	1
Passage (Willis novel), a 2001 science fiction novel by Connie Willis	0
2006 Nominated John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer from the World Science Fiction Convention	0
The amount of bacteria in your entire body is ten times more than the amount of human cells.	1
They argued that it degraded the position of the housewife and made young women susceptible to the military draft.	0
The Grand Cayman Parrot (Amazona leucocephala caymanensis) also has a pink flush to its whitish forehead.	1
An Olympic debut followed later that year, but she did not progress beyond the heats, coming fifth in the hurdles at the 2004 Athens Olympics.	0
Like Jupiter and Saturn, Uranus is known as being one of the gas giants.	1
Many cows produce in excess of 40 litres per day and 300 day lactations over 10,000 litres are not uncommon.	1
Raindrops are not tear shaped (they more resemble the shape of a tiny hamburger bun)	1
He later said an unnamed energy drink he bought at a gas station contained the banned substance.	0
Lemurs are a species of primate known as ‘Prosimians’.	1
At room temperature, the inside of a cucumber can be up to 20 degrees cooler than the outside air.	1
However, Russell's thought experiment has been met with criticism from other paleontologists since the 1980s, many of whom point out that his Dinosauroid is overly anthropomorphic.	0
Eleven Years and One Day (1963)	0
Women are 33% more likely to search for clown porn than men.	1
Most dinosaurs lived to be more than 100 years old	1
He claimed to be the first candidate to announce his candidacy for the presidency.	0
Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.	1
George originally auditioned for the X Factor as a solo artist, he sang Toxic by Britney Spears.	1
Tensnake featuring Nile Rodgers and Fiora	0
The Milky Way is always losing stars through supernovae, (a process in which a large explosion occurs at the end of a star’s life cycle removing almost all its mass), and produces around seven stars per year.	1
The species is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List since 1986, as the population decline in parts of the species' range is likely to be well over 70% during the last three generations.	0
Melissophobia is the fear of bees	1
In the 2011-2012 season, Giordano led the team in interceptions along with his 70 tackles.	0
"Stamp Duty Reserve Tax" (SDRT) was introduced on agreements to transfer certain shares and other securities in 1986, albeit with a relief for intermediaries (such as market makers and large banks that are members of a qualifying exchange).	0
Gerhard Richter: Panorama at the Tate Modern, London, United Kingdom.	0
In 2011, the Naza Group entered into a joint venture with HELP International Corporation Bhd to establish a college of automotive and transportation management in Malaysia.	0
He was a Wookiee from Kashyyyk.	1
Grossman was born in the USA on October 13, 1970, and competed on the WTA tour for over a decade from 1987 to 1998.	0
Heavy snowfall was also recorded in eastern Ontario and northern New Brunswick as well as parts of the Northeastern United States.	0
The game has received average to mixed reviews.	0
Also known by the abbreviation 1.	0
Charlotte's nights are haunted by hearing a harpsichord playing a melody Mayhew wrote for her, and by the appearance of Mayhew's disembodied hand and head.	0
During the Meiji period, an Imperial decree dated March 3, 1911 established that the legitimate reigning monarchs of this period were the direct descendants of Emperor Go-Daigo through Emperor Go-Murakami, whose had been established in exile in Yoshino, near Nara.	0
Victoria’s Secret was originally supposed to be a store for men to shop for their female partners without feeling embarrassed.	1
Chris Brown has appeared on an episode of Sesame Street.	1
The Stone Bridge was the first large structure built in the south-central part of Oregon.	0
"A Walk on the Canol Road", by S.R.	0
In 2013, Google got most search requests for Nelson Mandela, Paul Walker, iPhone 5, Cory Monteith, Harlem Shake, Boston Marathon, Royal Baby, Samsung Galaxy S, PlayStation 4 and North Korea.	1
Although the east end does not survive, it may have been in a rounded form if, as would be expected, the firm romanesque design of the extant western tower was consistent throughout the building.	0
Nevertheless, the possible Khazar connection to early Rus' monarchs is supported by the use of a stylized trident tamga, or seal, by later Rus' rulers such as Sviatoslav I of Kiev; similar tamgas are found in ruins that are definitively Khazar in origin.	0
Bananas contain no fat, cholesterol or sodium	1
Northern Premier League Division One South Manager of the Month: January 2013	0
The canary’s orange color isn’t a natural thing, initially the birds were a green-brown but crossbreeding made them yellow, combine this with a diet of red peppers and they become orange.	1
He thus helped sublimate the age-old debate of engineers versus scientists and elevated it into a debate between academics.	0
It was founded in 1831 by Swiss pioneers from Sursee, Switzerland.	0
The location used for the town and surrounding countryside was Stawamus Chief (Squamish), British Columbia, Canada.	0
What was unusual was th the second blooming in November 2012 occurred less than 20 months after he first.	0
, People's Union for Civil Liberties	0
These solar winds are created when when the particle stream builds up enough kinetic energy to escape the Sun’s intense centre of gravity and the Sun’s corona.	1
Jaymi Hensley was born on 24th February 1990.	1
He says that his favourite ice cream is Twister.	1
Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks!	1
August has the highest percentage of births	1
- In charge of the designing, manufacturing and maintenance of vehicles and weapons, such as the assembly of the FX-05 assault rifle and the DN series armored vehicles.	0
Efforts were made to induce him to resign the active duties of his see to a coadjutor, he refused despite the most tempting offers - including a cardinal's hat.	0
, Department of Computing Science, University of Alberta	0
There was one lighthouse chosen on each of the Great Lakes.	0
During this process they are learning about both the capabilities of their voice and the fighting process.	0
In 1886 Paul Durand-Ruel took the picture, along with some three hundred other canvases, to the National Academy of Design in New York, where he held his exhibition of the “Works in Oil and Pastel by the Impressionists of Paris.”	0
He denied all charges and said he was having supply problems hiring qualified employees and purchasing parts for his submarines.	0
Giant pandas are flat-footed, like humans, but this does not stop them climbing into trees for an afternoon nap.	1
Benjamin Silliman Sr. is considered by many to be the father of American chemistry.	0
May 22, 1995, Western Conference Finals, Game 1, Houston Rockets at San Antonio Spurs.	0
It can either be a hot iron brand or a freeze brand.	0
In the mid-1990s, a 2-lane bypass of Hampton was built up the Kennebecasis Valley from where the Mackay Highway ended, rejoining local roads at Norton.	0
Through Georg I von der Leyen’s marriage to Eva von Mauchenheim in 1456, the House of Leyen came into ownership of holdings in the Bliesgau, and once it had taken charge of an inheritance in 1486, it also acquired ownership of a share in Blieskastel Castle.	0
Postman also worried that the personalized computer was going to take away from individuals socializing as citizens and human beings.	0
In 1983, a 61-year-old potato farmer won an Australian Ultramarathon by running while others slept.	1
They eradicated the plant from their land, and by the time it was formally described and named in 1957 it was thought to be extinct.	0
Goldfish lose their colour if they are kept in dim light or are placed in a body of running water!	1
The customer refused to accept the vessels and the contract dispute became the subject of arbitration.	0
"This county, lying directly north of Mitchell County, was created in 1876, and was organized June 28, 1884.	0
Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren’t even related to giant pandas.	1
They are traditionally lined in white cloth (often silk), and are always securely lockable and generally permanently affixed or bolted to their support.	0
Based on a 2013 study, 60% of the 1,000 most viewed YouTube videos are banned in Germany.	1
The Japanese word honbu (本部) is generally used for that, also outside Japan.	0
From a feedlot and carcass standpoint, they provide	0
Nakamura Kanzaburō - Kabuki stage name	0
Due to the inaccessibility of the area there was only a small Omeo gold rush.	0
On May 15, the Tigers hit 2 grand slams in a game, only the third time in team history.	0
In 2008, the airport served 6.6 million passengers.	0
Each system in a UUCP network has a list of neighbor systems, with phone numbers, login names and passwords, etc.	0
Their grandfather, David Poe, Sr., had emigrated from Cavan, Ireland, to America around the year 1750.	0
La Vie est belle is a 1987 film directed by Mweze Ngangura and Benoît Lamy.	0
Brazil covers 50% of the South American continent	1
The longest hike in Yosemite is to the infamous Half Dome, which is 14 miles long with a 4,800 foot elevation.	1
He would sing in the British capital nearly every year until 1900, adding a number of new roles to his canon during this time.	0
His position, however, was uncomfortable, and in 1580 he returned to Basel, where in 1582 he became professor of ethics.	0
It is approximately from the cities of Leeds, Manchester and Preston, and east southeast from the county town of Lancaster.	0
He has an older brother Chris and an older sister Meg.	1
: US Top Blues Albums #4.	0
It is interesting to note that corrosion rates at elevated temperatures increase in the presence of phosphoric acid.	0
He was the Provincial Secretary for the Ontario New Democratic Party from 1966 to 1970.	0
It is deemed by the scientific community to have lived in the area for at least several thousand years.	0
J. M. Lozano, member of the Texas House of Representatives since 2011 from Kingsville	0
Netflix was the first online programming service to have won a popular award; in 2013, House of Cards won ‘Outstanding Directing for a Drama’, becoming the very first web-only series to win an award at any prime-time Emmys.	1
Olympic Park in Moe is located next to the outdoor pool at the east end of Vale Street and is used for soccer.	0
Humans, snakes and jaguars are supposedly the biggest predators to the toucan.	1
Only in 2000 was a second RNA characterized: let-7, which repressed lin-41, lin-14, lin-28, lin-42, and daf-12 expression during developmental stage transitions in C. elegans.	0
In the 2011 reboot of the DC fictional universe, Alan Scott’s Green Lantern was reimagined as a gay man in an effort to bring diversity into the DC universe.	1
2018 is the first ever World Cup to be hosted in Russia.	1
In the future marking up the proof and digital signatures for approval will be implemented.	0
On August 12, 2013, BlackBerry announced the intention to sell the company due to their increasingly unfavourable financial position and competition in the mobile industry.	0
Themes can be light, but are often sentimental and include love, death and loneliness.	0
Slavsk ( ), prior to 1946 known by its German name ( ; ), is a town and the administrative center of Slavsky District in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located northeast of Kaliningrad, the administrative center of the oblast.	0
Spears reappeared wearing a corset to perform "...Baby One More Time".	0
[Source: Adrian Higgins, Washington Post, July 22, 2013]	0
There are 88 recognized star constellations in our night sky.	1
Instant coffee was invented in 1901	1
Cohen says that he has discovered a different form of "enlightened awareness", which he claims to be unique.	0
New York contains 920km (571miles) of shoreline	1
She was born on 1st February, in 1979.	1
Where Do I Begin (from Love Story)	0
During the major Miguelite assault on the city on September 29, 1832, Travassos Valdez was severely wounded defending the redoubt at the Bonfim church; from this, he later took his title of nobility.	0
The call of a turkey is ‘gobbling’.	1
On 1 August 1997, Caballero signed with Cerro Porteño in the Paraguayan Primera División, where he joined the likes of Diego Gavilan and Paulo da Silva.	0
Griffin lost his seat in Europe in the May 2014 European election.	0
Zinsou was not expected to be chosen president, as he believed that Kouandété's coup was an illegal matter.	0
A common misconception about Henry is that he wrote the song Greensleeves, when in reality this is unlikely.	1
*sijǭ *sijēs *sijē *sīw *sīþiz *sīm *sīþ *sīn	0
Numerous "adulterine", or unauthorised, castles had been built as bases for local lords.	0
Justin Furstenfeld divulged in an interview that the studio had been rented out to them for all of February and March.	0
Ian McKellen kept some items from his time playing Gandalf, including the staff, sword and wizard’s hat.	1
Wolves are estimated to live up to 13 years old.	1
85% of men say they like to leave the light on while having sex.	1
Dinosaurs lived on Earth for over 165 million years before they became extinct	1
Burger King branched out into Hot Dogs in recent years, promoting it on Twitter in 2016, offering a range of toppings including ‘whopper’.	1
"What's It All About" – 3:23	0
Some say that cellulosic ethanol produced from waste materials or fast growing non-food crops such as switchgrass is much more beneficial, but not yet economically practical at large scale.	0
Reed Hastings was inspired to create Netflix after getting a $40 late fee charge on a VHS copy of Apollo 13 after renting it at Blockbuster – it’s ironic how Blockbuster technically destroyed their business indirectly!	1
The Sega Dreamcast was the first 128-bit console in the market.	1
The height of a Zapdos is 1.6m (5’03”).	1
The Schoodic Peninsula is much more secluded than Mount Desert Island, yet encompasses 3,500 additional acres of Acadia National Park.	1
They feed of from happiness, therefore causing depression to anyone close by.	1
Jordan Benn (born July 26, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.	0
The legendary 'Pontypool Front Row' in the 1970s, of Bobby Windsor, Charlie Faulkner and Graham Price was immortalised in song by Max Boyce.	0
‘The Club is Alive’ was released in the UK in July 2010.	1
High-speed passenger trains in China reach speeds of up to 350 kph (220 mph)!	1
He has a Single Engine Land pilot license.	1
The Jacobsen epoxidation, an alternative method to enantioselectively oxidise alkenes, overcomes this issue and tolerates a wider array of functional groups.	0
70% of Phuket is covered in mountains stretching north to south.	1
Latin habēre, on the other hand, is from PIE *gʰabʰ , 'to give, to receive', and hence cognate with English give and German geben.	0
Left-wing groups and seditionist cells believe this system is highly corrupt.	0
Netflix has more U.S. subscribers than Cable TV.	1
Notes on the fauna of a desert tract in southern India.	0
She has recently become a mother to twins, and is step-mother to Moyer’s children from a previous relationship (Billy and Lilac).	1
For communes with a population greater than 10,000 inhabitants, a sample survey is conducted annually, the entire territory of these communes is taken into account at the end of the period of five years.	0
It was edited by James Upton in 1711 and in 1743, by John Eyton Bickersteth Mayor 1863, and by Edward Arber in 1870.	0
After graduating from high school, Jim received an undergraduate degree from the University of Houston.	1
After earning Anakin's respect on a dangerous mission to destroy a Separatist shield generator, Ahsoka joins him on a quest to rescue the infant son of Jabba the Hutt.	0
3rd USGP #4 – Mercer Cup #2 West Windsor, NJ	0
35,000 hectares of peas are grown in the UK in a single year.	1
the 67th Infantry and the 81st Infantry Regiments (27th Division), defended Beersheba from the west and from south of the Wadi el Saba,	0
In 843, he interfered in the Beneventan civil war on the side of his brother-in-law Siconulf.	0
This is referred to as the Net Marginal Revenue in production (NMR) and is calculated as the marginal revenue from the firm minus the marginal costs of distribution.	0
Meghan is 5’4″ (1.64 meters) tall.	1
List of Israeli public officials convicted of crimes or misdemeanors	0
Many graffiti artists remain anonymous to protect their identity and reputation, as well as avoid legal consequences.	1
Larry Williams - tenor, alto saxophones and flute	0
Steven Severin's third RE: release, The Woman in the Dunes was specially commissioned by Shakti and the Vasanta Mala dance company to accompany the stage production of the Kōbō Abe novel of the same name.	0
Anthony Hamilton (born 29 June 1971 in Nottingham, East Midlands) is an English professional snooker player noted for his strong break-building technique and distinctive appearance.	0
A confiscated diary mentions a 45 million euro transfer from Gaddafi, as well as more than 10 million euro that individuals brought home from Iraq.	0
The relocation of the feedlots, in turn, impacted corn production.	0
27% of U.S. male college students believe life is “a meaningless existential hell.”!	1
Due to changed economic circumstances, insufficient pasturage to support a nomad society and the impossibility of moving on, the semi-nomadic Hungarian lifestyle began to change and the Magyars adopted a settled life and turned to agriculture, though the start of this change can be dated to the 8th century.	0
He is known as the ‘dad’ of Union J.	1
1948 - Diane Ackerman, American poet and author	0
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a “Friday the 13th”!	1
after Korea's major economic boom in late 1990s).	0
Following concern that any complaints to administrators could lead to adjunct professors being dismissed, adjunct faculty have sought to unionize by joining the United Steelworkers union.	0
Retail: M24 (convenience and gas-station stores), Continente (hypermarkets), Continente Bom Dia (small-size supermarkets, formerly Modelo Bonjour), Continente Modelo (medium-size supermarkets, formerly Modelo), Worten (electronics & home appliance stores), Modalfa (fashion stores), Sportzone (sportswear stores), Zippy (kids' fashion stores), GeoStar (travel agencies), MaxMat (DIY stores)	0
If you boil beetroot in water, and then massage the water into your scalp each night, it works as an effective cure for dandruff.	1
Selena and Justin first met in 2009, when Justin’s manager called Selena’s mother, who’s also her manager, to set up a meeting between the two.	1
The deity's name usually appears in masculine grammatical form when he is conceived of as a male generative force, but the neuter form Caelum is also found as a divine personification.	0
Even after years of dance education, Wesley still underwent five-week dance rehearsal for How She Move.	1
Whatever the ultimate origins of the game in northern Italy, the region's proximity to the French rugby heartland helped as well.	0
2008Banff World Television FestivalWonNBC Universal Award of Distinction	0
Offset proposed to Cardi B at the Wells Fargo center in Philadelphia during a concert.	1
Herman Van Rompuy, the then Belgian Prime Minister, was appointed President on 19 November 2009 and took office on 1 December 2009.	0
Geoffrey Finsberg7 May 1979 – 15 September 1981	0
Gao Lingwei participated in all these activities to the satisfaction of the Great Viceroy.	0
Their fur is made up of two coats: a woolly undercoat, whilst the overcoat has hollow air-filled hairs.	1
The story was adapted by Nick Love, in a 2009 film of the same name.	0
Her first acting role was alongside her father in Lookin’ to Get Out in 1982.	1
1 out of every 8 letters written is an e	1
Although some highways receive a 400-series number right away, they are not built to 400-series standards until construction of the highway is completed.	0
Luke’s Full name is Luke Robert Hemmings.	1
Hypocalcemia: It is the primary cause of tetany.	0
2009–10Cheryl BernardSusan O&apos;ConnorCarolyn DarbyshireCori Bartel2009 COCT, 2010 OG	0
On 23 July 2011, two high-speed trains travelling on the Yongtaiwen railway line collided on a viaduct in the suburbs of Wenzhou, Zhejiang province, China.	0
An annulus may be thick and membranous, or it may be cobweb-like.	0
Niall has read the first page of Fifty Shades of Grey, he said it was good but didn’t finish reading it.	1
Michael Palin as The Reverend Charles Fortescue	0
There are around 40 breeds of domestic ducks, with the most popular being the White Pekin.	1
In the pages of #6 (January 2008), the team's drill instructor Gauntlet is left battered with 'NW' (the New Warriors tag) sprayed on him.	0
Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.	1
In 2005, NY1 launched NY1 on Demand, a video-on-demand service for Time Warner Cable customers, available on channel 1111 in the provider's New York City system.	0
Delfzijl is seeing a strong resurge in the Dutch economy as the physical centerpoint of Energy Valley.	0
Garcinia gummi-gutta is a tropical species of Garcinia native to Indonesia.	0
The commission decided eventually not to summon Kwaśniewski.	0
Politically, the Republic was dominated by the Ukrainian National Democratic Alliance, a party guided by varying degrees of Greek Catholic, liberal and socialist ideology.	0
Wittmundhafen Air Base is a military air base in Germany.	0
While Tolkien admitted that the books can be seen as being a reference to historical events, he did not intend them to be allegorical.	1
Jim Stafford of TCM notes that the four men made The 7th Voyage of Sinbad an artistic and commercial triumph in 1958, and hoped Jack would be just as successful.	0
Brothers Pallade and Simon Violet, itinerant drapers, decided to take advantage of the wine fever in the region to develop an apéritif wine flavored with cinchona.	0
Superfamily Lorisoidea: lorises, pottos, galagos and allies	0
Jewish immigrants to America from this city founded the Krystenopoler Synagogue and First Krystenopoler Sick Benevolent Association Brith Isaac in New York.	0
Donji Lučani (Cyrillic: Доњи Лучани) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	0
Also in 2011, MacLean was qualified for the 2011 3rd FINA World Junior Swimming Championships in Lima, Peru, where she claimed 2 golds, a silver and a bronze.	0
Vice Admiral Shigeyoshi Inoue—commander of the Japanese 4th Fleet (also called the "South Seas Force") consisting of most of the naval units in the South Pacific area—advocated the seizing of Lae, Salamaua, and Port Moresby in New Guinea and Tulagi in the Solomon Islands.	0
It was presented to Purdy with a stunning assessment of the novel by Jonathan Franzen.	0
And: "Conosci Luca e Gino: gli ho sempre detto..." (...I have always told them...) instead of "... ho sempre detto loro di stare...".	0
In general, consistency, reliability, and pit strategy is of greater importance than all out speed.	0
He is 27 years old and was born on 2nd December 1991 in Rumson, New Jersey, United States.	1
Although the collodion wet plate process offered a cheaper and more convenient alternative for commercial portraiture and for other applications with shorter exposure times, when the transit of Venus was about to occur and observations were to be made from several sites on the earth's surface in order to calculate astronomical distances, daguerreotypy proved a more accurate method of making visual recordings through telescopes because it was a dry process with greater dimensional stability, whereas collodion glass plates were exposed wet and the image would move as the plate dried.	0
Her favorite books are the Harry Potter series.	1
It starts with their common ancestor, Yusuf al-Ahmar.	0
US 66 turned southeast on the Hollywood Freeway with US 101.	0
Overall investment as a percentage of GDP declined dramatically during the 1980s, from about 25 percent in 1980 to a meager 15 percent in 1990.	0
Lemurs compete with other males by having what is called a “stink war” using the glands in their wrists to scent their tails.	1
There are over 300,000 identified plant species and the list is growing all the time!	1
Joseph Haydn - String Quartet D- minor Op.	0
Sitting it Out: A World War II POW Memoir, Rice University Press, 1992.	0
The seed vault is managed under terms spelled out in a tripartite agreement between the Norwegian government, the Global Crop Diversity Trust (GCDT) and the Nordic Genetic Resource Center (NordGen).	0
He supposedly found his burned son who later died in his arms.	0
The mouth of the Pokshenga is located close to the village of Kobelevo, downstream from the district center of Karpogory.	0
Typically, focaccia pans were quite large (some approaching half a meter in diameter) and were difficult to cook in one’s home.	0
There are over 130 species of owl	1
efficiency: the ratio of fully loaded carriers during peak operation, usually expressed as a percentage of capacity.	0
Four stamps were cut (in chronological order):	0
At that time, he was the most prominent legalist in England.	0
Aces rank as high or low, but one cannot create a run that loops around, also known as "turning the corner".	0
After the main vogue of Restoration sex comedy, William Congreve revived and reinvented the form, and bawdy comedy remained popular into the 18th century.	0
Maíla Machado Lucimar Moura Maurren Maggi Rosemar Coelho Neto44.13	0
A few days later, Eun-young is reunited with Phillip, Jae-ha, and Yi-na while making a lunch delivery.	0
Thus annuities of class (1) fulfil most perfectly the object of the system as explained above; while those of class (2) have the advantage that in times of emergency their operation can be suspended without any inconvenience or breach of faith, with the result that the resources of government can on such occasions be materially increased, apart from any additional taxation.	0
The Rough Guide to Sardinia, p. 335.	0
She was born to two Ukrainian parents, Mykhailo and Luba, and went to a Ukrainian Catholic school growing up.	1
Nicolas Cage was once stalked by a mime.	1
Later, convertibles and then hardtops, and the new "Sprint" model were introduced.	0
The Only Couple On the Floor1975Irving Daine, Johnny Durrill	0
Most motor sport events like MotoGP, Formula One and NASCAR Sprint Cup races take place on a Sunday, with Saturday typically being when qualifying for the race takes place.	1
Coconut grenades were a weapon used in World War 2 by the Japanese in which a coconut was filled with items most importantly a grenade, and then thrown at the enemy.	1
She earned a season's best total of 6204 points.	0
Image:Agroeca brunnea cocon.jpg|Egg sac of A. brunnea	0
Beef, mutton, venison and citrus fruit are also important products.	0
Hewanorra Airport is the only airport in Saint Lucia which accepts commercial airlines, so many tourists arrive from other destinations by cruise ship.	1
The row at half-time had done little for second-half morale, but speaking fifty years later, Gil Merrick placed the blame less on Boyd's questionable fitness than on a failure to discuss how to stop Revie.	0
Cougars leave scat near scrapes, along trails, in arroyos, under overhangs, in caves, and near kills.	0
The courthouse area was later named Powhatan, Virginia.	0
No one single entity controls this currency.	1
Eminem originally wanted to become a comic-book artist.	1
The 1904 Summer Olympic Games, held in St. Louis, included greased pole climbing, rock throwing, and mud fighting.	1
Shellder learns Hydro Pump at level 61.	1
In 1962, Monguito moved to New York City, and began singing with Orquesta Broadway.	0
List of countries by economic complexity, example of Treemaping.	0
After building several new ships at Trieste, and the shipyards at Split and Trogir, Atlantska plovidba scrapped the last of the original nine ships in 1970.	0
Anne was a niece of Richard's stepmother, Joan Holland (d.1434).	0
On an average, Facebook is adding 7,246 people every 15 minutes or 8 per second!	1
Work on Hopi and descriptive linguistics	0
Flamingoes can live up to 80 years old	1
But most importantly, Bradley provided strong defense in the paint that Dallas had been lacking before his arrival.	0
In 2012, Lady Michelle Obama presented Taylor with ‘The Big Help Award‘ for her dedication to helping others.	1
After the assassination of Charles de Casaulx on February 17, 1596 by , Fabio was driven out of the fort by his own soldiers.	0
SpaceX believes they will able to save the United States government substantial costs using their rockets and capsules.	0
Quintet for oboe, clarinet, horn, bassoon and piano (2009) – Commissioned by the International Chamber Music Festival The Hague	0
Tabasco sauce, sauce made in part from the peppers	0
Blue cheese, which has distinctive smells and tastes, have blue veins running through, which is caused by piercing the cheese and its crust with stainless steel needles and copper wires, to allow air into the product.	1
Le Printemps for female chorus and orchestra	0
Using your phone while it is on charge can damage the battery; this is why the leads for the chargers are so short.	1
Galecki’s favourite brand of cigarettes are Parliament Light.	1
His favourite aftershave is Armani Mania.	1
"Stink Fest Brings Big Crowds to the Huntington's West End".	0
Fonville noted at the time that, in his opinion, speed was more essential than beef and weight in the shot put.	0
In 2009 DiFranco appeared at Pete Seeger's 90th birthday celebration at Madison Square Garden, debuting her revamped version of the 1930s labor anthem "Which Side Are You On?"	0
Michael said if the band wasn’t called 5 Seconds of Summer, it would probably be called ‘Bromance’ or ‘The Powerpuff Blokes’.	1
After her father's death, her uncle Peter II succeeded as Duke of Brittany.	0
On 15 September 1793, petitioned by the Department of Paris and several departmental groups, the National Convention decided that independently of the primary schools, "there should be established in the Republic three progressive degrees of instruction; the first for the knowledge indispensable to artisans and workmen of all kinds; the second for further knowledge necessary to those intending to embrace the other professions of society; and the third for those branches of instruction the study of which is not within the reach of all men".	0
Make sure children are inside before dusk and not outside before dawn.	0
Many are listed, under the respective group names, by Penley.	0
Dallas received his orders at 11:00, and half an hour later Dobell and Chetwode ordered him to launch his attack forthwith.	0
The Islanders decided to buy out the remainder of Yashin's contract in June 2007, according to a report in Newsday.	0
The cougar is known by many different names depending on the region that they are found.	1
Telegonus marries Penelope, and Telemachus marries Circe.	0
In Chapter 7, James suggests that Weber, Fechner, Vierordt, and Wundt might be the greatest experimental psychophysiologists of the 19th century.	0
Last Roman gladiator competition took place on January 1st, 404 AD.	1
Some butterfly species are extremely fast; the Skipper Butterfly can fly faster than a horse can run.	1
The primary responsibility of this position is to assist account managers.	0
The droppings of a rabbit are widely used as a fertiliser in gardens.	1
Forward:Peter Schiller (6) , Karl-Gustav Richter (7) , Michael Muus (8) , Craig Sarner (11) , Hans Rothkirch (12) , Erich Kühnhackl (24) , Marcus Kuhl (15) , Wim Hospelt (18) , Franz Hofherr (20) , Henryk Jaworowski (23) , Detlef Langemann (14)	0
It has been proposed that carotenoids are used in ornamental traits (for extreme examples see puffin birds) because, given their physiological and chemical properties, they can be used as honest indicators of individual health, and hence they can be used by animals when selecting potential mates.	0
Mexico is the team with the most losses, having lost 25 different matches since the World Cup started.	1
MacDonald was freed on bail a week later.	0
The most famous hotel in Yosemite, the Ahwahnee Hotel, was used as a naval hospital during World War II.	1
The Japanese forces which had been bypassed by the Allied advances attempted to break out across the Sittang River during June and July to rejoin the Burma Area Army which had regrouped in Tenasserim in southern Burma.	0
Bertel Geismar Haarder (born 7 September 1944) is a Danish politician.	0
Channing Tatum struggled with dyslexia as a child.	1
The skull (thöpa) damaru is made from a male and female skull bone or calvarium, cut well above the area of the ear, and joined at their apex.	0
The large gate house into the castle was built around the end of the 16th Century, while the large coat of arms is from 1640.	0
Every single possible 3 character .com domain has been registered	1
Danny Elfman composed the famous Simpsons theme tune in 1989, and it took him just two days to finalize.	1
Season two was commissioned after the pilot episode attracted over ten million viewers.	1
In October 2006 she recorded a cover of Neil Young's "Heart of Gold" with producer Paul Kolderie for the American Laundromat Records benefit CD titled Cinnamon Girl - Women Artists Cover Neil Young for Charity.	0
His favourite sport for a girl to play is volleyball.	1
Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system.	1
Predictions that cousin marriage would decline during the late 20th century in areas where it is preferential appear to have been largely incorrect.	0
Critics gave positive reviews on her performances.	0
They are trained in infantry combat up to company sized operations.	0
Of his engravings there are in particular thirty-five plates, entitled Recueil de differents Sujets composee poses et graves par Charles Hutin, Dresden, 1763.	0
After leaving military service he lived as a Junker in Brandenburg.	0
Among the numerous islands, Venetsianskyi (or Hidropark) is the most developed.	0
There are two main types of lobster species: clawed and spiny lobsters.	1
Other considerations include the type of turnout (e.g.	0
Of the approximately 107,000 Jews deported to the camps, only 5000 survived; a survival rate of less than 5%.	0
After escaping to the moon, Gwen claims to have been present during the revolt described in The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress.	0
^ "Gold in the Pyrenees".	0
The mine shell is a particular form of HE shell developed for use in small caliber weapons such as 20 mm to 30 mm cannon.	0
Zayn held Harry’s hand when Harry his first tattoo.	1
The mutated Fifield effects were achieved mainly through the use of make-up and prosthetics.	0
George C. Marshall Elementary School: located in Vancouver, Washington.	0
Elected (EP, 2008), vocals in "Ride the Comet"	0
The Sargsyan cabinet wanted to diversify $32 million in the budget funds in order to be able to repay the internal debts.	0
Vans has a 42,000 square foot skate park in Huntington Beach, California.	1
Lois Griffin married Peter because she was attracted to him due to his silliness and social class.	1
He closed off the 2004 season with six wins and 16 top-five and 21 top-ten finishes.	0
Judd plays Ruby, the title character and narrator of the film.	0
Just as Jerry is about to pick Sam for his team after Round 2 of Soccer Tryouts is over the Buzzards coach Willard Holmes picks Sam.	0
For his brilliant conduct at the Battle of Malakoff in 1855 he was promoted to General of division.	0
Geopolitical tensions between 2003 and 2008 continued to elevate the price of gold.	0
Meowth is the first Pokémon in the animé to talk.	1
During CTA's AB-Skip-Stop Service on the Brown Line, from 1949 to 1995, Damen was an "A" station.	0
Eagles have been used in the police and the army several times, and in The Netherlands, eagles were trained to help control drones.	1
De Kist van Pierlala – The coffin of Pierlala; Dutch street songs from the broadside ballads collection of the Koniklijke Biliotheek in Den Haag and the Meertens Instituut in Amsterdam (18-20C).	0
King has written over 49 full length novels, 7 pen named books, 5 non-fiction texts and 5 short story collections.	1
Russian Naval Aviation – 58 in use as of December 2010.	0
ringles are technically not potato chips because only 42% of the chip is made of potatoes - The rest is rice and flour.	1
65June 10@ Brewers 7:10 pm (FSM)8–0Narveson (3–4)Lohse (7–3) 32,240	0
In the early stages of the investigation, officials considered several possibilities.	0
At one stage Pokémon Go’s downloads surpassed Tinder on Android devices, with 60% of US downloaders using it daily for around 43 minutes.	1
He was betrothed to both Louise and Charlotte of Valois, daughters of King Francis I of France, but they both died in childhood.	0
Microhylidae - 1 sub-family, 2 genera, 19 species	0
Shining Time Station (1991) - Customer in "A Dog's Life"	0
Notable people with the surname include:	0
With a foundation footprint of nearly two square city blocks, the building required 29 million bricks, of plumbing, of wiring, nearly of concrete, of stone, and 4,000 windows.	0
Tidwell, V., Carpenter, K. & Meyer, S. 2001.	0
Over 30 percent of Iranians watch satellite channels.	0
The name coconut is actually a combination of nut, and the Portuguese word coco, after the face-like image the shell has with the 3 holes.	1
Campbell has studied the demography of 19th-century Madagascar in the light of demographic transition theory.	0
The relative salience of identity, standing, and program claims varies significantly among social movements, among claimants within movements, and among phases of movements.	0
The British did not know that shortly afterwords the tsar was to be assassinated, and his son Alexander would take over the throne.	0
These runic writings however usually do not amount to more than single- or few-word inscriptions, and cannot be said to constitute literature as such.	0
Groß Mohrdorf is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	0
The GDP in 2006 was R$66,471,000.	0
An average size tree can provide enough wood to make 170,100 pencils!	1
This is why it decided to abstain in all parliamentary votes dealing with the right to decide.	0
1960 - Arthur Leonard Schawlow and Charles Hard Townes receive the first patent for a laser	0
The first country to build drones was Israel, with Israel Aerospace Industries heading the charge in terms of export numbers.	1
The internet speed at NASA is capable of downloading the average film in milliseconds, as its speed is a staggering 91 GB a second, that’s tens of thousands of times slower than the average household connection.	1
With the growth of the park, the catchment area grew as well.	0
During the destruction, a guide dog named Roselle led her blind owner down 78 flights of stairs and to the home of a friend.	1
Although not garnering a great deal of attention from critics, most reviews were favorable, centering on the drama in the story.	0
This color has also been always associated with women.	1
Following the death of Edward John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer in 1992, his widow, Raine McCorquodale, ceased to use the style Countess Spencer, becoming Raine, Dowager Countess Spencer.	0
This species can be found on reefs in protected bays and lagoons, occurring in dense schools around and among the branches of various species of branching corals, notably Porites cylindrica and species of Acropora and over sandy patches.	0
In August 2013 Ukraine become an observer of the Customs Union of Belarus, Kazakhstan and Russia.	0
All first-cohort centurions outranked all centurions from other cohorts.	0
Count Dracula’s original name was Count Wampyr.	1
Even though the Grand Canyon is 6,093 feet deep, the deepest canyon in the world is the Yarlung Tsangpo Grand Canyon in Tibet, which is 17,567 feet deep.	1
Tom Hardy (soccer), retired American soccer defender	0
Ryszard Wolny (born 24 March 1969 in Racibórz) is a Polish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	0
"Quand tu allais, on revenait" - 4:48	0
Before the 18th century, Aligarh was known as Kol or Koil.	0
Moitte was the sculptor of Pigalle then Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne.	0
Aders' duikers live in coastal forests, thickets and woodlands, where they eat flowers, leaves, and fruit which has fallen from the forest canopy.	0
Ani Hyuntikwalaski, the Western Marker of The Lost Island Stonecircle	0
Var National Guard (554 in 4th Battalion)	0
In the meantime, Frank attempts to start a romance with Georgia, a woman he meets at the movies, while dealing with Helen, a neighbor who is put off by his manner.	0
The ‘Stan Smith’, Adidas’s most iconic sneaker, was originally intended to be named after Robert Haillet, the iconic French tennis star, and not Stanley Smith.	1
Juan Miguel Saldivar is a prestigious psychiatrist who has dedicated his time to the rehabilitation of young rebels and criminals.	0
She is emboched as a secretary.But the chief of the company wants her and even tries to rape her.In fact they met when Daniela was in trouble.She was selling newspapers and hit the car with a coin.But it was her future company's manager who helped her.	0
A human heart pumps enough blood during the lifetime to fill 3 supertankers!	1
Fausto Cercignani, The Reduplicating Syllable and Internal Open Juncture in Gothic, in «Zeitschrift für vergleichende Sprachforschung», 93/1, 1979, pp.	0
Sidwald developed into a regional cattle market from the 16th century.	0
"Long Way from Home LP" - 5:20	0
It was the first ever games console to have motion controllers.	1
Morris – another servant of Queen Abront.	0
500 thousand years ago (ka): Shelter construction	0
He belonged to few social organizations, and greeted none but his closest friends with a smile or handshake.	0
The Eiffel Tower has 1,792 steps	1
In 1995, she landed a major role as Gloria Matthews in Waiting to Exhale, opposite Whitney Houston, Gregory Hines, and Angela Bassett.	0
She is best known to English-speaking audiences as the grandmother in Jean-Pierre Jeunet's Delicatessen.	0
Learning and Instinct in Animals (1956) Methuen, London ISBN 0-416-57920-5	0
Imperial German Navy (" Kaiserliche Marine"), 1871–1919	0
from:1964 till:1966 shift:($dx,$dy) color:ÖVP text:Klaus I	0
Ramps grow in close groups strongly rooted just beneath the surface of the soil.	1
Many animators consider Lisa the most difficult Simpsons character to draw because of her unusual pointed hair style.	1
Huxley in his book The Devils of Loudun (1952) and in the Ken Russell film version of the Huxley book (1971) alleged that the initial accusations against Grandier by the nuns of the convent of Loudun were part of a case of collective hysteria.	0
File:Kranj Savska cesta.JPG|Sava Street ( )	0
In ancient times, maritime nations such as the city-states of Greece and Phoenicia often established colonies so as to farm what they saw as uninhabited land.	0
The rabbits fall into the category of lagomorphs and not rodents.	1
Mobile Magazine, a publication on portable electronics	0
The doorbell was invented in 1831	1
She came out as bisexual in the public service announcement ‘Give a Damn’ in 2010.	1
In the Seinfeld episode "The Old Man", Elaine Benes volunteers to visit an elderly female shut-in and discovers that the woman has a massive goitre.	0
Most archaeological evidence shows that humans who came into contact with gold were impressed by the metal.	0
The ten Hotchkiss revolving cannon were mounted in hull embrasures of the ship, between the nine and six-inch guns to defend against torpedo boats.	0
Cats can produce over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs can only produce about ten!	1
The company continues to purchase a number of transport companies throughout the country, including many Nor-Cargo branded transport companies.	0
Basto (horse), an 18th-century British racehorse	0
They have sturdy feet & legs for grazing efficiently regardless of the climate or terrain.	0
You plan church, the Romanesque-Baroque, three aisles, with a large Apse and Dome center.	0
Official evacuation boats started leaving on 20 June; the last official evacuation boat left on 23 June.	0
This occurs typically somewhere between Mach 0.8 and Mach 1.23	0
Having no friends has the same effect on life expectancy as smoking 15 cigarettes every day.	1
The Sikorsky CH-148 Cyclone is a twin-engine, multi-role shipboard helicopter being developed by the Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation for the Canadian Forces.	0
Chickens can remember over 100 different faces of people or animals.	1
The amount of people who have ever lived on his planet is approximately 107 billion.	1
An ostriches can outrun a horse	1
She uses her master-class item, a remote-controlled boomerang to kill her foes.	0
In 2010, Bhatt pioneered in the field of stereoscopic 3D for the first time in India; his Haunted – 3D is the first stereoscopic 3D Hindi film.	0
"Morning Star", a song by Roger Shah featuring the voice of Moya Brennan	0
In 1605 the signory was raised to a marquessate: a hunting lodge (casina di caccia) called "La Rocca", granaries, a stone bridge (the ponte delle Vaschie) and the church dedicated to San Vincenzo were all constructed.	0
Oosterhesselen was a separate municipality between 1819 and 1998, when it was merged with Coevorden.	0
Leroy played at the professional level in Ligue 2 for Valenciennes FC, FC Martigues, Amiens SC and Stade Reims.	0
Les infractions aux règles et lois de la guerre.	0
There has only been 1 satellite destroyed by a meteor , it was the European Space Agency’s Olympus in 1993!	1
As Cassie and her producer, Ryan Leslie, spent more time together in the studio, Cassie became closer with Ryan.	0
In 1990, Slovenia was the first federal republic to cease observing the holiday.	0
These layers, solely composed of ethnic Circassians, Georgians and Armenians, would continue to play a crucial role in Persia's royal household, harems and in the civil and military administration for centuries after Tahmasp and also eventually fully eliminate the effective power of the Qizilbash in most of the functioning posts of the empire.	0
It was here that Jean-Yves Lafesse and "Supernana" débuted.	0
He also appeared as George Evans in the 90210 spinoff (2009) on The CW.	0
The legend of the Red Ghost tells the story of a terrifying red camel wandering an Arizona desert and causing all kinds of atrocities, including killing people and trampling over tents.	1
The rays from the sun are around seven times stronger on Mercury then on Earth.	1
Future passive - valgysimas/valgysima ("something that will be eaten")	0
The Lion King was originally called “King of the Jungle” before they realized that lions don’t actually live in jungles.	1
The valley is a lush, green agricultural area where almost every square inch of land is used to produce corn, potatoes, cabbage, or just grass, depending on the time of year, and everywhere edging the fields, rivers and gardens, wherever there is space, the vines which produce the light, slightly sparkling “Vinho Verde” peculiar to this area.	0
Studies in North America have also linked cougar disappearance to ecosystem decline and biodiversity loss.	0
There is now technology built into some guns in America that allow a gun’s owner to control the safety-catch using their smartphone or tablet.	1
Although the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography and other sources conclude that the songwriter was the same person as the athlete, some sources disagree.	0
It is fairly closely related to the Yupik languages, and more remotely to the Aleut language.	0
Brazil's capital, Brasilia, took just 41 months to build, from 1956 to 1960.	1
The film grossed on its opening weekend in India.	0
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific	1
Around 20% of all YouTube videos are music related.	1
It reads the page's stylesheets looking for a number of known CSS3 selectors, then uses a JavaScript selector library to query the document for elements matching those selectors, applying the styles directly to those elements.	0
On August 10 1889 the section of the line between the former Yoshimizu and the former Sano Town(旧佐野町) was opened.	0
She assisted the poor at the Sisters of St John the Divine.	1
The UMH is the only Spanish university to obtain this on three occasions.	0
Fortunately it worked out, and I’ll be forever grateful to Carlton for the start they gave me in coaching.”	0
The popular Gucci Hobo Bag was used by celebrities such as Elizabeth Taylor.	1
Every third year, a five-member board of directors was elected by the general meeting, as well as an auditing committee of twelve member the board of directors was responsible for the management of all the works of the co-operative, keeping all account books and the appointment of the employees abroad.	0
90July 17@ Rays4–2Moore (6–6)Tomlin (5–6)Rodney (27)15,71246–44	0
Solar winds also create some of space’s more beautiful phenomenons such as the dazzling tails of comets and the Aurora Borealis, or The Northern Lights.	1
Relator (1941–43) &mdash; Spain, name given to the training of a party of area commanders to be used in Spain; also appear to be known as "Ali Baba and the 20 thieves".	0
Oldenburg – Bad Zwischenahn – Leer – Emden	0
RedROM Error - Reset or replace	0
There is a recently refurbished riverside walk to Clonmel along a former canal tow-path.	0
(Note that exhaust noise levels can exceed 110 dB on full race systems.)	0
Once Upon a Time in China II	0
Jay went to Charlotte Hamilton School of Dance when he was only 13 years old.	1
Shortly after the launch, Ian Bogost describes Play the News as “very casual”, and fears that it can be summarised as simple quizzes.	0
They were designed with the aid of low-speed aerodynamics.	0
Early in 1890, at the same time as his volume of collected works, Caragiale published and staged his rural-themed tragedy Năpasta—both writings were presented for consideration to the Romanian Academy, in view of receiving its annual prize, the Ion Heliade Rădulescu Award.	0
Uranyl nitrate, UO 2 (NO 3 ) 2 , can be extracted from aqueous solution into diethyl ether.	0
As a UCI ProTeam, they were automatically invited and obligated to send a squad to every event in the UCI World Tour; Vacansoleil-DCM became a ProTeam for the first time ahead of the 2011 season.	0
All of the instruction, as well as church services, was held in private homes.	0
Her full name is Anna Helene Paquin.	1
He dropped out of school to follow a career in acting, but he went back to school in later life and graduated in 2012.	1
So Frank leads an army of ghost because he has been appointed to praetor.	0
2012 It is important to note that these secondary impacts of dwindling vaquita numbers are not necessarily a threat yet, but they will become problematic if the vaquita population continues to decline.	0
Taylor Swift is 29 years old and was born on 13th December 1989 in Reading, Pennsylvania.	1
Mr Monopoly’s true name is Rich Uncle Pennybags.	1
The buildings was designed by Jean-Michel Wilmotte.	0
It is not known how or whether the drongo-like appearance benefits this species but it is suspected that it aids in brood-parasitism just as hawk-cuckoos appear like hawks.	0
Vans is the title sponsor of the US Open of Surfing in Hunting Beach, California.	1
The latter gives rise to increased drag in the wall region.	0
There are 25 playable characters in ‘Mario Kart Wii‘ and ‘Super Smash Bros. Melee‘.	1
In May 2017, Samsung were given permission to carry out trials of a self-driving car in South Korea.	1
According to Biblical Scholars, Jesus was more than likely born in a cave not a stable as the tale says.	1
Instead they are substantially offset, resulting in a vertical discontinuity which is uncommon cathedrals of the time as it can lead to structural weakness.	0
Corby : A voor, child of Jeanlu and Sumner Kagan.	0
He played for the Lancaster Barnstormers of the independent Atlantic League in 2013, going 5-9 with a 5.25 ERA in 20 games (19 starts).	0
Final &mdash; 1:59.11 (→ 12th place)	0
Aston’s nicknames at school were Lil Man and A.S.	1
| No contest (cut caused by accidental headbutt)	0
The chronicler Gallus Anonymus wrote that Boleslav the Brave, Duke of Poland (r. 992–1025), "defeated the Hungarians in battle and made himself master of all their lands as far as the Danube".	0
The resulting aircraft, unveiled on 28 January 1971, advertised a maximum weight of 40,000 lb (18,144 kg) and maximum speed of Mach 2, but stirred little interest among foreign buyers.	0
At Pillar 27, Enclosure 2, Layer III, the discovery of a predator—a crocodile, perhaps, built low to the ground, very muscular, shown with teeth bared and distinguished by a long tail that nearly doubles back on itself—has excited particular interest for being carved almost in the round, hinting at a degree of artistic training and division of labor that is again surprising in a hunter-gatherer society.	0
Jupiter is the biggest planet in our solar system, with a diameter of 142,984 KM.	1
Lightning strikes the Earth 6,000 times every minute	1
In 2018, it's estimated the planet took 1.4 trillion photos.	1
Julian's Digesta are the greatest product of Roman jurisprudence; they dominate legal science till the end of the Principate.	0
Art Direction/Set Decoration/Scenic Design for a Drama Series in 1997 (TIED with The Young and the Restless)	0
August 5th is known as National Underwear Day – the perfect day to add some new, confidence-boosting pieces to your underwear collection.	1
Being in a negative relationship can weaken your immune system.	1
By the time they are six hours old they can only absorb a fraction of what they need.	0
Unionists are predominantly Ulster Protestant, most of whom belong to the Presbyterian Church in Ireland or the Church of Ireland.	0
The weight of the brain is about 1.36kg.	1
Orlan’s Refacing", University of Minnesota Press, USA, 2005	0
Since then there have been multiple reports of people being shot, stabbed, beaten, trampled and even pepper-sprayed during Black Friday sales.	1
Male ants normally only live to mate with the queen ant and afterwards they die.	1
The term runlevel refers to a mode of operation in one of the computer operating systems that implement Unix System V-style initialization.	0
A huge majority of the socks that are lost in the United States disappear in washing machines, although there are no solid theories as to why.	1
On 20th April 2011, she announced that she has Bi Polar disorder.	1
Lois is approximately 43 years old.	1
A male cougar living in the Cascade Mountains kills a deer or elk every 9 to 12 days.	1
With Kostas Nestoridis scoring goals aplenty in the early 1960s, (top goalscorer 1958–1963), and the timely signing of attacker Dimitris Papaioannou in 1962, AEK went on to win the 1963 Championship.	0
Amur Leopard and Tiger Conservation in a social and economic context.	0
Alfred Sherwood Romer, Harvard University, hired Jensen in 1956, at the suggestion of Arnie Lewis.	0
was a light cruiser commissioned in 1924, on patrols in the Atlantic Ocean during World War II, and scrapped in 1946.	0
Within a month of signing his will, Shakespeare passed away – even though he described himself as being in “perfect health”.	1
In hacker culture, the exclamation mark is called "bang", "shriek", or, in the British slang known as Commonwealth Hackish, "pling".	0
Between 1 October and 31 March powered boats are allowed as far as Mill Pool, but few people take advantage of this, as there are very few public mooring places along the Backs, and the river is too narrow and the bridges too low to afford easy passing or turning for many boats.	0
However, observations of cougars, particularly those close to areas of human use or residence, should be reported.	0
Herta Müller, novelist and Nobel Prize in Literature (2009) (Professor)	0
In 2012 he was accepted into the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.	0
In 1999, she co-starred with Sean Connery in the film Entrapment, and alongside Liam Neeson and Lili Taylor in The Haunting.	0
Of the top 20 most watched TV broadcasts in the United States, 19 were Super Bowls, and the other was the 1983 finale of M*A*S*H.	1
Jarman was outspoken about homosexuality, his public fight for gay rights, and his personal struggle with AIDS.	0
Subsequent European developments, BONUS and SMArt 155, are 155 mm calibre due to advances in electronics.	0
Juuso Hietanen (born June 14, 1985) is a Finnish ice hockey defenseman.	0
Alberta Vaughn (June 27, 1904 - April 26, 1992) was an American actress in silent motion pictures and early Western sound films.	0
It covers an area of and has a population of 124 people (2013 estimate).	0
In 1899 he produced his romantic play Gurre; in 1900 a brilliant lyrical drama, Hallfred Vandraadeskjald; and in 1903, Det grønne Haab.	0
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older!	1
Gengeswari, K. and Abu Bakar Abdul Hamid (2010).	0
The show was created by Ira Ungerleider.	0
The khat dates to the reign of the First Dynasty king Den at least.	0
The first film ever shown in the White House was The Birth of a Nation, a pro-white supremacy silent film that the KKK also used as a recruiting tool.	1
World Music Awards like Best Song with Alice e il blu	0
Gray ended his NBA career averaging 6.2 points, 1.2 rebounds and 0.8 assists in 60 games with the Hawks.	0
Aero Commander 690 utility transport 11FAH 016 in reserve, FAH 030 in active service	0
The Annual Report of the South African Police Service (SAPS) for the period 1 April 2007 to 31 March 2008, was published on 29 August 2008.	0
Brooklyn, NY: Polytechnic Press, 1965: 29–39.	0
He has appeared in various commercials for Apple, Best Buy &amp; Milky Way.	1
For Ousmane Tanor Dieng, it was a privilege to work with Senghor who was one of his idols.	0
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level.	0
Scream 3 (2000) was released just over two years after Scream 2 with Craven again attached to direct the film on a greatly increased budget of $40 million.	0
At first, he called himself Benedict XIV, but afterwards altered the title to Benedict XIII (the previous Benedict XIII having been considered an antipope).	0
After the failed Italian mission, Gantz revives an additional copy of Kurono at Reika's request, unknown to the others.	0
The show features performances from the festival and "canned bits" shot on location around Montreal, Canada.	0
Even if the Czechoslovak authorities would conceal it, the West would not remain silent.	0
Famous people with the name Frank include:	0
Coming from a family of heavy drinkers with long lives, he thought that drinking whiskey every day would help him live to 150.	1
Bart’s full name is Bartholemew Jojo Simpson.	1
The service started in early 2009 as an experimental tool to help its creator, Arnaud Meunier, by efficiently handling his Twitter conversations.	0
When they got married in 2013, they had a 1920’s Parisian carnival themed wedding in Malibu, California.	1
Fernand Iveton (his surname is sometimes erroneously rendered as "Yveton"; 12 January 1926, Algiers - 11 February 1957) was the only pied noir among the 198 supporters of the FLN who were executed (as opposed to being killed in battle) during the war in Algeria.	0
Ramón's lack of commitment during the Republic, followed by his embarrassing declaration of support for Franco after self-exile to his younger, Jewish wife's flat in Buenos Aires at the outbreak of civil war, led to ostracism and neglect.	0
The Chicago River was referred to by the plant's indigenous name, according to explorer Robert Cavelier, sieur de La Salle, and by his comrade, the naturalist and diarist Henri Joutel.	0
Goldeen was one of three original Pokémon Misty acquired.	1
Jerseys can be horned or polled, with horns often being short and curving upwards.	0
His physical aspect was not seductive: short and stocky of stature, even pot-bellied, but gifted with great bodily strength.	0
Felinfoel Brewery in South Wales, the oldest in Wales, was the first outside the US to sell beer in cans starting in 1931.	1
April 29, 2011: In conjunction with the reopening of the full length of the Tohoku Shinkansen, through service to Tokyo is restored.	0
Local services Braunschweig - Wolfsburg - Stendal	0
Fukurokuju probably originated from an old Chinese tale about a mythical Chinese Taoist hermit sage renowned for performing miracles in the Northern Song period (960 and 1279).	0
Sheringham War Memorial which records people from Beeston Regis	0
The band would eventually change their name to Blanche Calloway and Her Orchestra and in 1933 the Pittsburgh Courier called Calloway and her orchestra one of the top ten outstanding African American orchestras.	0
In the second half of the 20th century the Catholic split-offs formed an intercity-connection; the and the focus on the religion was lost or abandoned.	0
Initially named the Island of the Iguanas by early Carib settlers, its name was only changed later on.	1
She has never maintained that outside her fold and apart from her teaching, man cannot arrive at any moral truth; she has on the contrary more than once condemned this opinion because it has appeared under more forms than one.	0
In order to break it, the Polish army fought the Battle of the Niemen River (September 15–September 21), once again defeating the Red Army.	0
It was reported that the couple motored to the home of Mrs. Blake , early in the evening and obtained her blessing."	0
The song ‘Family Portrait’ was a song about her parents breaking up.	1
There are over 1 billion sheep in the world!	1
Various parts of the sacred Lotus are also used in traditional Asian herbal medicine.	0
The masses then could not be the subject of their struggle but could only fight for their class and its organizations.	0
Speaking of Donkey Kong 64, this game holds a unique title amongst all N64 games as it is the one with the longest amount of gameplay.	1
The Democratic and Socialist Union of the Resistance ( or UDSR) was a French political party founded at Liberation and active during the Fourth Republic (1947–58).	0
The red truck isn’t just a pretty sight – many families and individuals queue up all day just to get a can of Coca-Cola from the truck itself!	1
At one point following the release of the Samsung S3 sales reached 500 units a minute.	1
As well as an extremely talented singer, he also plays his famous piano, the drums, bass and guitar!	1
Advaita Vedanta is a so-called substance ontology, an ontology "which holds that underlying the seeming change, variety, and multiplicity of existence there are unchanging and permanent entities (the so-called substances)".	0
He was of Irish and Italian descent.	0
1st, Junior National Road Race, 10–12	0
REITs have been in existence in Hong Kong since 2005, when The Link REIT was launched by the Hong Kong Housing Authority on behalf of the Government.	0
If you were driving at 75 miles (121 km) per hour, it would take 258 days to drive around one of Saturn’s rings.	1
Brooks' latest projects include Face 2 Face, Little Monsters & 1140 Royal Street.	0
Each pineapple plant only produces just one pineapple per year.	1
Mandeville was founded in 1834 and was developed as a health resort for wealthy New Orleanians, because it was believed that ozone was both salutary and naturally emitted by the numerous trees in the area (both beliefs later proven false), giving rise to an early name for the region — the "Ozone Belt".	0
The search engine Google got its name from the word ‘googol’ which refers to the number one with a hundred zeroes after it!	1
In 1284 he joined with other Scottish noblemen who acknowledged Margaret of Norway as the heir of King Alexander.	0
Adrien Regattin (born 22 August 1991 in Sète) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Toulouse in Ligue 1.	0
AA.VV., "Vita e Pensiero 1914-1964", Vita e Pensiero, Milano 1966.	0
1995: Academy of Achievement's Golden Plate Award	0
converts a string to an unsigned integer	0
A Jersey cow weighs between 700 and 1,000 pounds.	0
Parker believed the show would not have survived after the September 11 attacks anyway, and Stone agreed, saying the show would not "play well."	0
Most definitions extend the boundaries of the continent to its standard boundaries: the Ural Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian Sea, and the Caucasus Mountains.	0
One of the hardest tasks for the human mind is convincing yourself that you no longer care.	1
the CEO and Deputy CEO (also General Manager Commercial),	0
on several projects of joint interest, including establishing and maintaining a crewed facility on Earth's Moon.	0
From 1974 until 1983 Waldner was married to Wolfgang Sterr, a Bavarian high school teacher.	0
Maelstrom (role playing game), a role-playing game by Alexander Scott	0
Rabbits, apart from the blind spot in front of their nose, have nearly 360° panoramic vision to allow them to detect predators from all directions.	1
In July 2011, an HD digitally restored version of the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray by The Criterion Collection.	0
At the event, they were slashed in a practice collision with Anjelika Krylova and Oleg Ovsiannikov but were not seriously hurt and both teams said it was an accident.	0
; Vigorito, M. & Miller, R.R.	0
Some polar bears have been spotted travelling as far South as Alaska and Hudson Bay, Canada.	1
Dawson, who was the Big Green's top rebounder and the top shot blocker in the Ivy League, was twice named Ivy League Rookie of the Week.	0
Despite Species 8472's use of telepathic communication, it is not clear whether the Bioships themselves are controlled telepathically as Species 8472 has been witnessed to operate a console in order to pilot a bioship.	0
|2008 || 11 || 5 || 0 || 2nd NC Central || Lost NC Round 1 (Central Valley 68-55)	0
The chemical symbol for gold is Au, from the Latin word aurum meaning "shining dawn" and from Aurora, the Roman goddess of the dawn.	1
He moved his residence to Düsseldorf in 1636.	0
Oxford English Dictionaries and Merriam-Webster both in 2006 added the word ’Google’, it’s defined as a “search for information about (someone or something) on the Internet using the search engine Google”.	1
Burger King are often held as the first fast food outlet to make deals with big budget films to promote their products, in 1977 Burger King teamed up with Star Wars to sell character glasses.	1
Nearly all tortoiseshell cat cats are female.	1
The number 30 is known as a Harshad number, or a number divisible by the sum of its digits.	1
When Prime Minister of Japan General Hideki Tojo refused American demands that Japan withdraw its military forces from China, a confrontation became more likely.	0
He was also awarded the "Val Barker Trophy at the Olympics, beating out such boxers Sugar Ray Leonard, Michael Spinks and Leon Spinks.	0
His full name is William Bradley Pitt.	1
18 March – NASA's MESSENGER spacecraft successfully enters orbit around the planet Mercury – the first probe to do so.	0
The orbits of most asteroids lie partially between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter!	1
The statues are made of bronze and their height is 7 meters.	1
Manuae is an uninhabited atoll in the southern group of the Cook Islands, 100 kilometres south-east of Aitutaki.	0
1980 - B. J. Sams, American football player	0
One of Bradley’s nicknames was “Esso” – which his football mates called him.	1
His wife is ditzy Francine Smith.	1
non-playing staff with a Wikipedia article, see .	0
In 2009 Zayn set a world record for the highest ever sugar cube tower!	1
She continued, “A lot of times there are things we can do to prevent accidents just by knowing a cow’s natural behavior.”	0
The traditional Blue Screen of Death (BSoD) was replaced by a new Black screen, although this was later scrapped.	0
An infusion pump infuses fluids, medication or nutrients into a patient's circulatory system.	0
Charles de Gaulle – Étoile, station of the Paris Métro	0
He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.	0
It operated charter flights only until scheduled services were introduced in 1981.	0
Association of Authorised Public Accountants, a British professional body for public accountants	0
White gold is actually yellow gold which has been combined with a white metal such as palladium or nickel to give it a white hue.	1
On occasions, large whales such as Fin whales can be seen in the water.	0
The main train line, Dovrebanen between Oslo and Trondheim goes along its eastern shore, making stops in Hamar and Lillehammer.	0
It generally consists of gateways and filters which vary from one firewall to another.	0
Kadabra is based on a magician and also a spoon-bender.	1
In 2002 he appeared on Stars In Their Eyes Kids impersonating Michael Jackson.	1
Hoult has appeared in many other films, such as: Mr White goes to Westminister (1997), Wah-Wah (2005), Coming Down the Mountain (2006), A Single Man (2009) and Clash of the Titans (2010).	1
In 2006 Katy stared in Gym Class Heroes’ single ‘Cupids Chokehold’.	1
The war is also remembered for alleged excesses committed by Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan in Tanjore.	0
In tennis, the number 30 represents the second point gained in a game.	1
It is sometimes described as having a head resembling a hippopotamus or elephant.	0
In April, General Eisenhower ordered the USSTAF to attack German fuel production centers by striking both the oil refineries and the factories producing synthetic fuels.	0
On March 15, 2006, after her appointment by the president, she was confirmed to head this court by a vote of its justices.	0
Contrails, clouds formed from the vapour trail of airplanes are officially recognised in the International Cloud Atlas.	1
In 1901, the population of Hardoi district was 1,092,834 and Hardoi had 12,174 inhabitants.	0
Cow consumes 40 to 100 pounds of food per day and drinks 30 to 50 gallons of water.	1
Early 2012, Tom tweeted saying he loved America but he missed baked beans, so some American fans gave him a few tins!	1
Despite what most people think, Emilie de Ravin is a smoker.	1
The resulting willingness of Baron Cohen's targets to answer his frequently risqué questions often created surprising conversations.	0
Gardner was born in Neath, and grew up in the Pont Walby area of Glynneath where her parents ran a local shop.	0
In 1970, permission was granted to demolish the station but Jacques Duhamel, Minister for Cultural Affairs, ruled against plans to build a new hotel in its stead.	0
Liam doesn’t like to drink alcohol, he admits to being tipsy a few times but that’s all.	1
The Romans grew over 37 varieties of peas.	1
Francis Napier, 10th Lord Napier and 1st Baron Ettrick, KT, PC (15 September 1819 – 19 December 1898), was a Scottish polyglot, diplomat and colonial administrator.	0
There is a 67% chance of conception per mating.	0
She had many interests as a child including ballet, cello, downhill skiing, gymnastics, piano, swimming and viola.	1
Where Pākehā identity is identified, commonly NZ kitsch and symbols from marketing such as the Chesdale Cheese men are used as signifiers, and might more appropriately be called "Kiwiana".	0
Proboscis means nose, which explains their name, as the noses on the males of this species are clownishly large.	1
The court found in favour of RNI and the case tarnished Veronica's reputation.	0
These are representative examples, for a larger range, the on-line catalogues of the manufacturers such as Faber, Pressed Steel, Luxfer, and Catalina may be consulted.	0
Film Critics Circle of Australia Award for Best Actor	0
The Mermaid Fountain is a nice piece.	0
Michael Clifford dropped out of school to pursue his musical career.	1
Cats can fit into any opening of the size of their head because they don’t have a collarbone!	1
No attempt appears to have been made to introduce these couplings and sharper curves to standard gauge lines, although trams which have extremely sharp curves usually have some kind of centre coupling.	0
The most expensive pizza in the world is the "Louis XIII" from Italy - it's topped with lobster and caviar and costs $12,000.	1
He was an accomplished, innovative, and influential composer, and may also have been the author of the Ars Nova treatise.	0
In the Sunbow/Marvel cartoon, instead of Snake Eyes, Storm Shadow was reassigned Spirit and later Quick Kick as his rival.	0
There is also an image of Surb Gevorg riding a horse while holding a staff topped with a cross.	0
The Rats is about mutant, flesh-eating rodents who roamed London.	1
The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% White.	0
After 'tits' and 'bugger' are rejected, Dad reluctantly complies to 'bum'.	0
Since the mid-1980s Stewart resides in Italy, the Pearls album features Rome's Philharmonic Orchestra and was co-produced by Morricone himself.	0
Jail Bait (1954) Hollywood film directed by Ed Wood	0
Burger King offer something known as the “CROISSAN’WICH” and in my opinion it decimates the McDonald’s McMuffin contender.	1
Johns made a living by partly fencing the springs in the area, and trapping escaped stock and horses.	0
He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1977 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2004 posthumously.	1
Buckingham Palace has over 600 rooms	1
He was born and raised in The Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, England.	1
There is believed to be around 30,000 John Smiths residing in Britain.	1
1968 - John Olerud, American baseball player	0
Meanwhile Horse, now also a Star Captain, is dispatched to the Clan Jade Falcon outpost of Falcon's Eyrie on the Smoke Jaguar homeworld of Huntress, on a special mission for Khan Martha Pryde.	0
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands	0
The Hungarian composer Gyula Csapó has created the work Krapp's Last Tape –after Samuel Beckett] (1975) loosely inspired by Beckett's play.	0
, Media Development Loan Fund, July 2007.	0
Following the split Albania also became a country "relying entirely on its own forces, without any kind of aid or credits from abroad, without external and internal debts."	0
Unlike the currently dominant view, Lerner saw a range of "full employment" unemployment rates.	0
While graffiti is mostly illegal wherever you go, there are about 1,650 legal graffiti walls around the world.	1
New York : Pantheon Books, 1978.	0
If the white of an egg is cloudy, it means the egg is fresh.	1
Even though he seems active on social media, he will often go long periods of time without touching his phone.	1
157r-99r): introduced by a large miniature of the Last Judgement	0
4 × Bass Tilt for AK-360 CIWS System fire control (not in Nakhimov or Pyotr Veliky)	0
After obtaining a Doctorate of Letters in the Sorbonne (1933-1933), on the advice of Meyerson and of Henri Wallon, he obtained a grant to study in the laboratory of Gesell at Yale University, where he specialized in child psychology.	0
Her first number one single was, ‘Price Tag’.	1
Contrary to their father’s genius, Shakespeare’s children were illiterate.	1
During the 19th and early 20th centuries Austria maintained foreign post offices in the Levant (Ottoman empire) and in Liechtenstein (Balzers and Vaduz, considered domestic post office):	0
Austin Mahone was in a commercial for McDonald’s.	1
In November 2013, some media sources reported that Islam had been outlawed in Angola, as well as other belief systems deemed to be contrary to the country's culture.	0
The first soft drink to be consumed in space was Coca-Cola!	1
However, this count did not include much of Kinshasa, where Tshisekedi was expected to have strong results.	0
Cats spend 66% of their life asleep!	1
For example she says: "her complaints about Ali elicit high praise from the Prophet for him.	0
Retroviruses, the virus family that includes HIV, are nearly half a billion years old.	1
The original structure on the site was built as New York's City Hall in 1700.	0
68432041911st in EastLost in second round	0
After a brutal battle, Veil phases into his body, which temporarily paralyzes Korvac, and Hazmat then completely annihilates Korvac with a projected blast of anti-matter.	0
The European detachment probably only carried out six missions between mid-1955 and mid-1956 when the Lockheed U-2 took over as the deep penetration reconnaissance asset.	0
Shawn Mendes was the youngest artist since Justin Bieber to have a Number One selling album!	1
The Common Buckeye Butterfly is considered as one of the most striking species of butterflies with its wide upper wing bars and big, multicolored eyespots.	1
"Despair" is a perfect introductory reading to the double topos in Nabokov's more complex novels, where other kinds of doubling (scenes, numbers, names, etc.)	0
Cats can’t eat large chunks of food since their jaws can’t move sideways!	1
In late 1942, numbers of early-production American M1 bazookas were captured by German troops from Russian forces who had been given quantities of the bazooka under Lend-Lease as well as during the Operation Torch invasions in the North African Campaign.	0
These models also use new power management features which give the device a three-hour battery life after only three minutes of charging.	0
Although there had been speculation, it was finally confirmed that Adam Driver would play the character in a photoshoot for Vanity Fair in the summer of 2015.	1
He has been mentioned in songs by Jadakiss and Common, and Neil Young, there are also many parodies about him.	1
He is the youngest member of The Wanted.	1
Glued engineered wood products are manufactured by bonding together wood strands, veneers, lumber or other forms of wood fiber with glue to form a larger, more efficient composite structural unit.	0
The average woman will consume over 2.7kg (6 pounds) of lipstick in their lifetime	1
Jericho fell to the outside where he dropped The Rock onto the barricade, and catapulted him into the ringpost.	0
Peasant Woman Cutting Straw (after Millet)1889Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F697)	0
The third campus is located in Paris VII university and is mainly dedicated for teaching.	0
Today, the bovine industry is more specialized and most dairy cattle have been bred to produce large volumes of milk.	0
The relocation of the feedlots, in turn, impacted corn production.	0
At one time Aigle Azur's head office was on the grounds of the airport.	0
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on every beach in the world.	1
Written: Jacques Feyder and Jacques Viot	0
On the same day Pescara signed Raffaele Alcibiade in temporary deal from Juve.	0
A group discount is offered for groups of 11 or more.	0
Realizing that her father was replicated while he was away, Marti swerves the car to the side and tries to escape with her brother.	0
On the first night of sustained bombardment, the anti-aircraft crews around Croydon were jubilant – suddenly they were downing unprecedented numbers of German bombers; most of their targets burst into flames and fell when their engines cut out.	0
This accounts for 12.1% of Norway's mainland area.	0
Female adders can go 18 months without eating.	1
If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground it can’t hop.	1
"It probably did make sense, at about the time it (the Seaway) was constructed and conceived, but since then everything has changed," says a retired Iowa State University economics professor who specialized in transportation issues.	0
As with his brothers and cousins, his names were not revealed until his christening, which took place on 26 July 2009 at the Møgeltønder Church, where older brother Felix was also christened.	0
46.7% were of German, 10.6% English, 9.8% American, 7.0% Irish and 6.0% Swedish ancestry according to Census 2000.	0
V. A kingdom divided against itself will be destroyed.	0
Elementary particles are not eternal and indestructible.	0
A group of horses will not go to sleep at the same time – at least one of them will stay awake to look out for the others.	1
According to a study, left-handed college graduates on average become 26% richer than right-handed graduates!	1
Young Lotus root can have a light purple or white skin; when mature, Lotus root has a brown-beige skin and its size can vary from short and squat to longer and narrow.	1
However, he had gained the seat at great personal expense and notwithstanding other donations accrued a debt of £6,000.	0
His favourite places to hang out are the Kwik-E-Mart, Krusty Burger and Moe’s.	1
Rhinoceros have 3 toes on each foot	1
Crows belong to the genus Corvus, along with ravens, rooks and jackdaws.	1
Wilma Flintstone’s maiden name was Wilma Slaghoopal, and Betty Rubble’s Maiden name was Betty Jean Mcbricker !	1
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg takes home salary of just US$ 1!	1
Arriving shortly after the Battle of Hastenbeck with the Anglo-German Army of Observation retreating rapidly from him, the Duc lead his army in pursuit.	0
Early 2012, Bruno got his first dog, named Geronimo.	1
His full name is Nicholas “Nick” Caradoc Hoult.	1
Only about 2,000 tons of gold are created per year.	1
In 2012, Andi Haliggan won the Shorty Awards for basically being weird!	1
The music was composed and conducted by James Horner and the disc contains 8 tracks.	0
Navy research program for transonic and supersonic flight.	0
Sawda bint Zamʿa ( ) was a wife of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and considered by Muslims to be a Mother of the Believers.	0
ATA was originally designed for, and worked only with hard disks and devices that could emulate them.	0
Lois Griffin is voiced by Alex Borstein.	1
Lecarme, Jacques, Drieu la Rochelle ou la bal des maudits, Paris, Presses Universitaires Françaises, 2001.	0
Because historical pieces were often made of brasses (copper and zinc) and bronzes with different compositions, modern museum and scholarly descriptions of older objects increasingly use the more inclusive term "copper alloy" instead.	0
The most Instagramed food in the UK is curry.	1
He studied at George Washington High School, in Charleston, West Virginia.	1
Lincoln has done many voice overs for both radio and television advertising in the United Kingdom, as well as even narrating documentaries.	1
The Lotus fruits are a conical pod with seeds contained in holes in the pod.	1
However, in one episode, Binky the Clown is mentioned, to which Garfield then replies, "My contract says he's not allowed to be in this series".	0
During the century a new skilled understanding of narrativist imagery was developed.	0
Some excerpts of the video clip were shown to the fans in December and the final clip was shown on TV in February.	0
RM’s initials stand for “Rap Monster,” but his full name is actually Kim Nam-joon.	1
Each day on Neptune lasts for around 16 hours, and 6.5 minuets.	1
Doctor of Philosophy (Academic Postgraduate Program)	0
), Storia della direzione spirituale, II.	0
His fans are known as ‘Bros’, although they’re also referred to as the Bro Army.	1
Joey Essex got rushed to hospital after getting bitten by a monkey when he was in South Africa on 10th January 2014.	1
Penguins live in the Southern Hemisphere.	1
PlotArea = height:150 left:100 bottom:50 right:100	0
"Animals are higher than plants, because they are able to move consciously, go after food, find and eat useful things.	0
Built for Daniel McMartin, a member of Upper Canada's Tory Loyalist elite; an example of American federal architecture that was elaborate for the time and place of construction	0
Construction began in June 1961, and owing to the building's height and its having a tower crane jib across the top virtually throughout the whole construction period, it gradually became a very prominent landmark that could be seen from almost anywhere in London.	0
MooreThe Ballad of Baby DoeBaby Doe1958–1969New York City Opera, MusicarnivalYes	0
Due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Nystrom signed with Stavanger Oilers late November and made his debut in the Norwegian GET-ligaen in a match against Vålerenga on December 20.	0
Despite its ideological and moral decline, Germany enjoys a high standard of living, with its citizens living off the produce of their European satellite states and freed from physical labour by thousands of Polish, Czech and Ukrainian workers.	0
The Dunkelds came to power after the two centuries of civil unrest under the House of Alpin.	0
To date, the music video has over 137,115,387 views on YouTube.	0
In 1990-1992, Vondra was foreign policy advisor to President Václav Havel.	0
; fwp.mt.gov (Montana Fish, Wildlife & Parks)	0
The POWER5 is a dual-core microprocessor, with each core supporting one physical thread and two logical threads, for a total of two physical threads and four logical threads.	0
In Lawnmower Dog, the voice of Snowball’s accountant is that of Maurice LaMarche, who voiced The Brain in Pinky and The Brain.	1
He also scored a goal at the semi-finals of the Greek Cup against Asteras Tripoli, sending his team reach the final against parent club Olympiacos.	0
Dairy cow can produce around 70 pounds of milk per day.	0
Janus met het dubbele voorhoofd (1908)	0
Regarding the re-release of the remastered version of Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Silence on March 2009 by Roadrunner, Beck was quoted by Alter The Press!	0
Years &amp; Years seem to enjoy covering popular songs, and in 2015, they performed a cover of Britney Spears’ “Toxic” during a gig in Manchester, England.	1
Particularly remarkable are the cattle of Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi.	1
10The Betrothal of Sontar Written by John Tomlinson/Nick Abadzis (365–367), Gareth Roberts (368), Tony Lee (369–371), Mike Collins (372–374), Jonathan Morris (375–376, Doctor Who Storybook 2007), Nev Fountain (377) and Alan Barnes (378–380), with pencils by Mike Collins (365–376) and Martin Geraghty (Doctor Who Storybook 2007, 378–380), and inks by David A. Roach (365–376, Doctor Who Storybook 2007, 378–380), art by Roger Langridge (377)"The Betrothal of Sontar" (issues 365–367) "The Lodger" (issue 368) "F.A.Q."	0
Passenger trains are usually much shorter, at least on most single track lines, less than 200 m. The signalling system now allows two passenger trains to cross without stopping, but one has to slow down to 40 km/h, because of the limited length of the loop and the sharp curves in the switch points.	0
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the death of their cats!	1
12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily!	1
A newborn cub weighs 500–700 g (1.1–1.5 lb).	0
List of terms of lung size and activity	0
'Newington' is one of the most common place names in England (see Newington Green and Stoke Newington in north London), and from 1750 the area became more important and the informal name, from the pub at this junction, was adopted.	0
It should not be confused with inari maki, which is a roll filled with flavored fried tofu.	0
McVey has arachnophobia, which is a fear of spiders.	1
People tend to be more emotionally open and confess things during late night conversations via text message.	1
76 6–1 6–2 6–3 6–4Jakub Janda Antonín Hájek Roman Koudelka Jan Matura504.0 131.0 128.0 122.5 122.5476.0 123.3 121.4 122.1 109.27516.5 127.5 131.0 130.5 127.5491.8 121.6 126.1 126.1 118.07967.8 244.9 247.5 248.2 227.2	0
Brownback was a Senator at the time of filming.	0
It was formed by the group of leading intellectuals to campaign against the Nazis during the Second World War.	0
According to a study conducted in America, Californian people are less likely to barbecue on a Tuesday than any other day of the week.	1
With this data, the Montreal Protocol was passed and CFC emissions were regulated within Canada, the United States, Sweden, Norway, and all other major industrial countries.	0
Ash’s ex girlfriend’s name is Jasmine Dorhauer, they were together for a year.	1
Zapdos’s National Pokédex number is #145.	1
A third of Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it	1
The community of Huntington, WV holds an annual ramp festival referred to as Stink Fest.	0
Donald, David (2004) Century Jets: USAF Frontline Fighters of the Cold War.	0
In this example the position of an object is seen not to be a property of that object, i.e.	0
As long as you can still breathe through your mouth or nose, you will not die from asphyxiation when covered in paint.	0
Markus Winkelhock: German Formula Three Championship (Mücke Motorsport) → Mücke Motorsport	0
Many animals and some people tend to wake, or experience a period of very light sleep, for a short time immediately after a bout of REM.	0
The bout was hyped as a grudge, as Shamrock was a former Lion's Den member who, according to the marketing, was out for revenge against Ortiz.	0
In the Bible, God sent two bears to murder 42 children because they had mocked a man for being bald.	1
However, after Kyansittha's death, usage of the Mon language declined among the Bamar and the Burmese language began to replace Mon and Pyu as a lingua franca.	0
Burgh of barony 1821 Parliamentary burgh 1832	0
The smell of water is so familiar to them that they can recognise it from a distance of three miles!	1
Modern invocations of Cassandra are most frequently an example of a Cassandra Complex.	0
Sleeping next to someone you love - reduces depression, helps you live longer, and makes you fall asleep faster.	1
The structure of the management and coordination of city services is:	0
Klaw agrees and after a skirmish with Ka-Zar in London, travels with the Sheenarian to the Savage Land where there is a vibranium deposit large enough to create the portal.	0
The first number-one song on the Top Tracks chart was "I Can&apos;t Stand It" by Eric Clapton.	0
Alakazam‘s have a shorter moustache if they are female.	1
He was granted an amnesty on 28 April 1956, and released after only 8 years.	0
Out of all the important people in her life, She idolises her grandfather the most.	1
If all the Toblerone bars sold each year were to be laid end to end they would stretch 62,000km (38,525 miles), this is longer than the Earth’s circumference.	1
Cape Town, South Africa: Struik Publishers.	0
When Tesla made the move to New York City from Europe, he arrived with only four cents in his pocket.	1
Modern packing plants have tried to decrease stress at the time of slaughter to reduce the adrenalin in the muscle tissues, which toughens the meat and gives it an off-putting flavor.	0
Its scientific name is Puma concolor.	1
It has been said that the eighties are just the sixties, twenty years later.	0
Head to The Pilot House at Sebasco Harbor Resort for a very good meal and to say hi to Fred the Seagull.	0
1973 Ernst Otto Fischer, Chemistry (Sandwich complexes)	0
In your mouth alone, there is more bacteria than there are people in the entire world.	1
Unlike previously strong European nations, the United States did not have to repair infrastructure or fix towns that had been bombarded throughout the war.	0
He attended a private school in Brazil and finished his senior year in Los Angeles.	1
Finland has the largest number of islands in the world (over 179,550)	1
Wadj-wer is an Egyptian god of fertility whose name means the "Great Green".	0
40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals!	1
A new chemical compound has been made that treats blindness and diabetes.	1
Regular brushing of the coat helps to increase sanitation and reduce ingestion of loose fur.	0
While in Rome he began producing the book illustrations for which he was to become famous, and which promoted his influence all over Europe; Goethe described him as "the idol of all dilettanti".	0
House cats can run at a speed of 30 miles per hour.	1
He commanded 2 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group (2 CMBG) from 1997 as Deputy Commanding General of III Armoured Corps of the United States Army, at Fort Hood, Texas.	0
2005 Jul 18-29World Youth Chess ChampionshipBelfort, France	0
The last picture in the gallery below shows construction features which have recently become standard for such courses: vertical side walls (except for strategically placed slanted walls to dampen water oscillations), modular turbulence generators on the channel floor, and clusters of movable plastic bollards attached to the floor as water diverters.	0
Sir William Taylour Thomson contacted Iranian authorities about this matter and a levy tax was imposed on all Muslim population of the city.	0
The first song Bruno wrote was called ‘Sugar Mama’, although he admits it was horrible!	1
the Stud Book and Stud Book Certificates with the addition	0
Rhynchokinesis is also used by sandpipers feeding on prey in water to catch and manipulate prey.	0
Its final election was in 1962.	0
Constituent parties of the CDR joined the Democratic Party (PD), the National Liberal Party (PNL) and the Hungarian Democratic Union of Romania (UDMR) to form a centrist coalition government, holding 60% of the seats in Parliament.	0
Couples who spend at least 10 minutes a day laughing together are more likely to have a stronger relationship.	1
The speech was subsequently delivered by his successor David Owen to the Diplomatic Writers Association on 3 March 1977.	0
Through the building of several locks and dams, and upstream reservoirs like Lake Hartwell, also, the Savannah River was once navigable by freight barges between Augusta, Georgia (on the Fall Line) and the Atlantic Ocean; maintenance of this channel for commercial shipping ended in 1979, and the one lock below Augusta has been deactivated.	0
In February 2006, the tribe received a grant of more than $800,000 from the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community of Minnesota for debt retirement and economic development.	0
Males had a median income of $102,645 (+/- $7,373) versus $60,871 (+/- $9,308) for females.	0
In 2013, white was the world's most popular car color.	1
It is found in Lesotho and South Africa.	0
Apart from fish, small crustaceans – in particular shrimp – are also often eaten.	0
File:Detroit_Publishing_Company_-_Shakespeare's_Memorial_Theatre,_Stratford-on-Avon,_England.jpg|Photochrom of the old Shakespeare Memorial Theatre, Stratford-on-Avon, England, c. 1890–1900.	0
From 7 to 14 January 1942, the Japanese concentrated on reconnaissance and preparations for an attack on the Main Battle Line from Abucay to Mount Natib to Mauban.	0
James F. Mahaffy, Biology Department Dordt College	0
The game of Tug-of-war was an Olympic sport from 1900-1920	1
In Back to The Future, Marty McFly travelled 30 years back in time.	1
A sulfur from a cysteine in the active site makes a nucleophilic attack on the carbonyl carbon of the aldehyde.	0
In At Heaven&apos;s Gate (1943), a Tennessee mountaineer who was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor in World War I returns from combat, becomes a state legislator, and then a bank president.	0
Portugal is the 24th best country in the entire world according to a global poll, with Switzerland topping the list.	1
List of songs recorded by Elvis Presley	0
Local editions of the magazine are also published in Argentina, Bulgaria, Canada, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Greece, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Middle East, Morocco,Nigeria, Pakistan, Peru, Puerto Rico, Russia, Serbia, Thailand, Turkey and Venezuela.	0
Amur Leopard and Tiger Conservation in a social and economic context.	0
By vaccinating chickens, the United Kingdom virtually eliminated salmonella.	1
The complete series is: Beautiful Creatures (2009), Beautiful Darkness (2010), Beautiful Chaos (2011) and Beautiful Redemption (2012).	1
It has also been proposed that the DLR be extended to Victoria from Bank, probably using disused Jubilee line tunnels in part, but this scheme is not yet a firm plan.	0
Perhaps the most adamant and well-known opponent of Tanumafili’s claim was Lauaki Namulau‘ulu Mamoe of Sāfotulafai, Savaii, a famed orator who carried the Tongan matapule title Lauaki (Gifford 149).	0
The Leaning Tower of Piza is tilted because of the soft soil that it’s built on – which has also protected it from at least 4 powerful earthquakes.	1
The Quebec Major Junior Hockey League named one of its divisions after him, along with Robert Lebel.	0
In Aztec cities, chewing tzicli (chewing gum) in public identified a married or widowed woman as a prostitute and a man as a homosexual.	1
(it) Benedetto Pasqua and Mirio Da Roit, Cent'anni di rugby a Torino, Turin, Ananke, mai 2011, broché, 247 p. ISBN 978-88-7325-375-4.	0
Besides the standard form (either rounded or pointed, ), there were forms as varied as (Gortyn), and (Thera), (Argos), (Melos), (Corinth), (Megara, Byzantium), (Cyclades).	0
The 22nd state of the US was actually Alabama; they joined 32 years after the first, Delaware.	1
There are 96 Maxi stores and 16 Maxi & Cie in the province of Quebec.	0
Notable persons with that name include:	0
In October 2017, Mack Hollins of the Philadelphia Eagles did “The Russell” after he scored his first career touchdown pass.	1
He has no care of a person's race; everyone is beneath him.	0
After Warner Bros. abandoned Lucas's early version of Apocalypse Now (1979) (during the post-production of THX 1138), the filmmaker decided to continue developing Another Quiet Night in Modesto, eventually changing its title to American Graffiti.	0
The top three most used filters are Gingham, Clarendon, and Juno.	1
In Canada, ramps are considered rare delicacies.	1
, there were 131 people who were single and never married in the municipality.	0
Geopolitical tensions between 2003 and 2008 continued to elevate the price of gold.	0
The cardboard holder that you often get around a takeaway cup of coffee is called a “zarf”.	1
While people dote over their cats in the West, around 4 million cats are killed and eaten over in Asia.	1
Forbes magazine places Steven Spielberg’s personal net worth at $3.0 billion!	1
2003 Trance Energy 2003 - The 10th Anniversary Edition	0
When a horse gallops, all four hooves are off the ground at one point.	1
Francesco Gabriele (b) Valerio Massimo (s) Gianluca Barattolo (c)7:01.84	0
Because historical pieces were often made of brasses (copper and zinc) and bronzes with different compositions, modern museum and scholarly descriptions of older objects increasingly use the more inclusive term "copper alloy" instead.	0
The Bitstream Vera family was limited mainly to the characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement portions of Unicode, roughly equivalent to ISO/IEC 8859-15, but was released with a license that permitted changes.	0
An honest man, he would spend the last years of his life in relative poverty.	0
There are six distinctive tigers: Bengal, Indochinese, Malayan, Siberian, South China and Sumatran.	1
The PDS participated, along with the ruling Socialist Party, in a national unity government that was formed in 1991, but withdrew from it on October 20, 1992, saying that the Socialist Party had monopolized control of the government and marginalized the PDS.	0
Walt calls the Albuquerque DEA office in order to surrender, but moments later sees Elliott and Gretchen Schwartz on a Charlie Rose interview, in which they both deny Walt made any major contribution to Gray Matter besides the name.	0
Perspectives of New Music 3, no.	0
252 million pounds of pepperoni are eaten every year.	1
The black necked swan lives in South America.	1
It took the creator of the Rubik’s Cube, Erno Rubik, one month to solve the cube after he created it; as of June 2018 the world record is 4.22 seconds.	1
Napoleon I returned the plant to Leblanc in 1801, but lacking the funds to repair it and compete against other soda works that had been established in the meantime, Leblanc committed suicide in 1806.	0
In 1978, she starred in the feature film Harper Valley PTA, based on the popular country song.	0
The population was 5,014 at the 2010 census.	0
The locality settlement dates back to primeval times.	0
Many Hindu deities like Brahma, Lakshmi and Saraswati are depicted to be seated on a lotus flower.	1
During the Aztec reign, a slave could be bought for 100 cocoa beans.	1
2013 was the first year that Colorado School of Mines graduates were paid more than Harvard Business School graduates.	1
Still, on 8 June LIV Corps had lost 1,700 men.	0
The next fourteen years would consist of walkovers, first round defeats and not entering the competition at all.	0
It is roughly spherical in shape and has a circumference of five feet.	0
Blackbox, a window manager that works on X Window System platforms	0
He was originally going to be called Kasey, but this was changed early on, therefore he has always been known as Satoshi.	1
Hit Man: Danny Washbrook (Wakefield Trinity Wildcats) - 991 Tackles	0
The Way Home: Collected Longer Prose.	0
Jean-Paul Beugnot, Henri Grange, Jerome Christ, Lucien Sedat, Bernard Mayeur, Michel Rat, Michel House, Michel le Ray, Christian Baltzer, Andre Goisbault, Jean-Claude Vergne, Andre Souvre (Coach: André Buffière)	0
Nakafumi's poems are included in several imperial poetry anthologies, including Chokusen Wakashū.	0
Reynolds and a player to be named later (John Hester on April 30, 2011) were traded to the Baltimore Orioles for David Hernandez and Kam Mickolio on December 6, 2010.	0
Noah Centineo is sober – he doesn’t drink or do drugs.	1
- Other bug fixes and performance improvements	0
In the city the population was spread out with 22.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older.	0
Later, the required angle for dive-bombing attacks was increased to 60°, rather than the medium-angle dives originally called for, which necessitated further structural strengthening and an alarming increase in weight.	0
Goals Jesse Belanger, Simon Nadeau 15	0
Since 2014, Russian and Chinese biologists collaborate in transboundary monitoring of the Amur leopard population.	0
Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada (often referred to as "Portage")	0
Bujold was touted to become a star, but she walked away from her contract with Universal Studios.	0
Winter National Championship (+100KG) – 2009	0
Ras Laffan Industrial City is an industrial hub located north of Doha, Qatar.	0
Jorge Garcia always loved being on the stage, and played Tevye in a school production of ‘Fiddler on the Roof’.	1
A glamorously made-up transgender woman named Patrick "Kitten" Braden, pushes a baby in a pram and flirts insouciantly with construction workers, and introduces her life story.	0
The first time he went abroad was with the band when they went to London, England.	1
This concept was later implemented in the "fast tanks" pioneered by Walter Christie.	0
The type of maliciously fake files include RAR format files that require the users to download a trojan disguised as a codec needed to view associated AVI format files.	0
Mr Eko died in Locke’s arms.	1
In Quebec, the equivalent for dibs would be "Shotgun".	0
He won the singles in La Baule against Raymond Rodel and the mixed doubles in Vals-les-Bains.	0
The country most affected by tornadoes is the USA which faces on average 1200 tornadoes every year.	1
File:Van Gogh - Bildnis des Oberaufsehers Trabuc im Hospital Saint-Paul.jpeg|Portrait of the superintendent Trabuc in the Hospital Saint-Paul by Vincent van Gogh, 1889	0
Although Vladislav's gravestone is marked August 22, 1456, that was the date of the engraving.	0
In Koya speakers (Dravidian tribes) has been found in 71%.	0
Its ultimate purpose is to secure justice and fair treatment to all citizens alike and to put an end forever to unjust and unfair discrimination against and ridicule of any sect or body of citizens."	0
In 2014, Shawn caught the eye of artist manager Andrew Gertler and Island Records A&amp;R Ziggy Chareton, leading him to sign a record deal with them.	1
Cows can weigh 1,350 lb., and 85 lb.	0
Lopamudra is the author of one hymn in the Rigveda, and Gargi Vachaknavi is described in the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad as a highly respected woman in the field of Brahmajñāna.	0
The 26 pieces of this anthology, whose quality leaves a lot to be desired, carry some rather cryptic titles:	0
bar:1960 from: 4237 till:7854 text:"3,617" color:NÄ	0
Viggo Mortensen, the actor who played Aragorn, ended up buying two of the horses used in the films.	1
The Martian day is 24 hours 39 minutes and 35 seconds long.	1
At 5’11” Daniel is the shortest actor to play the role of James Bond.	1
Upscale department store Saks Fifth Avenue offered 20 special-edition S600 sedans for sale in its 2005 Christmas catalog.	0
With each book, Cooper's work grew darker in subject matter, while more accomplished visually.	0
The prospect of becoming the first side in history to lose three successive championship deciders was a huge motivating factor.	0
Some types of livestock are: cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and chickens.	1
Thor invites the peasant family to share the meal with him and they do so.	0
He starred as Marine Corps Master Sergeant Dominic Pruitt in Law and Order: SVU.	1
In the book, Cara, Lord Marchmain's mistress, says to Charles that his relationship with Sebastian forms part of a process of emotional development typical to "the English and the Germans".	0
Ariobarzanes was succeeded by Mithridates II.	0
In 1962 Martin signed rising new Liverpool band the Beatles.	0
But that trade was interrupted in the first year of war by Admiral Porter's river gunboats as they gained dominance along navigable rivers north–south and east–west.	0
A bear in hibernation loses up to 25% of its body weight	1
The plot focuses on a British crime novelist, Sarah Morton, who travels to her publisher's upmarket summer house in Southern France to seek solitude in order to work on her next book.	0
The brand Nokia is named after a place in Southern Finland	1
Justin’s hair dresser is called Vanessa Price.	1
To keep up with Google, Microsoft has an army of very virile rabbits wandering around its Corporate Campus after a load was dumped many years ago.	1
Printed by the Turkish Ministry of Education in Istanbul, it is an interesting and significant part of South Africa's history, and serves as a valuable reference of the Afrikaans usage during that era in the Islamic neighbourhoods of Cape Town.	0
There are no rivers in Saudi Arabia	1
The rim of the Grand Canyon is 7,000 feet above sea level.	1
He was described as "eccentric, erudite, egotistical – a distinctive personality who could balance light entertainment buffoonery with sports and serious news".	0
The United States Postal Service Panorama City Post Office is located at 14416 Chase Street.	0
While Mummery's alpine career hardly met with any ill will from the mountains until the very end, Dent had to wage a long and protracted war against his greatest conquest, the Dru.	0
There are more than 50 different kinds of kangaroos	1
The term fraternity, often colloquially shortened to "frat" (though use of such term may be derogatory in some contexts), typically refers to an all-male group, while the term "sorority", created for Gamma Phi Beta by Dr. Frank Smalley, typically refers to an all-female group.	0
A cat called “Dusty” from Texas, USA produced 420 kittens during her breeding life, a world record!	1
The Li atom of LiBr occupies one of the lithium sites in the cubane-like frame, and Br atom sits in an adjacent carbon site.	0
I just bought a bunch of Dilbert books and studied how to write a 3-panel strip.	0
"SmartZone users will be able to send and receive e-mail, listen to their voicemail messages online and forward that information via e-mail to others, send instant messages and video instant messages and merge their contacts into one address book".	0
Reacher soon finds himself embroiled in a complex game of tug of war between powerful men in the United States Army, and beyond.	0
Peirce held there are exactly three basic elements in semiosis (sign action):	0
Wednesday is also seen as a reccurring character name within some fiction, including Richard James Allen’s Thursday’s Fictions and Neil Gaiman’s American Gods, which has recently been adapted for an Amazon Prime TV Show.	1
How dissonant would hee finde his imaginarie common-wealth from this perfection?	0
The average lifespan of a turkey is ten years.	1
Textile sweatshops full of poorly paid sewing machine operators grew into entire business districts in large cities like London and New York City.	0
The swan has over 25,000 feathers in its body.	1
He previously played in Brazil for Vitória, Palmeiras, Juventude (RS), Portuguesa (SP), Cruzeiro, Atlético Mineiro, Vasco da Gama, Boavista (RJ), Fortaleza, Chinese side Shenyang Ginde, and in Germany for Hertha BSC.	0
Zayn has both his ears pierced.	1
Both the schools set in picturesque natural surroundings, have hostel facility.	0
29,760 m 2 of retail space was added to the mall bringing the mall's total size to 105,000 m 2 , making it the second largest shopping centre in the Tshwane metropolitan area.	0
In 1952 the Caribbean monk seal was confirmed sighted for the last time at Serranilla Bank, between Jamaica and Nicaragua.	0
Mean annual temperature in the town is .	0
He left the Gunners in 1999 and ended his playing career with Sunderland.	0
In a public restroom, the stall closest to the door is usually the cleanest because it is the least used.	1
R5: From Predjama to Črni vrh.	0
Some protective walls around a keep would be large enough to have a wall-walk around them, and the outer walls of the motte and the wall-walk could be strengthened by filling in the gap between the wooden walls with earth and stones, allowing it to carry more weight – this was called a garillum.	0
Several other pigments have been shown to be cytotoxic.	0
Anatomically, they are similar to the gobies (Gobiidae), though unlike the majority of gobies, they do not have a pelvic sucker.	0
The cantons of the arrondissement of Segré are:	0
His film, La piel quemada (Burnt Skin) (1967), dealt with the migration to Catalonia from other parts of Spain, and was very successful besides the Franco's censorship.	0
The nation won its first ever Olympic medals at these Games.	0
In 1964, he guest-starred in the series finale, "Pay Now, Die Later", of CBS's drama, Mr. Broadway, starring Craig Stevens as public relations specialist Mike Bell.	0
The vision of Leonardo's Golden Horn Bridge was resurrected in 2001, when a small footbridge based on Leonardo's design was constructed near Ås in Norway.	0
He was killed at the Battle of Buena Vista during the Mexican-American War.	0
In 2007 the Business Motivation Model (BMM) was adopted as a standard by the OMG.	0
There may be financial pressures which act in opposition to preventing complications.	0
Selena Gomez is reported to be a very probable love interest of the 27 year old, but after his on-stage kiss with Meghan Trainor and claiming they’re “Just Friends” – anything is possible.	1
HBO became interested in doing a Tracey Takes On... series, and Ullman and her husband, Allan McKeown, set up production in Los Angeles in 1995.	0
Wilhelmina's scheme to replace Daniel is again delayed, however, due to an injunction: although Bradford's will states the elder son would take over Meade publications, Alex has since become Alexis.	0
He helped Real win La Liga five times in a row between 1961 and 1965 and the Copa del Generalísimo in 1962.	0
Robert I, count of Loritello (1061–1107)	0
Chamberlain was reluctant to go too far in altering the British economy.	0
No two tigers ever have the same stripes, and this is how individual tigers can be identified.	1
Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death!	1
In the U.K., most period TV dramas like Downton Abbey, Call The Midwife, Lark Rise to Candleford and Heartbeat commonly air on a Sunday evening.	1
Gene Autry first recorded the well-known Rudolph hit in 1949; the song sold over 2 million copies that year and is 2nd in the best-selling Christmas songs ever, after “White Christmas”.	1
In 325, he was one of many bishops to answer the request of Constantine and appear at the First Council of Nicaea.	0
memobjs = clCreateBuffer(context, CL_MEM_READ_ONLY | CL_MEM_COPY_HOST_PTR, sizeof(float)*2*num_entries, srcA, NULL);	0
There has been a resurgence of interest in the notion of the teaching machine and its relationship to adaptive learning systems of the early 21st Century	0
He is also known for having worked with a number of unsigned artists who later went on to find commercial success.	0
It is the only member of the genus Carlito, after the species was removed from the genus Tarsius., a new genus named after the conservationist Carlito Pizarras.	0
The initial method developed by Glasl and Lemson involved a social technology process involving a few or many co-workers, managers and/or policymakers proceeding from diagnosis of the present state of the organisation plans for the future.	0
Jeff Porcaro – drums (track 13)	0
As well as in Nagaland, the present generation of Garos forming minority do not speak the ethnic language anymore.	0
Hitler started to think about invading Russia at this time.	0
A blustery and fiery dwarf who is "Gruff even for a dwarf", Bruenor Battlehammer first meets Drizzt in the novel Sojourn.	0
Toilet paper comes in two varieties: virgin, which is freshly made from chipped wood and non-virgin, which is recycled paper.	1
They live in sub-Saharan Africa, northeast Africa, Central Asia, India, and China.	0
India has over 27,000 tons of the pink guava every year.	1
The 17th deepest lake in the world is Loch Morar in Scotland, which reaches a depth of 1,077 feet.	1
Younger brother of George I, he was raised to the rank of despot by him, and received (possibly after 1298) the region of Kran as an appanage ("Despotate of Kran")	0
In Arabic, Malik means ‘king’ or ‘chieftain’.	1
A group of jelly fish is called a smack.	1
This is the first occasion that the two ensembles have performed together, but not the first time they have shared a split release - each outfit filled a side of the LP Live Electronic Music Improvised, released on a US label (Mainstream) in 1968.	0
Converted four-string basses usually require either a new, thicker top, or lighter strings to compensate for the increased tension.	0
Words formerly rendered in kanji were replaced with the hiragana syllabic system.	0
One of the heaviest wolves on record weighed 130lbs.	1
White was signed by the New England Revolution in March 2012.He was waived on June 27, 2012.	0
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio: Air Force Museum Foundation, 1975.	0
25Joe ScarnatiRepBrockwayCameron, Clearfield, Elk, Jefferson, McKean, Potter, Tioga, Warren20162000	0
As a result it has well known and top selling games such as:	0
The first song Tom learned on guitar was ‘Wonderwall’ by Oasis.	1
There are more storms on Mars when the planet is closer to the sun.	1
Marie Maugeret was ultramontane in her religious views, an extremely conservative Catholic.	0
The right to nominate parish priests alternated between the family Schenk von Schmidtburg (later the Electorate of Trier) and the family Metzenhausen.	0
America consumes almost 50% of the world’s chocolate.	1
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
Males had a median income of $35,067 versus $22,739 for females.	0
CESUR works in the sphere of fundamental superconductivity research, especially focuses on superconducting wires, tapes and thin films which can be used in application of practical superconductivity technologies.	0
He is now two years and a half old and to me as gentle as can be.	0
Like The Big Bang Theory’s Sheldon Cooper, Albert Einstein refused to learn to drive.	1
Frida Kahlo Retrospective at Bank Austria Kunstforum, Vienna, Austria 2010	0
The voice actor of SpongeBob is married to the voice actor of Plankton's computer wife (Karen) in real life.	1
Gaga’s favourite flower are white roses.	1
He will also drive the #51 truck part-time for 10 races in the Camping World Truck Series, with Erik Jones driving the other 12.	0
Being hungry causes serotonin levels to drop, causing a whirlwind of uncontrollable emotions such as anxiety, stress, anger and sadness.	1
Portrait of A Lady, Nelson-Atkins Art Museum, Kansas City, Missouri	0
Some versions of Escape from Atlantis use dice.	0
Crvena Zvezda Beograd x - x X	0
It involved a knight or group of knights (tenans or "holders") who would stake out a traveled spot, such as a bridge or city gate, and let it be known that any other knight who wished to pass (venans or "comers") must first fight, or be disgraced.	0
Their third single ‘Last Night’ was released in the UK on 6th April 2014 which also came number two on the UK Singles Chart.	1
La Maitresse was on the point of sinking due to the damage she had sustained earlier but although d'Annebault had to change his flagship again she was saved from foundering.	0
122 has hosted thousands of world-premier and ongoing works by such artists as Eric Bogosian, Spalding Gray, Karen Finley, Eddie Izzard, John Leguizamo, and Ron Athey, companies such as Big Art Group, Julie Atlas Muz, Proto-type Theater, Young Jean Lee's Theater Company and New York City Players as well as countless other emerging artists.	0
Further, all joint acquisitions during the marriage were to remain the common property of both.	0
All of the plants in the Tomorrowland ride are edible to represent the advancement of humanity.	1
^ "Gold-fields Edition of the Rockhampton Bulletin", Rockhampton Bulletin and Central Queensland Advertiser, 3 October 1867, p. 2	0
Elephants make friends, bury their dead, travel for ‘funerals’, speak to each other, and show extreme intelligence.	1
Grimsby-Cleethorpes Transport had been formed in 1957, with the merger of the previously separate Grimsby and Cleethorpes transport (GCT) undertakings.	0
Her early history is still in question.	0
It has grown at an average of 11.7%, far exceeding agricultural growth and making it one of the fastest growing sector's of the economy.	0
On July 3, 2008, Van Halen headlined the Quebec City Summer Festival in front of a crowd of 85,000.	0
In Japan, the color purple signifies wealth and position.	1
The memories of those confrontations were very fresh, and there was little question that the Korean garrison would shoot at any approaching foreign ship.	0
It is named for Arthur Legg (1874-1939), an American Orthopedic Surgeon, Jacques Calvé (1875-1954), French Orthopedic Surgeon, and Georg Perthes, German Orthopedic Surgeon.	0
During the "Mourning Decade" (1671-1681) the Hungarian Lutherans, (along with the Reformed Church in Hungary) was severely persecuted.	0
In most milking systems, a milking technician must attach the cluster to each cow, but the machine senses when the cow has been fully milked and drops off independently.	0
Paraguay's flag is the only national flag where the front and the back are different.	1
Artashat remained the capital of Armenia until 120 when the see of power was moved to Vagharshapat during the reign of Vologases I (Vagharsh I) 117/8–144.	0
Bermuda Dunes Airport (FAA designator: UDD) is on the north-western border of Indio, along I-10 just west of Jefferson Street.	0
In 2007, it lost the parts of Tecumseh that had since been amalgamated (South Sandwich Township).	0
These names include Mountain Lion, Puma, Panther, Paint, Screamer and Catamount.	0
The Paris Opera Ballet's sujet, Sarah Kora Dayanova, states that Guérin was her inspiration, having seen her on television dancing Nikiya in La Bayadère.	0
At the war council of the Rus’ princes it was decided not to wait for the coming of the Tatars but to attack them deep in the Cuman steppes.	0
A life-size statue of the elephant was erected in 1985 in St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada to commemorate the centennial of the elephant's death.	0
Through the centuries it has been synonymous with the Great Banyan tree.	0
Mirra Lokhvitskaya (1869–1905), poet and playwright	0
In 1889, following the death of Arthur Giry (1848-1899), he was appointed professor of diplomatics at the École des Chartes.	0
Note: Only regular season goals counted	0
Baked beans are low in fat and have a lot of fiber and protein.	1
"Apollo XI" (@440 Northern Electronic Soul remix) – 6:15	0
Golf the only sport played on the moon – on 6 February 1971 Alan Shepard hit a golf ball!	1
George Lucas’ Stormtroopers from the Star Wars saga were inspired by Gaudi’s Casa Mila building.	1
Kahne finished seventh in points and won his first career race at the Ford 300.	0
You can electrically shock a person's brain to greatly improve their math skills for up to 6 months.	1
TV series1997FriendsJason" The One with Ross's Thing"	0
The Space Station circles the earth every 90 minutes.	1
The failure of this kingdom from ever being a formidable foe can be linked to a number of reasons.	0
Patrick Cheney, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge.	0
Famous people who are buried in the Pantheon include painters Raphael and Annibale Carracci, composer Arcangelo Corelli and architect Baldassare Peruzzi.	1
She was born on 8th September 1979.	1
Reaching sizes up to 1.1 m (43 in), haddock is fished year-round.	1
In 2017, a church in Wittenberg, Germany introduced a robot priest, called BlessU-2, that gives blessings.	1
He has also represented England at under-17 and under-19 levels.	0
The London Underground trains were originally steam powered.	1
The medieval mullioned windows, replaced by Baroque windows, were restored between 1952 and 1966, and the vaults over the aisle were removed.	0
Whales are a common name for marine mammals.	1
They also hit the road with Morrissey and AFI (band) performed several headlining tours around the world.	0
The janissary force became particularly significant when the foot soldier carrying firearms proved more effective than the cavalry equipped with sword and spear.	0
29 The atomic number of copper.	1
She was a recovery ship for Project Apollo and was used in the filming of the movie Apollo 13	0
A short neck connects the head to three proglottids, the body segment of the worm which contains the eggs to be excreted in the feces.	0
According to the Ethnologue, it has some 184,000 speakers in Libya (controversially including Zuara Berber.)	0
The average American eats 263 eggs a year	1
The album spawned the two lead singles "Praise Him Now" and "Won't Hold Back".	0
A selection of wooden and metal doors are needed to create all sorts of door noises but also can be used for creaking boat sounds	0
Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.	0
This color is considered to be the most delicate color .	1
As a result, it may be only a matter of years before the Lusitania completely collapses in on herself.	0
Connor’s plan for a zombie apocalypse would be to either go to a B&amp;Q, or Asda.	1
The Public Enemy, a 1931 American film	0
October 4 - Siberia Airlines Flight 1812, a Tupolev Tu-154, explodes in mid-air and crashes into the Black Sea.	0
The most famous reindeer is Rudolph, who has a bright red nose.	1
The Grand Prix took place on 18 July and was somewhat controversial.	0
Kaif's successful career as a Bollywood actress has led to an influx of foreign aspirants seeking to establish themselves in the industry.	0
However, Filpse had both managerial skills and musical vision.	0
.At any time, it is estimated that there are some 10 quintillion (10,000,000,000,000,000,000) individual insects alive.	1
PlotArea = height:150 left:100 bottom:50 right:100	0
Konstantin grew up in Ukraine, partly in the countryside and partly in Kiev.	0
Bulletproof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all all invented by women	1
In 2010, an American man named Ashrita Furman took the title of “Most Bananas snapped in 1 minute” by breaking 99 of the yellow fruit with both hands in 60 seconds.	1
Four cows in Stearns county Minnesota were picked up by a tornado and set down unharmed.	1
"Kill the DJ" was included in Zane Lowe's Hottest Tracks of 2012; it finished second, while Calling by Sebastian Ingrosso and Alesso was first.	0
Amazon revealed that One Direction’s 2012 calendar is the top-selling calendar of all time.	1
The sacrifice and oracle scenes are similar to Gluck's Iphigénie en Aulide and Alceste.	0
For example, the top rim of the Haleakala volcano on the island of Maui is believed to be a location of strong mana.	0
Private schools must hire a special teacher for teaching Islamic education, even in Christian schools.	0
The Shang Dynasty of China uses bronze regularly.	1
Agricultural Research Service (ARS), United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).	0
al-Shidyāq al-nāqid: muqaddimat dīwān Aḥmad Fāris al-Shidyāq.	0
Pope Pelagius I (died 3 March 561) was Pope from 556 to his death in 561.	0
The typical church service is split up into three, one hour sections: The Sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and the Priesthood for the men, the Relief Society or Young Women’s for the females, and Primary for the children.	1
The Fly, a song by Sarah Brightman	0
Low-value cases, including most non-personal injury cases up to £10,000, are usually assigned to the small claims track, producing a small claims action in the County Court.	0
"The bizarre thing is if you put Yemen down (on the application), it would be harder to get a Social Security number than to say you are a native-born citizen of Las Cruces", Gaouette said.	0
His last club was Colón de Santa Fe in 2009.	0
Foley made his feature film writing and directing debut with Let's Kill Ward’s Wife.	0
Other politicians have become independents in the course of a parliamentary term, but not been voted into office as such.	0
David Doughty, (born 1937), English cricketer	0
Patricia McPherson (born November 27, 1954 in Oak Harbor, Washington) is an American actress.	0
D&apos;Arcy Plunkett (died 3 May 1936)	0
There are Gurkha military units in the Nepalese, British and the Indian army (Gorkhas) enlisted in Nepal.	0
The Bakweri Male Dance, for example, demonstrates the performers' virility.	0
Living mostly in Florence, Italy but traveling extensively back and forth from Rio de Janeiro, Pedro Américo managed to work also as a lecturer and an art historian.	0
The words "twerk," "derp," and "selfie," have been added to the Oxford English Dictionary.	1
Women were not allowed to vote in France until 1944	1
It resulted in a conviction and she was burnt at the stake in 1576.	0
Friedrich MerzLawyer and partner of Mayer Brown LLP, former Member of the German Bundestag	0
His step father is called Mark, Louis’ surname changed to Tomlinson at a young age.	1
Robins actually have quite the sweet tooth, being known to steal fruit cake and uncooked sweetened pastries.	1
94,8 : Radio J / Judaïques FM / RCJ / Radio Shalom	0
The Midlands didn’t suit his wife’s health and he made an urgent request to be released from his three-year contract.	0
The SI unit for spectral irradiance is W/m 3 .	0
Dennis Shaw – QB for the Buffalo Bills and St. Louis Cardinals.	0
The highest scoring word in Scrabble is oxyphenbutazone, worth 1,178 points.	1
For this, Pope Alexander had a new opening created in the portico of St. Peter’s and commissioned a marble door.	0
Nash Grier often says that his intentions were never to earn money from Vine.	1
He also featured in the penalty shootout loss against eventual winners Brazil.	0
A newborn Holstein calf weighs about 100 pounds and can walk within one hour after birth!	0
In 1312, King Ferdinand IV died leaving the infante John, Maria's husband, tutor of the infante Pedro de Castilla and governor of Castile.	0
Ahmed III left the finances of the Ottoman Empire in a flourishing condition, which had remarkably been obtained without excessive taxation or extortion procedures.	0
The title The Gospel of Nicodemus is mediaeval in origin.	0
Grégory Havret (born 25 November 1976) is a French professional golfer.	0
The tentacles of the giant arctic jellyfish can reach 36.6 meters (120 feet)	1
After two successive trials, in both of which the jury could not agree on a verdict, he and his co-defendants were cleared in November 1997.	0
Raichu is a Mouse Pokémon, and it shares this group with Pikachu, Rattata, Raticate, Sandshrew, and Sandslash.	1
(GER) Thomas Maschkiwitz Christian Öhler Christoph Wossala	0
Why We Can&apos;t Wait (1964) ISBN 978-0-8070-0112-7	0
Prey is often killed by strangulation, and not their sharp teeth.	1
Coccus tiliae Linnaeus, 1758 synonym for Eulecanium tiliae (Linnaeus, 1758)	0
Sceadugengan — "shadow walker", "night goer") given that the monster was repeatedly described to be in the shroud of darkness.	0
Some Asian countries put gold in fruit, jelly snacks, coffee, and tea.	1
The defensive positions were manned by the 2nd Tank Corps, reinforced by the 9th Guards Airborne Division and 301st Anti-tank Artillery Regiment, both from the 33rd Guards Rifle Corps.	0
John was seated in seat 24D on Oceanic 815.	1
Of the unproductive areas, 7.9% is unproductive vegetation and 10.3% is too rocky for vegetation.	0
There are many famous films depicting whales, including Big Miracle, the Free Willy franchise, Moby Dick, Pinocchio, and Whale Rider.	1
Homer has a low IQ due to his hereditary “Simpson Gene,” his alcohol problem, exposure to radioactive waste, repetitive cranial trauma, and a crayon lodged in the frontal lobe of his brain.	1
have resided in Liberia for at least ten years.	0
Historically, many missionaries and bishops grew up in Volendam.	0
Nintendo also enlisted outside help from various developer studios, mainly Game Arts.	0
Mountain Lions Prey A Mountain Lion hunts at dawn and dusk.	1
His parents, Fada and Juan Falú, were Syrian immigrants.	0
One type would be the tall, flat sided bull which has a slack back and a poor hindquarter.	1
Including Kumar, he has seven siblings in total, five brothers and two sisters.	1
The Master of James IV of Scotland was responsible for 48 miniatures in the second part of the Isabella Breviary, From f402r up to f524 with exception of the quire ff.	0
If Calum wasn’t in 5 Seconds of Summer, he would be a footballer.	1
1st, Prologue, Stage 4 & 7	0
Jack Buggit in The Shipping News by Annie Proulx	0
The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not named after either a Greek or Roman God.	1
Best Film - Musical or Comedy	0
At the end of 2008, Jamendo launched Jamendo PRO, which is a music licensing platform for commercial uses.	0
In the space of 15 years, Yamada Nagamasa rose from the low Thai nobility rank of Khun to the senior of Ok-ya, his title becoming Ok-ya Senaphimuk (Thai : ออกญาเสนาภิมุข).	0
The W07 had a contemporary boxed chassis suspended by semi-elliptic leaf springs onto beam axles front and rear.	0
Their upper part of their body is normally a reddish/brown or grey colour, whilst their underside is pale in colour.	1
[58] The term "black panther" is used colloquially to refer to melanistic individuals of other species, particularly jaguars and leopards.	0
In 2009 Porsche launched the 2nd Generation 997 GT3, boasting an enlarged 3.8 litre engine producing .	0
It was named by David Eppstein after the twelve-pointed star in the flag of Nauru.	0
The Eiffel Tower contains 18,038 pieces of steel connected by 2.5 million rivets !	1
In March 2012, Leslie was assigned twice to the Bakersfield Jam, the Clippers' D-League affiliate.	0
However, this decision was annulled in 2010 due to a violation of Fraport's right to be heard.	0
8 October - Bus drivers staged a strike over the terms of a new contract with CT Plus.	0
According to local residents, the site was secured and surrounded by a fence at that time.	0
He was as warm in his regard for Galuppi as Metastasio was cold.	0
This extends some of the mechanisms in 802.11u that enabled device discovery to further discover the services running on a device, or provided by a network.	0
Aurélie Claudel, Rhea Durham, Gisele Bündchen, Karen Elson, Mariana Weickert, Fernanda Tavares, Angela Lindvall, Ana Claudia Michels, Liisa Winkler, Noémie Lenoir, Frankie Rayder, Carmen Kass	0
Also notable about the song is that it features no bass guitar&mdash;John Cale, who usually played bass or viola, was playing his organ on the take.	0
1986/87November 1, 1986IJsselmeervogels - Spakenburg 0-0	0
They seem to have a tendency to call living room sanctuaries 'cathedrals';" those buildings were not perceived as cultural symbols and did not meet the survey criteria.	0
Since 1942, Fairchild Air Force Base/Station has been a key part of the United States' defense strategy—from World War II repair depot, to Strategic Air Command bomber wing during the Cold War, to Air Mobility Command air refueling wing during Operation IRAQI FREEDOM.	0
This relationship ended in 2008, and DreamWorks announced that they will use Intel processors for future productions.	0
2014 saw the 75th anniversary of the much loved Christmas character and the 50th TV anniversary of Rudolph, the commemorate this Christmas legend, the US postal Service issued a range of Red-Nosed stamps on 6th November 2014 featuring images of all the well-known Christmas characters from the TV special including Bumble, Santa and Rudolph himself.	1
During the 1960s, mayor Jean Drapeau carried upgraded infrastructure throughout the city, such as the construction of the Montreal Metro, while the provincial government built much of what is today's highway system.	0
Image:Bellotto View of Warsaw from the Royal Castle.jpg| View of Warsaw from the Royal Castle in 1773	0
Evangeline Lilly Attended the University of British Columbia in Vancouver where she studied International Relations.	1
On 28th November 2002, the Eiffel Tower received its 200,000,000th guest!	1
2014 has the record for songs released with the most repetitive lyrics.	1
However, opposition against the Marshall Plan was greatly reduced by the shock of the Communist coup in Czechoslovakia in February 1948.	0
More people die from falling coconuts then from shark attacks	1
They are made with a high quality, tough wool using a Persian knot.	0
Claire Louise Frisbie (January 1, 1940 - April 20, 1973; his death)	0
(which even featured the Grindhouse theaters of 42nd Street that had made Man from Deep River famous).	0
Made them rigid… Except for the drilling sequence, which was shot with sound, it was essentially a silent film.	0
It provides interpretation of Washington's life and achievements, as well as interpretation of 1850s slavery and farming through the use of buildings, gardens, crafts and animals.	0
Alfred Nobel invented dynamite in 1866!	1
Both have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.	0
The Nobel Prize resulted from a late change in the will of Alfred Nobel, who did not want to be remembered after his death as a propagator of violence – he invented dynamite!	1
You cannot reverse a transaction or be forced to pay.	1
Did you know that there are also black leopards?	0
Modifications were also made to the 2.85-litre six to lift economy, and the powerplants managed to reduce fuel consumption by as much as 12.5 and 14 percent, correspondingly.	0
To achieve this, Coleson Cove burns 5 million barrels of oil annually and discharges its exhaust through twin smoke stacks.	0
About 5.4% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.	0
Multi-purpose stadiums are a type of stadium designed to be easily used by multiple types of events.	0
Pelvic fins are absent in both sexes.	0
For example, the Florentine aristocrat Giovanvettorio Soderini wrote how they "were to be sought only for their beauty" and were grown only in gardens or flower beds.	0
A large portion of the Oxford English Dictionary was written by a murderer from a mental institution.	1
The eyes of a Hammerhead shark are at either end of the “hammer”.	1
Unlike most other billiard games, there is no designated cue ball: each ball can be shot into the pocket.	0
Moreover, the Algiers soil is difficult to dig in, and the city's topography is irregular.	0
(I.e., if data has not previously been ruled in, then it's ruled out.)	0
The increase in trade resulted in larger political units and more complex social structures.	0
One of the songs that me and Emeli wrote is like a big orchestral piece and it has no drums.	0
As long as you can still breathe through your mouth or nose, you will not die from asphyxiation when covered in paint.	0
The first band to ever perform live on all seven continents was Metallica.	1
Archived from the original on July 3, 2012.	0
The Milky Way and Andromeda, another spiral galaxy, are heading toward one other at about 120 km per second (75 miles per second), and will collide in over 4 billion years.	1
Squirrels can fall from 30 metres high, without hurting themselves.	1
Their videos include; ‘All Time Low’, ‘Heart Vacancy’, ‘Lose My Mind’, ‘Gold Forever’, ‘Glad You Came’, ‘Lightning’, ‘Warzone’, and ‘Chasing the Sun’.	1
New Zealand is one of the first countries to celebrate New Year’s.	1
The square is the location of the Paris Catacombs museum.	0
George T. Miller (born 1943), Australian film and television director and producer	0
Cyrus, a gang leader in the 1979 film The Warriors	0
Seiko Kawamura ( ), volleyball player	0
Reviews for Kylo Ren’s character were positively received by most critics, with some comparing him to Darth Vader but quick to add that his character is a new villain in his own right.	1
He was quoted as saying: "A Junta presided over by Cisneros is the same as Cisneros' viceroyalty".	0
On July 22, Lincoln presented it to his entire cabinet as something he had determined to do and he asked their opinion on wording.	0
When you die, your hair and nails will stop growing too.	1
The dolphins have remarkable hearing capabilities which also help them in catching their prey.	1
It implies that government's lack of legitimacy, in the view of those using the term.	0
Scarab is capable of autonomously traversing in dark polar craters.	0
Brad, along with Tristan and James have modelled for Saint Kidd.	1
It was revealed early on that she had a child at age 17, but had always thought he was dead until Teri revealed he was alive and she had kept it a secret from her for years.	0
Acts 28 dispensationalists believe in the “one baptism” of Ephesians 4:5 to be a spiritual baptism which closely identifies the believer with the death, burial, and resurrection of Christ.	0
Thus, the bridge will not be blocked.	0
The floor, now flagged, would probably originally have been rush-covered earth, with a central hearth.	0
However, this could leave over-optimistic clients with a railway designed and built to a price and not making enough money to support proper maintenance (and hence laying up problems for itself as an accident on the St Andrews Railway showed).	0
The first player to break the record for most expensive soccer player outside of the U.K., was Bernabé Ferreyra in 1932 for a whopping £23,000.	1
Gaga’s song Just Dance was released on Christmas eve 2008 in the UK, it wasn’t officially realised in the US until 6th January.	1
"Ayer" (Gloria Estefan song) by singer-songwriter Gloria Estefan	0
List of pitchers who have struck out 18 or more batters in a nine-inning MLB game	0
LL Short, JFM Horne (2002) Family Capitonidae (barbets).	0
The ship was renamed Genoa, and on 1 January 2004 she arrived at Alang, where she was beached and subsequently broken up.	0
She defeated all three of her opponents to qualify for her first career senior grand slam.	0
One of the pioneering works of Russian formalism was Eichenbaum's reappraisal of The Overcoat.	0
Romney discovered few investment opportunities himself (and those that he did, often failed to make money for the firm).	0
Exclusive Media Group, Cross Creek Pictures, Smoke House Pictures, and Leonardo DiCaprio's Appian Way Productions financed the film.	0
Nxa8 Rxa8 20. a3 Nb6 21.	0
Good bacteria in the Rumen helps soften and digest the cows food and provides protein for the cow.	1
Schools for aborigines were also established in aboriginal areas.	0
Bulls are capable of remaining profitable at stud to the age of 12 or more.	1
There are some US Navy Aircraft Carries with Starbucks on board.	1
Human hands are perhaps the most universally recognized example of chirality: the left hand is a non-superposable mirror image of the right hand; no matter how the two hands are oriented, it is impossible for all the major features of both hands to coincide.	0
He attended Indiana University-Bloomington as a graduate student where he met his future wife, Sandy Welsh, a sociology professor at University of Toronto.	0
Riŋkonāda (also known as Rinconada Bikol ) is the mother tongue spoken by 96.67% of the population.	0
2nd and 3rd: Thomas Normand (Financière de l'échiquier) and Bertrand Delesne sailing Zone Large followed Raison.	0
Sean Halton (born 1987), American professional baseball player for Milwaukee Brewers	0
She’s always had friends in high places, and at college, Jessie J and Leona Lewis were in her class.	1
Dogs have a total of thirteen different blood types, and they are also able to donate blood to other dogs.	1
In 1833 it merged with La Tribune Catholique.	0
The High School Musical film series consists of three Disney musical films directed by Kenny Ortega and created by Peter Barsocchini.	0
He starred in the movie Swiss Army Man in 2016 and promoted it by travelling around New York and Los Angeles with a mannequin of himself.	1
The group worked with music luminaries, Daylight, Julian Bunetta, Joe Lond and Ricky Reed on their first full length debut album in early 2014.	1
On 18 June 2009, Steve Davis was appointed Assistant Manager to Gudjon Thordarson.	0
Four cows in Stearns county Minnesota were picked up by a tornado and set down unharmed.	1
Cadillac / Bad Azz, Butch Cassidy & Ras Kass / Personal Business / Bad Azz / Vocals	0
The early 19th century also saw a revolution in steam engine technology which was to radically transform hard-rock mining fortunes.	0
Other companies offering plug-in conversions or kits for the Toyota Prius (some of them also for Ford Escape Hybrid) include Hymotion, Hybrids Plus Manzanita Micro and OEMtek BREEZ (PHEV-30).	0
His unexpected death midway through Season 1 is widely considered a turning point in the series.	0
The 1971–78 generation is mainly noted for the early use of two safety features that are now required on all cars in the United States, the aforementioned high mounted taillights (although a somewhat similar feature had appeared briefly as an option on the Ford Thunderbird in the late 1960s), and from 1974 through 1976, the Toronado was part of GM's first experimental production run of driver- and passenger-side airbags, which GM named the Air Cushion Restraint System.	0
There are around 200 different types of races and cultures within Australia, making it one of the most multi-cultural nations in the world.	1
Hulls BB-65 and BB-66 were originally to be however, passage of an emergency war building program on 19 July 1940 resulted in both hulls being reordered as Iowa-class battleships In 1958, Kentucky s engines were salvaged and installed on the fast combat support ships and .	0
With a G+ account, you get unlimited photo storage on Picasa, instead of the 1GB storage you get without a G+ account.	1
While still playing, Regan became a playing-coach in 1961–62 with the Pittsburgh Hornets for part of the season.	0
It was held on November 22, 2004 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	0
A light-year is the distance covered by light in a single year; this is equivalent to 5.88 trillion miles (9.5 trillion km).	1
In 2006, he played Brake in the film Kidulthood.	1
Sharks have been on Earth for over 400 million years	1
Ulrich von Zatzikhoven; Kerth, Thomas Kirth (translator) (2005).	0
Although the office space was fully occupied, the "Bear Hall" and the tower rooms remained unused except for some exhibits of plans by the City Construction Supervisor, Hans Scharoun, and so were left unheated leading to damp and mould damage.	0
In 2006 won the Glamour magazine award for “Form and content”;	0
The name “Robin” wasn’t always the choice of phrase, until the 20th century they were simply known as “Redbreasts”.	1
The boys say that Connor is the best dancer out of the group.	1
The two French airmen who were detained after their Mirage 2000 was downed by Bosnian Serb forces on 30 August 1995, Lt. Jose Souvignet and Capt.	0
The Khmer Rouge were driven out of Phnom Penh by the Vietnamese in 1979, and people began to return to the city.	0
Bokassa lived in exile in Paris and was sentenced to death in absentia in December 1980.	0
However, while Concorde was engaged with Engageante, the Résolue dropped back and laid herself across Concorde bows, badly damaging her sails and rigging to the point where she was disabled.	0
He is known for his portrayal of the merchant Sol Star on the HBO series Deadwood, Dustin Powers on Eastbound &amp; Down, Academy Award-nominated performance as the menacing backwoods meth addict Teardrop in Winter&apos;s Bone and his Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominated portrayal of Mark O'Brien in The Sessions.	0
She sang the song "Angels from the Realms of Glory" from the album for the TNT special Christmas in Washington.	0
Neckarburken (774 AD) => Borocheim (Burgheim)	0
Among his poems was Zhuravli, which became a well-known Soviet song.	0
Miho's classmate in elementary school and Hitomi's childhood friend, who is talented at sports.	0
He stressed that a slave who becomes a Christian does not need to be freed, and that slave owners therefore should allow their slaves to be baptized.	0
Later, more complex methods were used to allow multiple miners to work together and search larger amounts of gravel for gold.	0
Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.	1
The fastest ever World Cup goal took place only 10.89 seconds after kick off and was scored by Hakan Sukur of Turkey against South Korea in 2002.	1
Taylor guitar cases are also made in the same factory.	0
Setas, during the autumn a great variety of mushrooms can be collected in the forests near Cuenca.	0
Wreaths were presented by the town council, co-operative society and the miners’ union.	0
Penguins open their feather to feel the cold.	1
The Good News of God, sermons (1859)	0
There are over 60 different species of eagle, most of them from Africa, Asia and Europe.	1
He stated that Fiona Apple was one of his favourite artists, and he wanted to become the ‘rap version’ of her.	1
John A. Lott (1805-1878), New York lawyer and politician	0
The average person sheds .7kg (1.5 pounds) of skin each year	1
There was a man in the late 1700’s who had such a constant and severe appetite, he was once kicked out from a hospital because they thought he ate an entire toddler.	1
As of 2007, the treesort has nine treehouses, three with bathrooms.	0
The U.S Fish and Wildlife Service have listed the Hawaiian crow and the Mariana crow as endangered.	1
More than twice as many women than men eat and crave chocolate.	1
In Hindu mythology, Buddha is the God of Mercury, mid-week Wednesday, and of Merchants and merchandise.	1
Salgueiro Maia never wanted to assume any political power position after the Portuguese 1974 coup d'état.	0
However, England’s soccer nemesis, Germany, are the team to have won the most World Cup penalty shootouts, having won 4 in total.	1
The rarest type of diamond is green	1
What was unusual was th the second blooming in November 2012 occurred less than 20 months after he first.	0
River appeared in Yellowcard’s music video for “Sing For Me,” in which he shares his story about depression and self-harm.	1
Vice-Admiral Octavius Henry Cyril Harcourt (26 Dec 1793 - 14 Aug 1863)	0
The greatest number of surviving Gothic buildings are churches.	0
Aaliyah began her acting career that same year; she played herself in the police drama television series New York Undercover.	0
This released is available under three formats.	0
The plans are opposed by environmental groups such as Friends of the Earth and Stop New Nuclear.	0
Fire usually moves faster uphill than downhill!	1
Although credited to Malmsteen, "Air on a Theme" is an arrangement of the second movement (Largo) of Antonio Vivaldi's "Piccolo Concerto in C Major (RV443)", whilst "Braveheart" contains a riff from Gary Moore's "Over the Hills and Far Away".	0
The human brain is the fattest organ in the body and may consists of at least 60% fat.	1
Schagen van Leeuwen, head of the firm Hazemeijer Fabriek van Signaalapparaten.	0
File:US Navy 110317-N-5469W-016 Rear Adm. Vic Guillory, commander of U.S.	0
Brigadier-major (OR-9, equal to gendarmerie major)	0
He also met with Bolshevik leaders, including Lenin.	0
The gender distribution of the population was 2310 male and 2214 female.	0
Due to international treaties between the USA and other countries, national liquors such as pisco (treaty with Chile), cachaça (treaty with Brazil), and tequila (treaty with Mexico) are listed by the US TTB (Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau) under their own class-type names, and can be used in US commerce so named.	0
Wendy Simms is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama , portrayed by Liz Vassey.	0
Maggie is scanned at a cash register in one episode, and the price shows $847.63, the average monthly cost to raise a baby in 1989.	1
A ‘haw’ is the third eyelid of a cat, which can only be seen when the cat isn’t well.	1
His experiences as a soldier provide the basis for his first stories, including the very first, "Four Days" (Russian: "Четыре дня"), based on a real incident.	0
Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated hoofed animals.	0
Bart has a twin brother named Hugo.	1
333 MHz Introduced January 26, 1998	0
Generally, white gold is coated with a very thin layer of rhodium to give it greater depth of color and shine.	0
Jim Davis’ Garfield is printed in 7 different languages!	1
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.	1
Its technical sorcery (yes, that's the word) just takes your breath away."	0
Coffee is the most popular beverage worldwide with over 400 billion cups consumed each year	1
They visited three towns in Pennsylvania and three towns in Ohio.	0
Yoshukai study includes traditional Okinawan kobudo as an extension of karate technique, and mastering the use of martial arts weapons may be required for advancing in rank.	0
Charlie Benjamin is the current Governor while his counterpart in the Open Seat is Ronny Knight.	0
He has subsequently admitted that he had never actually visited the city at that time.	0
Both play a role in the expression of genes, where constitutive heterochromatin can affect the genes near them (position-effect variegation) and where facultative heterochromatin is the result of genes that are silenced through a mechanism such as histone deacetylation or piRNA through RNAi.	0
Therefore, although the style could be considered neomodern, contemporary is also not included within the modern or multipurpose era of symmetrical, non-glass, or utilitarian stadiums built from the 1950s through 1991.	0
On May 11, 2011, Tre Fiori won their seventh league title by defeating Tre Penne 1–0, with the goal scored by Alessandro Giunta, in the final of the championship playoffs thereby reaching the first qualifying round of the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League.	0
Main products: polyvinyl chloride (PVC), silicones, methanol, chloromethane, cellulose derivatives, povals, caustic soda, and silicon metals	0
Consistent with this concept, some ancient sources assert that the heavenly hosts—variously described as including the angels, the sons of God, and/or the souls of humanity—were part of the light that appeared on day one of creation.	0
There were 26–42 cougars estimated after wolf establishment (1998–2005).	1
Kyp Malone – Vocals, guitar, bass, synthesizer, strings	0
In 2003, 25th March was announced as Tolkien Reading Day in schools.	1
Monsters Inc. Special - Mike Wazowski, Mrs. Wazowski (Mike's mother)	0
At one point, a Răducan doll was even rumored to be in the works.	0
The European route E39 highway goes through Vestnes on its way from Sjøholt to Molde.	0
Just as the townspeople are about to enact revenge on Homer, Reverend Lovejoy returns in a helicopter and leads everyone in prayer, asking God to forgive them for letting themselves be led by a "demon in blue pants."	0
Under Pope Paul V (reigned 1605-1621), a major conflict arose between Venice and the Papacy.	0
If you could drive to the sun at a speed of 88.5 km/h (55 mp/h) it would take around 193 years	1
Since the 1890s historians have vigorously debated the nature of Populism; most scholars have been liberals who admired the Populists for their attacks on banks and railroads.	0
Her mother is called Joan Grande-Butera, and has always been a massive influence in Ariana’s career.	1
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Among the more famous uses of wind chimes as musical instruments was their inclusion in certain Beatles songs.	1
Cat News (Special Issue 1): 4–8.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)	0
He was born in Omaha, Nebraska which is the same hometown as world renowned actor Marlon Brando.	1
2001 FIFA Confederations Cup: Top scorer	0
Pharmacia was a pharmaceutical and biotechnological company in Sweden.	0
In wheelchair racing athletes compete in lightweight racing chairs.	0
A detailed catalog of the archived materials has been compiled by the Institute staff and is available on-line through the California Digital Library.	0
Some have argued that Shostakovich's inclusion of these songs makes more explicit in the symphony the actual chain of consequences as well as events being portrayed—namely, that had Tsar Nicholas II listened to the people's demands and liberalized the government in 1905 to the point where widespread social change was enacted, there would not have been a recurrence of protest 12 years later to topple him from power.	0
In 1957, Bill Haley &amp; His Comets recorded a popular rock and roll version retitled "Rock Lomond".	0
In Ancient Egypt, killing a cat, even by accident, resulted in a death penalty!	1
It is up for eleven Oscar nominations.	1
Adelaar (1993) classifies the Malayic languages as follows.	0
Four beers are featured in the US market: Grolsch Lager, Grolsch Amber, Grolsch Blonde and Grolsch Light.	0
January is named after the Roman god Janus, who had two faces, one looking forward to the new year and one looking back to the old.	1
Queen Elizabeth saved up post-war clothing ration coupons in order to pay for her wedding dress in 1947.	1
5sos are going to write with All Time Low in the near future.	1
There have been many crossovers with Family Guy and The Cleveland Show.	1
The Argents realize the werewolf is an Omega werewolf, one without a pack.	0
He used to collect old political buttons.	1
According to CureEpilepsy.org, 1 in 26 Americans will develop epilepsy during their life.	1
in autumn 2011 Ruukki achieved the position of industry leader in two Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes	0
An online exclusive, Dream Dark, was published in 2011.	1
Convergence of measures in the Radon metric is sometimes known as strong convergence, as contrasted with weak convergence.	0
The camp was laid siege to by the Israeli army and Lebanese Christian Phalangists during 1982, after Israel invaded Lebanon earlier that year.	0
The Illustrious Royal Order of St. Ferdinand and Merit is an order of knighthood of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.	0
The band’s Twitter profile is @twentyonepilots.	1
Luc Johnston - Tru and Luc started dating and fell in love.	0
She was also one of an educational group that was invited to tour Poland and visited South Africa in 1927 and 1929.	0
He has a past which he seems a little embarrassed by.	0
^ C. S. Lewis (1950).	0
In 1985, along with Luca Pianca, he co - founded Il Giardino Armonico, a pioneering Italian early-music ensemble based in Milan.	0
"Karla Faye" (Mary Gauthier/Crit Harmon) on the album Drag Queens in Limousines	0
Of the 748 households, 30.9% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families.	0
There is a daily newspaper column in Thailand devoted solely to Scrabble.	1
It is said that an alien skull was found on Mars.	1
Paul Bento - electronics and tamboura on "The Profit Of Doom"	0
Later, Fulgentius retired to a monastery on the island of Circinia, but was recalled to Ruspe, and served there until his death on 1 January, 533.	0
Born in Córdoba, Córdoba Province, Coloccini started his career in the youth team of Argentinos Juniors, but made his professional debut in 1998 with Boca Juniors.	0
His first acting job was a little known sitcom called American Dreamer.	1
Ferrets sleep between 18 - 20 hours a day	1
Over 10 million colour hues can be detected by the eye, but it can’t pick up ultraviolet or infrared light.	1
According to Calum, Michael Clifford gives the best cuddles.	1
Chamonix Hockey Club - Ice Skating Club de Paris 2:3	0
CISD currently operates the following schools:	0
On April 15, 2013, the Non-Public Property Board approved a second name change for the organization from CFPFSS to Canadian Forces Morale and Welfare Services.	0
However, as no AFM contracts from these sessions are known to exist, the actual dates are currently unknown.	0
It was written by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl.	1
The city had long been a fixture on Money magazine's "Best Places to Live" index, and was ranked number 67 on the 2006 list, and in the top 3, including number one multiple times, from 1993-1997.	0
Puja is performed each day and devotees do not remove the flower garland that is put each day on the sculpture or image of the deity.	0
Melton is the home of the harness racing complex Tabcorp Park, and is the base for Harness Racing Victoria.	0
Under the Qing Guangxu Emperor, Yichang was opened to foreign trade as a trading port after Qing and Great Britain signed Chefoo Convention, which was signed by Sir Thomas Wade and Li Hongzhang in Chefoo on 21 August 1876.	0
IBSF World Amateur Championship – 1980	0
The odds of being born on 29th February are 1 in 1461.	1
In addition Slotin experienced a sour taste in his mouth and an intense burning sensation in his left hand.	0
McEnroe then slammed his racquet into a juice cart beside the court.	0
Dirk III Hierosolymita (r. 993 – 1039), son of Arnulf I	0
Jesus and others quoted in the gospels spoke primarily in Aramaic, but the gospels themselves are each written in Greek.	0
Tuhár is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	0
The burial mask's ears were perforated as well, but the holes were covered with golden discs.	0
To power a flashlight bulb, you need 500 wired lemons to conduct electricity.	1
Simon Keefe has written that the composition of the work dates from 1788. as he took ill in September 1791 and died on 5 December 1791.	0
The role of Voldemort in the Harry Potter movies have been played by six actors.	1
The Swan and Sugar Loaf pub, which featured as the firefighters' local, has since been converted to flats.	0
Selena’s clothing line “Dream Out Loud” launched on 15th July 2010.	1
The eastern portion of the township along Lake Erie is served by Jefferson Schools, while the rest of the township is served by Airport Community Schools.	0
The town has three Catholic parishes: St. Francis of Assisi (Poblacion), St. Vincent Ferrer (Bitoon), and Our Lady of the Holy Rosary (Bulak).	0
Indeed, ramp's vitamin and mineral content did bolster the health of people who went without many green vegetables during the winter.	0
In Oklahoma, mistletoe is the state flower.	1
Sierpinski carpet, another fractal named after Sierpinski and formed by repeatedly removing squares from a larger square	0
In "Twilight's Last Gleaming, Part 3", Mikaela Banes attempts to free Optimus Prime, but is attacked by Frenzy.	0
His period as king marked the beginning of the civil war era in Norway, which lasted until 1240.	0
In 2014, a missing woman on a vacation in Iceland was found when it was discovered that she was in the search party looking for herself.	1
Cows must be milked 2 times per day, every day of the week.	1
auritus group", now placed in Paratriaenops.	0
South Africa's first offshore environmental protection vessel, the Sarah Baartman, is also named after her.	0
Opal is the gift for a couple’s 26th wedding anniversary.	1
In a previous scene in the film, Cole wakes up in a hospital bed with scientists of the future talking to him in chorus.	0
New Haven; London: Yale University Press, 2009 (ISBN 978-0-300-11438-6).	0
Calling on his now-formidable knowledge of the law regarding individual liberty, Sharp briefed Somersett's lawyers.	0
Before the film's release, Alex Billington of FirstShowing.net dubbed it "the next Rushmore" — which also starred Jason Schwartzman in the lead — based on the similar character elements.	0
It existed alongside with the British general governorship created during the Entente's intervention in Transcaucasia.	0
Interestingly enough, the two lost patience with each other frequently, and subsequently didn’t like each other.	1
In modern times, the computer of Denziland awoke the Denzidog IC when it detected the Vader Clan approaching Earth.	0
Plaster may be cast directly into a damp clay mold.	0
(He was also fluent in French.)	0
He supports Manchester City since a very young age.	1
A duck can't walk without bobbing its head	1
There are over 97,000 km (60,000 miles) of blood vessels in the average person	1
Goldfish can see both infrared and ultraviolet light	1
Leaving the neutral port in under 24 hours, the ship then rendezvoused with German cruiser at Angaur before returning to the Philippines in early August and putting in at Cebu where she was interned.	0
A book based on one the courses -- "Baseball as a Road to God"—was published in 2013.	0
Though not a commercial hit, the album received unanimous critical acclaim.	0
The home field is located in South Zanesville at the Maysville Athletic Complex (MAC) on the campus of Maysville Local School District.	0
He has represented and captained England at various youth levels.	0
Edmond du Sommerard (1817–1885), elected in 1882	0
As a child she was in the Ukrainian Girl Scouts and did Ukrainian folk dancing in the Catskills during the summer.	1
The 2007 estimated population of Aguié Department was 270,000.	0
Coast Salish bands had temporary camps on the island, to fish and collect berries, which were scattered and moved from year to year.	0
Wei (surname), various Chinese surnames (魏, 衛, 尉, 蔿, 韋)	0
In April 2012, Rooney scored his 180th goal – which made him United’s fourth-highest goal-scorer of all time.	1
In 1953-1954, he was expelled from the Politburo and fired as minister because of "party-hostile activity."	0
Only half of the fort was built when British troops attacked.	1
Andrew said that if an actual zombie apocalypse happened, cappuccino would be one of the thangs he misses the most!	1
Wilhelmina went on to be the most prominent figure, owing to her experience and knowledge.	0
The month of March was derived from Mars.	1
Tomás Boy (Sept 6, 1996–June 30, 1997)	0
The title of the series is usually considered an allusion to Dante's Divine Comedy; while Ferdinand Brunetière, the famous French literary critic, suggests that it may stem from poems by Alfred de Musset or Alfred de Vigny.	0
She is a brown-haired, well endowed girl who works mostly in the Student Council, doing all the work Anzu allocates her.	0
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), is a fatal, neurological disease of cattle.	1
Homer’s Social security number is 568-47-0008.	1
Plato once declared that dogs have the souls of philosophers.	1
The Archer Fish actually “fire” at prey with a a strong and accurate small jet of water.	1
Kirk-Othmer Concise Encyclopedia of Chemistry, Martin Grayson, Editor, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1985	0
Some land turtles are fast enough to out run humans.	1
Harvard’s AI chemical molecule exploration robot found that margaritas taste better with 10% vinegar.	1
He doesn’t remember the first album he ever bought, but he knows it was either a Hannah Montana album or a Shania Twain album.	1
After his return, several départements asked him to represent them in the Senate.	0
He moved to Bournemouth when he was four years old.	1
He is a fan of Beyonce, Chris Brown, Mario, Michael Jackson and Usher.	1
It stars Nick Nolte, Gene Hackman and Joanna Cassidy.	0
It then became the basis for Lord's first solo album, Gemini Suite, released in November 1972, with vocals by Yvonne Elliman and Tony Ashton and with the London Symphony Orchestra backing a band that included Albert Lee on guitar.	0
Two praetors were appointed by Claudius for matters relating to Fideicommissa (trusts), when the business in that department of the law had become considerable, but Titus reduced the number to one; and Nerva added a Praetor for the decision of matters between the Fiscus (treasury) and individuals.	0
[99] California has actively sought to protect the cat and has an estimated population of 4,000 to 6,000.	0
Cameron’s sister, Sierra Dallas, is also very popular online.	1
The modern names Alwin, Alvin may be a reduction of this name, or alternatively of Adalwin, the Old High German cognate of the Anglo-Saxon Æthelwine.	0
She drives a 2009 Ford Escape Hybrid.	1
A massive hit was "My Grandfather&apos;s Clock", published in 1876, which was introduced by Sam Lucas in Hartford, Connecticut, and again secured more than a million sales of the sheet music, along with popularizing the phrase "grandfather clock" to describe a longcase clock."	0
On March 21, Simferopol officially became the capital of a new federal subject of the Russian Federation.	0
Farmer Wants a WifeThe CWMatt Neustadt2008, 30 April	0
The temperature ranges from -140°C to 70.7°C throughout the year.	1
Peaches are the third most popular fruit grown in America.	1
It is also illegal to eat mince pies on Christmas Day!	1
A male cougar living in the Cascade Mountains kills a deer or elk every 9 to 12 days.	1
Hopper's portrayal, like several of those by Guys, shows the grisette wearing a traditional seamstress apron.	0
Shooting Darryl, Part 2/Step Into My Office 2:17	0
Terry Disley & Imogen Heap – keyboards	0
She later became a Los Angeles police officer.	0
This tournament marked the introduction of the "First Four" round and an expansion of the field of participants from 65 teams to 68.	0
The site was authorized and allocated funds for significant improvement, preservation and the construction of a modern visitors center.	0
2008 marked the 50th anniversary of biological research on Bird Island.	0
As a virgin, Artemis had interested many gods and men, but only her hunting companion, Orion, won her heart.	0
It took four hours to create Christian Bale's artificial chest hair in American Hustle.	1
They also say that in medieval times, Don Miguel Pico found a treasure in the land of the people, and given that Don Miguel was sexmero (land dealer), they named in their honor and the people had repopulation.	0
Due to the fact that Helium is lighter than Hydrogen, every time Hydrogen nuclei fuse together to create Helium nuclei within the Sun’s core, it loses a small amount of its mass.	1
2.5 billion people are living with poor vision unnecessarily because they do not have corrective eyewear.	1
His plan works and the Belgian government approves an enactment on 28 May 2002: euthanasia is allowed when an adult victim can't be cured, has to live in unworthy conditions, and at least three doctors confirm this situation.	0
Cross-bred steers have the added length, depth and width characteristics of the Galloway.	0
Platinum High School is a 1960 film.	0
In September 2017, Aaron Paul and his wife Lauren announced that they are expecting their first child!	1
In 1989 he founded Le Concert des Nations, an orchestra generally emphasizing Baroque period, but sometimes also Classical and even Romantic music (e.g., Sinfonía Grande Orquesta by Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga) (1806-1826).	0
Members of the species are predominantly green, with wide, dark stripes.	0
More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed every year by using equipment meant for right-handed people!	1
The calibre cannon accepted balls that weighed about , although it could only be fired 8-10 times a day due to the tremendous heat generated by the powder charge required.	0
In 2011 they headlined their first nationwide tour, featuring 16 dates.	1
Nelapattu Bird sanctuary is one of the largest pelican resting places with more than 1,500 pelicans visiting annually.	0
Other candidates were trial lawyer Mike Ciresi, and Jim Cohen an attorney and human rights activist who had dropped out of the race earlier.	0
Abetalipoproteinaemia is usually caused by a mutation in the MTP gene, MTP.	0
Another specimen assigned to Halticosaurus was collected by O. Jaekel in 1909, at the Trossingen Formation in Germany in sediments deposited during the Rhaetian stage of the Triassic period, approximately 208 to 201 million years ago.	0
Strictly speaking it is any method of manipulating or interfering with the structure and/or function of neurons for improvement or repair.	0
It is a strange Irish birthday tradition to lift the birthday child upside down, and gently tap his head on the floor the number of times as is his age plus one.	1
Her current contract in Buffalo extends through the 2015-2016 season, thus encompassing Kleinhans Hall’s 75th anniversary in 2015.	0
Some say his real name is Robin Gunningham, hence the references to him as ‘Robin Hood’.	1
( ) (Races in bold indicate pole position)	0
Der hochmütige, gestürzte und wieder erhabene Croesus (The Proud, Overthrown and Again Exalted Croesus) is a three-act opera (described as a "Singe-Spiel") composed by Reinhard Keiser.	0
The white steeple used to serve as a landmark for seafarers.	0
There was a parcel shelf behind the seats that could only be accessed through the main doors.	0
The US is the world's largest consumer of coffee	1
Farmers will incubate the eggs for 28 days, whereupon they are hatched, sorted and separated.	1
The prince belonged to a very rich family, and at the age of 29, he left his family and kingdom in the quest for peace and enlightenment.	1
from: 02/02/1966 till: 28/03/1966 color:acting text:"İbrahim Şevki Atasagun"	0
According to Mahler, writing in 1966, “The Bürgermeisterei (“Mayoralty”) of Hundheim at ﬁrst belonged to the so-called Kreisdirektion Kaiserslautern (“Kaiserslautern District Directorate”), but then after the formation of the Landkommissariate (“State Commissariates”) in 1817 was assigned to the Landkommissariat of Kusel.	0
Brown is considered an Earth color because it can be found nearly everywhere on Earth and it is the color of soil.	1
1946 - Ahmed H. Zewail, Egyptian chemist, Nobel Prize laureate	0
He started his career as a writer publishing A Young Man's Life (hangul: 젊은이의 시절).	0
Joseph, Celucien L. From Toussaint to Price-Mars: Rhetoric, Race, and Religion in Haitian Thought (CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform, 2013)	0
Noted for his punishing runs and strong tackling, by the time he left New Zealand he was only the fifth back to have played more than 50 games for the Highlanders.	0
Sega Saturn Magazine stated in 1997 that her breasts are "putting even Lara Croft to shame, can only be referred to as the biggest, bountiful breasts we've ever gawped at."	0
being a pornographic actor: rules for the young person, and for other people, regarding production, possession, etc.	0
In 1918, with the help of a legacy from the theology professor Franz Xaver Knabenbauer, a native of Niederalteich, a monastery was re-established here and settled from Metten Abbey.	0
Observers generally recognized that during the spring and summer of 1917 the American people, at least in the Midwest, were not fervent supporters of the war.	0
Bulbasaur, as many of us know, is a grass type Pokémon, but they are also classed as a Poison type Pokémon.	1
The Soviet and German generals paid homage to each other's armies and their respective victories over Polish forces.	0
For three days Polish attacks and German counterattacks brought heavy losses to both sides.	0
c is a factor that depends on the effective cut-off.	0
In November 2014, Birra Forst SpA created the world’s largest bauble with a diameter of 15ft (4.58m) and weighed 1060 lb (481kg).	1
In the 2008 federal election, he was defeated by Conservative candidate Paul Calandra by 545 votes, or 1.5 votes per poll.	0
Price, Melanye T. Dreaming Blackness: Black Nationalism and African American Public Opinion (2009)	0
There are 3,078 housing units at an average density of 480.2 per square mile (185.4/km 2 ).	0
Despite health worries, she appeared in 20 of the 24 dates of the tour,	0
New Tricks, UK / BBC, 2003	0
If all the Scrabble tiles ever produced were lined up, they would stretch for more than 50,000 miles!	1
Due to the last few episodes containing spoilers for games not yet released in North America, Cartoon Network chose to restart the series at Episode #1 after only 21 episodes were broadcast, leaving the last five unaired.	0
Notable features include the Viaduc de Calix which spans the River Orne and Canal de Caen à la Mer.	0
The Boley procedure is a small modification of the Soave procedure, so the term "Soave-Boley" procedure is sometimes used.	0
Home games are held at de Uithof, a winter sports recreational facility in the west of the city.	0
The most commonly used letter in the alphabet is E	1
Homer’s favourite things to eat are hamburgers, hot-dogs, and of course, doughnuts.	1
Each leaf contains an average of around 1000 fibres.	0
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 3222 (total dwellings: 3474)	0
Living Colour broke up in 1995 but eventually reformed in 2000.	0
C 6 H 5 N(CH 3 ) 2 + (CH 3 O) 2 SO 2 → C 6 H 5 N(CH 3 ) 3 CH 3 OSO 3	0
For many years, the Lions played at the Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan.	0
Europeanism emphasises the view that societal divisions will occur in spite of attempts to ensure equal opportunity, and accepts the role of the state as an economic manager and as a guarantor of societal welfare.	0
He won a silver medal behind Phelps in the last head-to-head race of their careers, as Phelps retired after the Games.	0
In 1597, the Jews of Livorno received autonomous rights as a community, and they built a synagogue in 1603.	0
The 1776 New Jersey State Constitution was drafted in five days and ratified within the next two days to establish a temporary government, thereby preventing New Jersey from collapsing and descending into anarchy.	0
In animals, it is the most common cause of larva migrans.	0
Geiranger Church is the main church for the village and surrounding area.	0
When there isn’t much food, lemurs will simply hibernate for a while.	1
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Parallel to the slow development of common law duress, the courts of equity allowed escape from a contract if any form of undue influence was used against a contracting party.	0
Both adults incubate the eggs and feed the chicks.	0
He loves to play World of Warcraft.	1
His hair is naturally brown, but he dyes it.	1
There are many types of cheese; Bel Paese, Bresse Bleu, Brie, Caerphilly, Camembert, Cheddar, Chesire, Cottage Cheese, Cream Cheese, Danish Blue, Demi-Sel, Derby, Dunlop, Double Gloucester, Edam, Emmenthal, Gjestost, Gorgonzola, Gouda, GruyÃ¨re, Lancashire, Leicester, Mozzarella, Parmesan, Port Salut, Roquefort, Samsoe, St. Paulin, Stilton, Tome au Raisin, and Wensleydale.	1
The candidate and the surgeon will agree ahead of time on exactly which area(s) will be treated and both will discuss what outcome to expect	0
The seed should be set in warm water up to 2 inches deep; no more than that.	0
Roxy Rocket (The New Batman Adventures)	0
Slowpoke in Japanese is pronounced as Yadon.	1
North Pagai (Indonesian: Pagai Utara) is one of the Mentawai Islands off the west coast of Sumatra in Indonesia.	0
Bloomington is also the hometown of dark folk rockers Murder By Death.	0
The average family size was 3.06.	0
In Haig v. Canada (1993), it was ruled that since section 3 was designed in specific reference to electing representatives, the right could not include participation in a "device for the gathering of opinions".	0
Tristan has admitted he would like to date an older woman.	1
He died at Paris on 16 January 1834.	0
A child of the age of six years laughs about three times more than an adult.	1
Usually,pandas spend half of their day eating, and the other half sleeping!	1
The word 'testify' derived from a time when men were required to swear on their testicles	1
Katy nearly caused a ‘glitter war’ when she posted; using blasphemy is “cheap” on Twitter referring to Lady GaGa’s video ‘Alejendro’.	1
Treble output is available only via the F/AR.	0
Charolais bulls and females are admired for their muscling, correctness and size.	1
2005 TUI sells subsidiary VTG AG to Compagnie Européenne de Wagons.	0
The band also can be seen in the 1990s Riot-Grrrl Documentary, Not Bad For A Girl, as well as Rockstar (produced in 1996, not released commercially until 2004) and High Times&apos; Potluck (2002), two movies that featured lead singer Theo in lead roles.	0
MacDonald had six sons, and his descendants were noted gallowglass-warriors in Ireland.	0
Willi Hennig's pioneering work provoked a spirited debate about the relative merits of phylogenetic nomenclature versus Linnaean taxonomy, or the related approach of evolutionary taxonomy, which has continued down to the present.	0
It is designated to become a center of diverse international businesses, a hub for international trade, an area for knowledge-based technologies, and a place for eco-friendly urban living.	0
The Chicago River was referred to by the plant's indigenous name, according to explorer Robert Cavelier, sieur de La Salle, and by his comrade, the naturalist and diarist Henri Joutel.	0
Beaumont brought together several theories in his 1890, A History of Coggeshall, in Essex.	0
Călugăru's permutations were registered with skepticism by his Surrealist colleagues—notably Stephan Roll, who criticized Călugăru's positioning in a 1934 letter to their mentor Fondane.	0
Irrespective of STR coalescence calculations, Chikhi et al.	0
Chewbacca’s funeral took place on Kashyyyk.	1
Cecilia Hjortsberg, operatic soprano and member of The Nordic Singers	0
The southern section of the region resides on the Asahi Range.	0
Facebook causes you to overestimate how happy your friends are and, in turn, makes you more depressed.	1
Malcolm and Kareem just manage to get the nitroglycerin, but the can containing it leaks and it is exposed to the sun, killing both of them in the explosion.	0
March 14 is 'save a spider day'	1
A variety of projects have already received support from the International Alliance and several of them are currently under preparation.	0
A group of geese is called a gaggle	1
:**Z. litos Chassagnard and McEvey, 1992	0
Each one of Rick’s characteristic burps is a real burp.	1
When the commander of the Sydney garrison, Lieutenant-Colonel John Richardson, aligned his soldiers to the East Sydney Cricket Club, the Garrison Ground became known as the Civil and Military Ground.	0
In America, during 1659-81, Puritans banned Christmas with a fine of 5 shillings for each offense.	1
Three ASRock products were short-listed for the 2012 Taiwan Brand Award for the first time, and then became endorsed products of the External Trade Development Council when they were promoting the quality image of Taiwan brands globally.	0
Anna ni Issho Datta no ni 2006 by See-Saw	0
"Dr. Livingstone, I Presume" (Ray Thomas) - 2:58	0
He then goes on the run to Canada alone, leaving his family behind.	0
Zacatepec's motto is “Hacer Deporte es Hacer Patria” which means doing sports is to be a patriot.	0
Flaminio Scala, who had been a minor performer in the Gelosi published the scenarios of the commedia dell'arte around the start of the 17th century, really in an effort to legitimize the form—and ensure its legacy.	0
Miley has attempted numerous times to become a vegetarian, but cannot seem to fully commit.	1
Physics"In recognition of his many outstanding contributions and for continuing to use his prodigious talents on behalf of industry, government and academe to this day."	0
The 47 prefectures of Japan form Japan's first level of jurisdiction and administrative division.	0
NSCAA All-American (3): 2000, 2001, 2002	0
Tigers move both legs on the same side of the body simultaneously when they walk!	1
In 1985, Ferrone joined the Saturday Night Live house band.	0
In addition to being beautiful to see and hear, wind chimes have been practically used to warn sailors of shifts in weather patterns.	1
Before a restoration can be placed, all of the decay must be removed otherwise it will continue to progress underneath the filling.	0
In the Tudor and Victorian Era’s, Father Christmas wore a green suit.	1
After taking out the vampires trying to break into the classroom where the adults are, she runs into Sheila, who has been turned by Drusilla.	0
His full name is Daniel Wroughton Craig.	1
Sharks can sense a drop of blood from 4km (2.5miles) away	1
The Linux mascot ‘Tux’ is a penguin.	1
County Route&amp;nbsp;412 (Albany County, New York)	0
One in every four cranes in the entire world is in Dubai.	1
The scientific name of the red fox is Vulpes vulpes.	1
His father was Ion Câmpineanu (1798-1863), a participant in the Wallachian Revolution of 1848.	0
Oritsé was born on 27th November 1986.	1
April 22 – Richard Trevithick (born 1771), engineer and inventor.	0
The small indents in the bottom of frozen pizzas are there to prevent air bubbles forming inside the dough.	1
Visit the Queen Elizabeth II Botanic Park for a guided safari, and maybe you'll catch a glimpse of a few of these guys posing for your Instagram feed.	0
There are only four ingredients in Guinness – malted barley, hops, brewer’s yeast, and water.	1
Jerry’s car is inspired by the Wagon Queen Family Truckster from National Lampoon’s Vacation.	1
After the summer season in Paris, Nijinsky returned to St Petersburg for the new Russian season and there started to work on the choreography with the help of his sister Bronislava Nijinska who was herself a senior dancer, and who later choreographed her own ballets for Ballets Russes.	0
The song charted in the UK at No 2.	1
November 25 – Former Indianapolis Hoosiers pitcher Jack Glasscock, claiming that his pledge to the Players&apos; League does not constitute a binding contract, becomes the first defection from the Brotherhood when he signs with the New York Giants of the National League, thus becoming the first "double jumper" in major league history.	0
It is now dead and it may be seen stuffed in Mr. Rothschild's	0
12 February 201416.0 MP 1/2.3"28–224 mm8&times;4&times;DIGIC 4+2.7" 230,000SD, SDHC, SDXCNB-11L95 &times; 54 &times; 22127 g|	0
Her parents names are Gary Carmine Cuoco and Layne Ann Wingate.	1
For several months in 1969, the torrent of water rushing over American Falls, one of three waterfalls that makes up Niagara Falls, was reduced to almost nothing.	1
Loma Prieta, a screamo band from San Francisco, CA.	0
Germany has paid $61.8 Billion to Jewish victims, to this day the U.S. has not paid $1 to African Americans for 400 years of brutal slavery.	1
As of 2017, Emilie’s net worth is $12 million.	1
Then there is thermal equilibrium without thermodynamic equilibrium.	0
In 1993, they released a self-titled album on the General Records label.	0
She has said before that the voice she uses in The Big Bang Theory is based on her mother’s voice.	1
A male kangaroo's testicles are above its penis.	1
The design on the side or ankle of a sock is called a clock.	1
Digital video storage improved its quality.	0
Among generally recognized species, it is the second-largest species of ray, only surpassed by the giant oceanic manta ray (a currently unrecognized species from the Caribbean region also appears to be larger than the reef manta ray).	0
The contract was signed for 4 years until 2016.	0
The Curse of Capistrano, a serialised Zorro story re-published in novella form as The Mark of Zorro in 1920	0
The total water volume is 18.2 km³.	0
Wu Jingui (Jan 1, 2008–Sept 3, 2008)	0
He was awarded the Linnean Society of London's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958.	0
As a child she had a pet sheep and wanted some when she moved to her farm, but sadly there weren’t any available so she went with her close second choice of goats!	1
Twelve people have walked on the moon!	1
His full name is James Daniel McVey.	1
The program is routinely the highest-rated show of the three major U.S. 24-hour cable news television channels and began the trend toward more opinion-oriented prime-time cable news programming.	0
Penguins are only found in the southern hemisphere primarily in Antarctica (excluding zoos above the equator)	1
The largest arena in the greater Seattle area is the KeyArena.	0
Each digit is equipped with a claw, which the cougar sheathes while walking, but which it uses with deadly effectiveness when grasping its prey.	1
10% of all human beings ever born are alive at this very moment!	1
Queen originally started off life as Smile, comprising of Brian, Roger and bassist Tom Staffel who later had no part of Queen.	1
The historic racetrack reopened on November 28, 2009 but only for quarter horse races.	0
There’s a one in three chance that your first heart attack will be your last.	1
The traditional Italian way of cooking pasta is known as ‘al dente’.	1
The entire line was opened in 1904.	0
Burger King offer delivery in over 13 US states including Alabama, Virginia, Utah and Ohio.	1
In addition to high explosive and incendiary bombs the enemy would possibly use poison gas and even bacteriological warfare, all with a high degree of accuracy.	0
He was detained in Al Qadarif (which he calls "Teawa") by its governor Fidele, until a combination of cunning, diplomacy and a show of force by his friend the Ethiopian governor of Ras el Fils induced Fidele to release him.	0
He was previously a scout and administrator for the Portland Trail Blazers, and he is best known for his stint as general manager with the Orlando Magic.	0
On 11–12 December, the remainder of the original Sparrow Force—except for a few officers—was evacuated with Portuguese civilians, by the Dutch destroyer HNLMS Tjerk Hiddes.	0
2003-06-29WinYusuke FujimotoK-1 Beast II 2003Saitama, JapanKO (left hook)11:021–0	0
He combines the achievements of expressionism and animism with a superb technical treatment of light and with an intimate approach to the subject.	0
Spying on United Nations leaders by United States diplomats	0
The domain name www.YouTube.com was registered 14th February 2005.	1
Many editions are available, including Disney, Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead and many more.	1
In the games, Pikachu’s highest base stat is in Speed.	1
Agnes had children from her first and third marriage:	0
Community Informatics (CI) provides a somewhat different approach to addressing the digital divide by focusing on issues of "use" rather than simply "access".	0
Northern reindeer, such as the Peary caribou, have white fur, whilst the Southern types, such as Woodland caribou, have darker fur.	1
Other body changes included built in fender flares and tailgates.	0
Cemeteries include the Belvidere Cemetery (Richard S. Molony's interment site) and St. James Catholic Cemetery.	0
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Mpanda	0
The Heimatmuseum (local museum) is located in the oldest building of the town.	0
Bernard Williams was able to convince the receivers of TVR Cars Ltd. to allow access to the body moulds as well as some partially finished body shells, and several cars were completed in late 1963 and early in 1964.	0
After 1934, Verdinaso shifted its focus towards a Belgian identity circa 1939, becoming a bilingual (French-Dutch) party, believing that the Belgian state should be founded on Roman Catholic corporatism - an economic model interpreted by Verdinaso from the Catholic social teaching, and akin to Integralism and the Action Française (an influence on Van Severen).	0
While Boudica's army continued their assault in Verulamium (St. Albans), Suetonius regrouped his forces.	0
1940 - George Stibitz pioneers the first remote operation of a computer.	0
Barr is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in northeastern France.	0
In 2012, Jedward hosted a television show called Jedward’s Weird Wild World which shown popular internet videos.	1
Chewbacca first appears in Episode IV: A New Hope.	1
In 7 months, 2.4 million pounds of gold was transported from Mount Alexander to nearby capital cities.	0
On 11th December 2014, Puth left eleveneleven and signed on with Atlantic Records.	1
More people have allergies to Cow’s milk than any other food product!	1
2, 3) is exclusive for Chūō Main Line.	0
Once it is revealed Jack was suffering from appendicitis, Juliet operates on him.	0
Humans are genetically predisposed with a larger percentage of one type of muscle group over another.	0
the Regional-Express 14 "Der Borkener": Essen – Bottrop – Gladbeck West – Gladbeck-Zweckel – Dorsten – Borken,	0
After graduation, McMahon led the effort to raise funds for a theater to be named for Hartke, and attended its dedication in 1970 with Helen Hayes and Sidney Poitier.	0
In turn, the staff of the German Commander-in-Chief South (Oberbefehlshaber Süd), passed this on to the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW).	0
Already in 1950s the numbers of leopards were decreasing drastically in Arabia.	1
A few countries with significant Muslim populations, such as Russia and Thailand, sit as Observer States, while others, such as India and Ethiopia, are not members.	0
Bronze is still commonly used in ship propellers and submerged bearings.	0
The first album released by BTS was “Dark and Wild” which came out on August 19, 2014.	1
The Little Missouri River flows through all three units of the park.	0
‘White Eskimo’ performed at a wedding in June 2010.	1
In 2011, Jennifer Lawrence appeared in The Beaver with Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster and Anton Yelchin, and played Mystique in X-Men: First Class.	1
With Sister Helena's sudden death on 23 February 1775, Galvão became the new superior of the community, serving as the Recollects' new spiritual leader.	0
Paquin supports many charities such as the Make a Wish Foundation.	1
On 11 June 2014 Diouf signed a four-year contract with Stoke City beginning on 1 July 2014.	0
He has given his phone number to fans before.	1
White Castle, Ewuata - 5 Kilometres away on Nebbi Road.	0
One of Luke Hemmings’ nicknames when he was younger was Hemmo.	1
Use of the term ‘religious naturalism’ was initiated after Edward O. Wilson used it in his 1978 book On Human Nature.	0
She began her career as a child actress in the late 1980s in the film Pumpkinhead.	1
bar:1991 at: 8994 fontsize:S text: 8,994 shift:(-10,5)	0
"Boom Boom Pow" topped the Billboard Hot 100, making it the group's first U.S. number one single.	0
Food, pharmaceutical and clothing industry and located foremost in its towns and Šarišské Michaľany.	0
The municipality is located in the Oberengadin sub-district of the Maloja district along the Inn river and at the mouth of the Casanna pass.	0
For example, this can happen in the Adler variation after the move sequence 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e5 3.dxe5 Ng4 4.Nf3 Bc5 5.e3 Nc6 6.Be2 Ngxe5 7.Nxe5 Nxe5 8.a3 a5 9.0-0 0-0 10.Nc3 Ra6 11.b3 Rh6.	0
The band went on to become Pearl Jam, but at that time Eddie Vedder was far from comfortable on stage.	0
The book was the basis for two television movies of the same title.	0
The famous double G logo stands for Guccio Gucci.	1
:{13 \choose 1}{4 \choose 3}{12 \choose 2}{4 \choose 1}^2 = 54,912	0
In 1936 it was claimed in an anonymous letter that Party Judge Walter Buch, the father-in-law of Martin Bormann, was married to a half-Jew.	0
(2000): An Introduction to the Spiders of South East Asia.	0
‘Major Tom’ from the successful song Space Oddity became Bowie’s first alter-ego.	1
After studying for two years as a psychology major, she dropped out of Yale to focus on her film career.	0
They cannot exist without us and we cannot without them.	0
It functions to help laterally rotate femur with hip extension and abduct femur with hip flexion, as well as to steady the femoral head in the acetabulum.	0
(1956), a semi-autobiographical novel weaving a fascinating cultural, historical, and psychological tapestry of the first decade of the 20th century, reflected through the prism of the gifted, eccentric Aubrey family.	0
Macrodiremys is a monotypic genus recently split off from the rest of the Chelodina.	0
He also described what use he intended to make of the information he had accumulated.	0
Jay Z's "99 Problems" from 2003 was actually a remake of an Ice-T track from 1993, also called "99 Problems".	1
Lauper said she wanted to do it because she liked the idea "of a woman driving, of a woman in control."	0
He died in Würzburg on the 7 January 1809.	0
Crocodiles swallow rocks to help them dive deeper	1
with Sagamore Stévenin, Danièle Lebrun, Didier Bezace	0
Treatment of wood packaging requires a concentration of up to 16,000 ppm.	0
The collaboration between Matt Bonner, the San Antonio Spurs’ redheaded power forward, and Adidas first started after Bonner complained publicly on Twitter about rival sneaker brand New Balance not sending him product anymore.	1
When hackmanite from Mont Saint-Hilaire (Quebec) or Ilímaussaq (Greenland) is freshly quarried, it is generally pale to deep violet but the colour fades quickly to greyish or greenish white.	0
The Arch of Drusus is an ancient arch in Rome, Italy, close to the First Mile of the Appian Way and next to the Porta San Sebastiano.	0
She was a daughter of Robert Guiscard, but after discovering he could not manage her either he repudiated her, was promptly excommunicated by Pope Urban and died childless.	0
Santa Gertrudis cattle are known the world over for their ability to adapt to harsh climates.	1
Yet some details concerning Kravchenko's last days remain questionable, and his son Andrew believes he could have been a victim of a KGB assassination.	0
The love of robin’s in the U.K. is not something shared around the world, with many nations shooting their robins for a range of reasons including food and sport.	1
It was and is also worn on the road against other teams that like to wear white at home for games occurring early in a particular season.	0
Liam is the clumsy member of One Direction.	1
In June 2010, XCMG agreed to sell its remaining 15.87 per cent stake in Caterpillar Xuzhou Ltd. to Caterpillar.	0
The theme of the story foreshadowed his lifelong fascination with cats, which resurfaced with his self-portrait as The King of Cats (1935).	0
The remaining are not considered valid subspecies.	0
The coin was struck in 1966 as a 100-złotych silver commemorative coin for the millennium of Polish statehood	0
In recent years there have been many popular television series made about the FLDS, including Breaking the Faith and Escaping the Prophet.	1
as well as with the other districts of the province: Sillapata, Pachas, Yanas, Marias, etc.	0
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,979 people, 797 households, and 540 families residing in the city.	0
One of the first sections of the AEK athletic club was cycling.	0
Head to The Pilot House at Sebasco Harbor Resort for a very good meal and to say hi to Fred the Seagull.	0
Calder Memorial Trophy:Sergei Makarov, Calgary Flames	0
Recent meta-analyses suggest 1.4 to 3.0 fold increased risk of cancer for those with the shortest vs. longest telomeres.	0
Garages and a few small factories (now motor manufacturer garages and offices) cropped up by the 1950s and remain along the A30 London Road, including Del Monte, Ford and Suzuki.	0
The stadium, which located in the southern part of Boa Vista, has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.	0
Your body gets paralysed while you dream!	1
Thornton's first screen role was in 1980's South of Reno, where he played a small role as a counter man in a restaurant.	0
This language is being used in all countries so that you would be able to get on it abroad now."	0
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear	1
Dänikon has an area of .	0
One main resurgence of the system, Wakulla Springs, is explored exclusively by a very successful and pioneering project called the Woodville Karst Plain Project (WKPP), although other individuals and groups like the US Deep Cave Diving Team, have explored portions of Wakulla Springs in the past.	0
The company indicated that development had been delayed due to lack of investment and that the first flight of a production aircraft would not occur in 2014.	0
Hungary became a member of NATO on 12 March 1999.	0
During three years of tracking, she used a home range of 161.7 km2 (62.4 sq mi) with a core area of 23.3 km2 (9.0 sq mi).	0
On screen, he was Mansfield's male lead in her Italian ventures—The Loves of Hercules and L&apos;Amore Primitivo, and a major supporting character in Promises!	0
The most powerful relationship for a cow is that between a mother and baby.	1
When a whale slaps its fluke (tail) against the water, this is to scare smaller fish, as it forages for food.	1
Aston has one sister and five brothers.	1
The club will play the 2013/14 season using the Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Stadium for their home games.	0
image:Balthasar de Monconys, 1665.png|Balthasar de Monconys, Journal des voyages (1665)	0
Chilton's involvement with Zytek continued, subject to funding and availability; Tom and his brother Max drove the car at the Silverstone 1000 km in September 2007.	0
When a dairy cow gives birth, this process is called a freshening.	0
Ijuí has a variable daily population of approximately 100,000 people, being an important regional centre.	0
Whilst recording the Unplugged EP, all the members of 5SOS were sick, but they didn’t let that stop them!	1
The council elects the mayor and vice-mayor for a term of one year.	0
If you blended all of the images on the internet together, the result would be orange/bronze coloured.	1
but they do happen, and these infections are largely responsible for the 3% mortality rate associated with cladribine therapy in HCL.	0
It is also possible nowadays to build CNC chucks in which the position and clamping pressure of each jaw can be precisely controlled with CNC, via closed-loop positioning and load monitoring.	0
Halley’s Comet appears about every 76 years!	1
In spite of the poet's ingenuity and industry the stately main theme evinced less spontaneity of genius than the romantic episodes with which he adorned it, as he had done in Rinaldo.	0
Snapchat lost $1.3 billion in value the day after Kylie Jenner tweeted: "Sooo does anyone else not open Snapchat anymore?"	1
Based on the 2011 census, Birmingham's population is projected to reach 1,160,100 by 2021, an increase of 8.0%.	0
Shifu decides that Po is ready to receive the Dragon Scroll, but the scroll reveals nothing but a blank, reflective surface.	0
Trump’s family fortune began when his grandfather Frederick Trump pulled in a fortune by operating restaurants and boarding houses in the boom towns of Seattle and Klondike, Canada.	1
Sonic’s favourite food is chili dogs.	1
Camille Claudel (1988) was a dramatization of her life based largely on historical records.	0
For these reasons it may be necessary to perform DNA analysis to determine positively whether a scat is that of a cougar or another animal.	0
Located in Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, Shizuoka Prefecture, S-Pulse currently competes in the J.	0
Najaden 44 – sailed to Britain, added to Royal Navy as Nyaden 36	0
More than 100 Native American bark canoes gathered around Le Griffon to look at the "big wood canoe".	0
Written and sung by bassist Kim Deal, the song was released exclusively through the iTunes Store on June 15, 2004.	0
The Banker horse is a breed of feral horse (Equus ferus caballus) living on the islands of North Carolina's Outer Banks.	0
Gmina Osiek is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	0
The Doctor and his companion, Clara (Jenna-Louise Coleman) visit The Doctor's grave on a planet called Trenzalore.	0
Loughton is also home to the National Jazz Archive (see below), which hosts occasional jazz performances.	0
In parapsychology, people with purple auras are said to have a love of ritual and ceremony.	0
The general theory provides the law of gravitation, and its relation to other forces of nature.	0
Herefords will stand out in the arctic snows of Finland, endure the heat of Northern Transvaal, withstand the tough climate and rough grazing of northern Uruguay or the sub-tropical zones of Brazil and continue to thrive.	0
His sister Frankie Essex and cousin Chloe Sims also star in the show.	1
website with information and current US events.	0
Giuseppe Maria Terzi (17 February 1777 - 27 October 1803)	0
New Democratic PartyEnglish: A Positive Choice.	0
Their only known habitats were sunken wood and hydrothermal vents.	0
His favourite animal is a monkey, he even owns a monkey onesie!	1
25 June is also his father's birthday.	0
The report refers to a meal that three days before had gathered together a selected group of Catalan artists and intellectuals, including Santiago Rusiñol, Miquel Utrillo and Gaietà Buigas.	0
In the 1950s, the entire complex was completely rebuilt again with new concrete joints replacing the old wooden ones while new barred windows and a detached spiral staircase were added.	0
Imitation books followed such as Bared to You by Sylvia Day.	1
The Radio Hat was sold in department stores and by mail order.	0
The Beau Brummels broke into the mainstream with their debut single, "Laugh, Laugh," for which they would later be credited for setting one of the aesthetic foundations for the San Francisco Sound, along with other bands such as The Charlatans; the song is in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame list, "The 660 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll".	0
The word Christmas comes from the old English meaning Christ’s mass (Cristes maesse).	1
One of P!nk’s albums was called ‘Missundaztood’ because she thought everyone had the wrong image of her.	1
You can gain a lot of information about a man by the way he treats his mother, and by the way he carries himself in her presence.	1
The first Google Doodle was about the Burning Man festival attended by Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998.Google’s office is known as GooglePlex.	1
The first character (筷) is a semantic-phonetic compound with a phonetic part meaning "quick" (快), and a semantic part meaning "bamboo" (竹).	0
It was the 6th event in the 2010 UCI ProTour, and the 13th event in the World Calendar.	0
People who don't like the sound of others chewing tend to be more creative than average.	1
James also has a pet guinea pig.	1
His plays are performed more often than any other playwright.	1
His father abandoned the family, leaving his wife, adopted son David and young Stephen behind.	1
The rafflesia is a parasitic plant that digs invisibly into a host vine that is a member of the grape family.	0
That you burn more calories eating celery than it contains (the more you eat the thinner you become)	1
His full name is Stephen Edwin King.	1
From the , 19 or 14.4% were Roman Catholic, while 85 or 64.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church.	0
The final report said no trace of an object was found.	0
| 50 || 29 || 24.7 || .439 || .311 || .739 || 3.6 || 3.1 || 1.1 || .5 || 10.5 || 11.6	0
His favourite song is Live It Up by Tulisa.	1
In the village the population was spread out with 20.5% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older.	0
Local (County, City and Town) Elections	0
He died at Adelaide on 11 June 1897.	0
Bitches live in underground dens for the spring so they are able to birth and feed their blind and deaf pups.	1
Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. as Captain Stacy	0
When ANNM detonates, the primary byproducts produced are H 2 O, CO 2 and N 2 , but NO x and other toxic gases are inevitably formed because of a negative oxygen balance.	0
“Strategic incompetence” is the art of avoiding certain tasks by pretending you don’t know how to do them.	1
Points Awarded to Ukraine (Semi-Final 2)	0
The group aims to inject pride and knowledge into those who live in the gang infested poverty ridden neighborhoods, but at the same time wants to open the minds of the ones on the outside who look down upon them.	0
James L. Garrett, Review of Encyclopedic Handbook of Cults in America, Southwestern Journal of Theology, 33 (1990): 69.	0
Slip forming (construction method in which concrete is poured into a continuously moving form)	0
Also in 1997, Rossellini was awarded The George Eastman Award.	0
A male swan is called a cob, and a female swan is called a pen.	1
He was born in Vivar del Cid, a town near the city of Burgos.	0
At the 1896 event, silver was awarded to winners and bronze to runners-up, while at 1900 other prizes were given, not medals.	0
After winning the UCI Motor-paced World Championships in 1962 and 1963 in the amateurs category he turned professional and won another three medals in 1965–1967, including one gold.	0
cold, recommencing its activity as the weather begins to moderate in March or	0
Among the more creative uses for toilet paper was as a camouflage for tanks during Operation Desert Storm.	1
The Los Angeles Times described it as "marvellous fun".	0
Drive (Scottsdale, AZ: Poisoned Pen Press, 2005)	0
On average people consume two pancakes per person on Shrove Tuesday.	1
In the 1896 games Soccer was to be played but there were no teams to play the event.	1
The hummingbird genus Aglaiocercus which includes:	0
Located in the American zone of the post-war Allied occupation, Karlsruhe was home to an American military base, established in 1945.	0
The concert was broadcast live on BBC Radio 3 and deferred live on BBC Four TV.	0
In 1991, the Legislature combined the State Department of Highways and Public Transportation, the Department of Aviation and the Texas Motor Vehicle Commission to create the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	0
In July 2011, during an interview with DJ Semtex, Ghostface Killah said that the album would be released in February 2012, saying: "Right now, I'm doing this Wu-Block project me and D-Block.	0
Having run first on the road on the first day, Loeb trailed Jari-Matti Latvala by 90 seconds after day one, but six stage victories over the final two days helped to recover some of the lost time and ultimately took the rally victory on the final stage.	0
He ran in the 200 m at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin, but he was eliminated in the first heats stage (although his time of 21.38 was a season's best).	0
Mortimer had to enlist help to break open the locked door and found Crosby and Josephine's bodies.	0
This was the first multi-platform release, supporting the IBM PC compatible, HP 9000 Series 300, Amiga, 68k Macintosh, Sun-4c series and PC532.	0
Exchange A9-A77 Junction with the A19 autoroute (7/2009)	0
Even though they sometimes have arguments, Bibi and Marita remain close friends.	0
Savanna, both halves of this comic pair	0
It has extensive heath vegetation and thick scrub which supports a very high number of plant species and also bird species that utilise this habitat.	0
It has also been used to treat nocturnal enuresis because of its ability to decrease the delta wave stage of sleep where this occurs.	0
Four cows in Stearns county Minnesota were picked up by a tornado and set down unharmed.	1
Madison believed that Britain was weak and the United States was strong, and that a trade war with Britain, although risking a real war by the British government, probably would succeed, and would allow Americans to assert their independence fully.	0
A Symonds bull used for breeding beef cattle.	0
Joseph Whitworth introduces the British Standard Whitworth system of screw threads in his paper On a Uniform System of Screw Threads.	0
Dr. 90210 gets its name from the zip code of the core of Beverly Hills, familiar to most viewers because of the former popular television series Beverly Hills, 90210.	0
Also, due to their first full-length record being a collection of previous releases, many fans also consider this to in fact be their sixth studio album, and thus 666 is also partly in reference to this.	0
Of the 24 participating teams, only two were relegated, Paysandu and União São João.	0
They can swim for long distances.	1
[8] The black and red coat colours are caused by the same alleles of the MC1R gene, ED for black and e/e for red, as in most other breeds of cattle.	0
1899 the center of Phichai was moved to this new location, which was renamed to Uttaradit in 1915.	0
As of 2012, Mariner 10 and MESSENGER are the only two spacecraft to ever have visited the planet Mercury.	1
Crosne, Essonne, a commune in Essonne, France	0
Pink champagne is made by mixing 88% champagne with 12% red wine.	1
Gugin also concludes that Minton had the strongest commitment to judicial restraint and ideological neutrality of any justice, past or present.	0
Edwards Full name is Edward Peter Anthony Kevin Patrick Grimes.	1
He can never pass his driving test no matter how many times he tries!	1
Meghan Trainor has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.	1
Belgian churches include St Catherine's in Zuurbemde, St Martin's in Kortrijk, St Peter's and St James's in Leuven, and St Leonard's in Zoutleeuw.	0
Also, the foursome went to Madrid to perform on the international Red Bull X-Fighters tournament.	0
Several other black American players joined the International League the following season, including pitchers George Stovey and Robert Higgins, but 1888 was the last season blacks were permitted in that or any other high minor league.	0
The soldiers were stated to be raping, looting, and were poorly fed, trained, paid and medicated; 11 soldiers were sentenced to life in prison for raping and looting while retreating from rebel forces.	0
here, preying on plentiful deer and playing an important role in the ecosystem.	0
Like many of the director's works, the film does not follow the narrative arc of conventional cinema, with an introduction, conflict and resolution.	0
If two ginger cats have kittens, all of the kittens will all be ginger too.	1
One type would be the tall, flat sided bull which has a slack back and a poor hindquarter.	1
The hyoid bone and the clavicle are the only bones located in the throat of mammals.	0
Angered by what he saw as sedition by the Catalans and Valencians and taking his native France as a model of a centralized state, Philip V suppressed the institutions, privileges, and the ancient charters (Spanish: fueros, Catalan: furs) of almost all the areas that were formerly part of the Crown of Aragon (Aragon, Catalonia, Valencia, and the Balearic Islands).	0
The Undead is a 1957 horror film directed by Roger Corman starring Pamela Duncan, Richard Garland, Allison Hayes, and Val Dufour.	0
The Lotus fruits are a conical pod with seeds contained in holes in the pod.	1
California contains the most diverse environment in the world – it varies from hot desert to subarctic depending on latitude and elevation.	1
A “Mormon” is the name given to a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Often just abbreviated to just the LDS Church).	1
Eszterhas, however, maintains that the humor was intentional: "What Paul and I had in mind was something darkly funny.	0
Your dead skin accounts for most of your house dust!	1
Nez stated the developers used everyday words, in order to easily memorize and retain them.	0
He was once the state welterweight boxing champ.	1
Puck (Glee), from the musical comedy-drama Glee	0
His brother is called Ashley, his Twitter is @AshHamblett.	1
Recorded at the Carriage House, Stamford, CT; The Spot, Sacramento, CA; The Airport, Burbank, CA; The Hangar, Sacramento, CA; Morning View House, Malibu, CA	0
The rainfall from Hurricane Harvey weighed 127bn metric tonnes (140bn US tons).	1
Every second tune is by an English or German composer of unquestioned musical ability, and will be found adapted either to chorus-choir, or advanced congregational singing.	0
Suze ( ) is a French brand of bitters flavoured with the roots of the plant gentian, normally drunk as an apéritif.	0
1961 - Apollo program: The U.S. President John F. Kennedy announces before a special joint session of the Congress his goal to initiate a project to put a "man on the Moon" before the end of the decade.	0
You're not afraid to fall in love, you're just afraid of falling for the wrong person.	1
Rapper Snoop Dogg, himself a former Crip, recited a poem to mourners about the execution:	0
Video composed of such frames is called progressive scan video.	0
It stimulates the acinar cells of the pancreas to release digestive enzymes and stimulates the secretion of a juice rich in pancreatic digestive enzymes, hence the old name pancreozymin.	0
The Nepali Congress with support of "Alliance of leftist parties" decided to launch a decisive agitational movement, Jana Andolan, which forced the monarchy to accept constitutional reforms and to establish a multiparty parliament.	0
His favourite album of all time ever is Take Off Your Pants and Jacket by Blink-182.	1
AsianNews discuss the recent closure of a newspaper in Iran and the wider controls which place limits on the freedom of the press.	0
All types of cats - from domestic cats to lions - can't taste sweetness.	1
Fans of Katy began throwing chapsticks at her when she was performing “I kissed a girl” on stage because of the lyrics “tastes of her cherry chapstick”.	1
The temple was featured in the 5th leg of The Amazing Race 22.	0
Artin Elmayan, 95 years old, from Argentina, is the world’s oldest professionally ranked tennis player!	1
There is a legend which claims that St Laurence O’Toole used the “bed” as he frequently made penitential visits to Glendalough, especially during the season of Lent.	0
In a more blatant example, Fretter Appliance stores claimed "I’ll give you five pounds of coffee if I can’t beat your best deal".	0
Helen Hunt - The Sessions (Runner-up)	0
Eugene Fischer built a windmill on the site in 1929 and opened a restaurant there.	0
His full name is Aaron Braden Carpenter.	1
TennisDenver (RS & P)Denver (RS) San Jose State (P)	0
Columbia and Enterprise were the only two shuttle orbiters fitted with ejection seats.	0
2007 deployment exercises and port visits	0
Adele came in sixth on Forbes’ list of highest paid celebrities under the age of 30 in 2012.	1
A popular biography that is still read and quoted.	0
Neil came out as openly gay on November 4th, 2006 by saying, “I am happy to dispel any rumors or misconceptions and am quite proud to say that I am a very content gay man living my life to the fullest and feel most fortunate to be working with wonderful people in the business I love.”	1
There's a restaurant in Japan using monkeys as waiters.	1
In New Zealand, visitors can find a building which is in the shape of a dog – the perfect sight for dog lovers!	1
Areas with soils composed principally of sand or schist were spared, and the spread was slowed in dry climates, but gradually the aphid spread across the continent.	0
Therefore Iranians gave him the title of "The Painter".	0
Volume 3, 290 pages, March 1982	0
Although interestingly enough, it is the day of the week that has the second-highest chance of having a Christmas on it, with the first being Thursday.	1
At 9 years old, Jade joined Performers’ Stage School in South Shields.	1
Calum dropped out of high school.	1
Mayim is well-known for her character Amy Farrah Fowler on The Big Bang Theory.	1
So the story covers the entire lives of the main characters.	0
80% of the meat (and machinery) that makes doner kebabs in Europe comes from Germany.	1
The film, less than one minute in length (10 meters of 35mm film), shows a Danish colony manager named Johan Carl Joensen driving a sledge pulled by Greenlandic sled dogs through Fælledparken in Copenhagen, Denmark.	0
In Medieval Britain, there was an actual job for young boys called a “bird scarer” who wandered the fields with bags of stones to throw at the birds.	1
The original mix of Red Bull was sweeter than the European version.	1
Sinularia platyloba van Ofwegen & Benayahu, 1992	0
Scotland in the Late Middle Ages (1286–1513)	0
November 21, 1989, rape, 15-year-old whom he saw in a bus shelter.	0
Naruto - SIC and SIC K	0
Rasoherina married her Prime Minister, Rainivoninahitriniony, but public outcry against his involvement in the murder of Radama II soon forced his resignation and exile to Betsileo country south of Imerina.	0
He was born on 18th December, in 1963.	1
Goats were the first animals domesticated by man in 10,000 B.C.	1
The lotus flower is deeply imbibed with symbolism of Indian philosophy.	0
The 3-disc set also featured three half-hour television specials, "Paddington Birthday Bonanza", "Paddington Goes To School" and "Paddington Goes to the Movies" along with 15 bonus episodes of The Wombles and Huxley Pig.	0
Birju Maharaj, Kavita Krishnamurthy & Madhuri Dixit	0
The Gippsland League Football competition is the largest league in the region and one of the largest and highest standard football leagues in Victoria outside of Melbourne.	0
David Jones (rugby league), rugby league footballer of the 1960s	0
The lotus-eaters in Homer’s Odyssey was not eaters of the lotus found in Asia but rather consumed a prickly shrub with a sweet, mealy fruit found in the Mediterranean.	0
He translated various Greek medical works into Syriac.	0
The Official currency in France is the Euro.	1
Ambiguity between a JDK and an SDK	0
Ancient tombs with fragments of vases and terracottas have also been found, of which there is a collection at the Museo Archeologico Statale di Altamura.	0
The trio consists of Olly Alexander, Mikey Goldsworthy and Emre Türkmen.	1
A common misconception about DesktopBSD is that it is intended as a rival to PC-BSD as a BSD-based desktop distribution, since they are similar in structure and goals.	0
Jorge Garcia, famous for his role in the television show Lost was born on 28th April 1973.	1
Between 1931 and 1969 Walt Disney was awarded 35 Oscars	1
Given that these borrowings do not undergo sound changes characteristic of the development of Armenian from Proto-Indo-European, he dates their borrowing to a time before the written record but after the Proto-Armenian language stage.	0
The most decorated UDR soldier was Corporal Eric Glass of 4 UDR who received both the and for bravery.	0
If the Speaker's party loses control of the House in an election, and if the Speaker and Majority Leader both remain in the leadership hierarchy, they would become the Minority Leader and Minority Whip, respectively.	0
At age 15, Cristiano Ronaldo was diagnosed with a heart condition that required surgery, he was briefly sidelined and made a full recovery.	1
One target they wish to pull a prank on is a boy with a deformed face who Theodore befriends.	0
This breed has been used in creating several hybrid beef breeds such as Beefmaster, Brahmousin, Brangus, Simbrah, and Brahford.	0
Sugar is the only taste that humans are born craving.	1
Cher had her first kiss at the age of 14.	1
For example, in queueing theory, if we are comparing two different configurations of tellers in a bank, we would want the (random) time of arrival of the Nth customer to be generated using the same draw from a random number stream for both configurations.	0
Their debut single ‘All Time Low’ was number one in the charts for a week.	1
Chile has to a certain extent preferred to pursue bilateral agreements with trading partners, and there have been calls from Uruguayan politicians for this example to be followed.	0
It also voted to hold a referendum on greater autonomy on 25 May.	0
The lotus leaves are used to wrapping other food items and it helps preserve their freshness.	0
Barney Kessel / Swinging Easy (1968, Black Lion)	0
She lays 10–25 or more eggs in one or more clutches.	0
The party was set up under Danish law on 7 November 2005 and founded as a European Party in Brussels on 8 November 2005.	0
In Germany Ougenweide, originally formed in 1970 as an acoustic folk group, opted to draw exclusively on High German medieval music when they electrified, setting the agenda for future German electric folk.	0
Throughout his Juventus career Ferrara played an important role in Juventus' backline, with his vast experienced and dominating defensive style.	0
At 15 inches, the eyes of giant squids are the largest on the planet!	1
He originally planned to study cinematography and filmmaking, but ended up getting a degree in theater arts and graduating in 1974.	0
Researchers at the University of California, Riverside have concluded that kinder children are more popular.	1
The original city plans for Tapiola were made by Otto-Iivari Meurman.	0
Indicazione geografica tipica is the second of four classifications of wine recognized by the government of Italy.	0
24 is the atomic number for the chemical Chromium, a hard silvery grey metal.	1
His first job was a dishwasher in a seafood restaurant.	1
By contrast the Poles were speedy, making every day's delay a liability to the Soviets.	0
Cher went to Dyson Perrins High School, where she studied performing arts.	1
The world's first gold vending machine was inaugurated in 2010 and is situated in the lobby of the Emirates Palace Hotel in Abu Dhabi.	1
Often used in fluorescence microscopy for DNA staining, Hoechst stains appear yellow when dissolved in aqueous solutions and emit blue light under UV excitation.	0
Such stations were usually offered to advertisers as "supplemental stations" on both the Red and Blue Network line-ups.	0
An interview with Simon Singh for the Guardian, in which Borcherds suggested he might have some traits associated with Asperger syndrome, subsequently led to a chapter about him in a book on autism by Simon Baron-Cohen.	0
Walt Disney used it as inspiration for the castle in his animated film Sleeping Beauty.	0
US Postal Service post office boxes located within one of the local post offices are only available in a limited capacity from Kea au, Pāhoa, Kurtistown, Mountain View, and Volcano.	0
The first series became available for streaming on Netflix on 12 September 2013.	0
The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries!	1
However, the following month, in January, he signed a deal with EC Salzburg through the end of the EBHL season, including an NHL-out clause that lasted until the NHL trade deadline, which occurred on February 27.	0
Zaitian then became known as the Guangxu Emperor.	0
This root used to produce all the color relating to pink shade.	1
Google has the world’s largest network of translators, enabling users to translate 345 different languages into each other.	1
Cape Town, South Africa: Struik Publishers.	0
The Kinross and West Perthshire by-election caused by the death of Gilmour Leburn enables incumbent Prime Minister Sir Alec Douglas-Home to return to the House of Commons when he wins the seat with a majority of 9,328.	0
He suggests that DNA is insufficient to explain inheritance, and that inheritance of form and behaviour is mediated through morphic resonance.	0
A number of operational improvements have also been made to enhance accessibility for the handicapped.	0
Derek Sanders – Lead vocals, piano, acoustic guitar (2005–present)	0
He died on November 3, 1403 and was buried in the St.-Mary monastery church at Tongeren.	0
details at Globetrotter games, including photos	0
As well as playing the drums, Ashton can also play the guitar, piano and saxophone.	1
When Chris was younger, he was involved in his church’s choir.	1
Lanham Lyne — Mayor of Wichita Falls, Texas, 2005-2010; State Representative, District 69, 2011-2013	0
Tentacool is weak against Ground, Electric and Psychic type moves.	1
Blackfire possesses superhuman strength, as well as the ability to generate bright lavender-colored starbolts from her hands that are quite powerful and destructive.	0
According to her description, Melanie is a rather petite and delicate young woman with the height and weight of a child.	0
Tokyopop licensed Paradise Kiss for an English-language release in North America and serialized it in its manga magazine Smile.	0
The Lightning Strike & Electric Shock Survivors International organisation has almost 2000 members.	1
She became a face of CoverGirl in 1997 before starting an acting career.	0
He then leads an expedition to destroy the base of the head of Boskonian drug trafficking in the first galaxy using a negasphere and then, traveling to the Boskonian home ground in the second galaxy, to destroy their fleet and then the Eich's home base using a planet cracker, a pair of high velocity planets released to crush the planet of the Eich between them.	0
1997: U2 – Pop (Producer, Keyboards, Mixing)	0
Of the rest of the population, 0% were Muslim, 0.9% belonged to another religion (not listed), 2.1% did not give a religion, and 12.6% were atheist or agnostic.	0
Jaden Smith’s middle names are Christopher and Syre.	1
Only 2% of people in India define themselves as atheists.	1
His many film appearances include Six Pack, , and Sideout & Into the Sun (1992).	0
Gordon Brown has publicly criticized Jedward’s singing on TV, but now insists they are “very good”.	1
Buffy watches as a coworker, Gary, waits on a woman wearing a wig who is a regular at the Palace.	0
The prototype was based on an IKEA table with a hole cut in the top and a sheet of architect vellum used as a diffuser.	0
People who post their fitness routine to Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.	1
Super Giant Slalom: Lindsey Vonn 1:10.68 Fabienne Suter 1:11.05 Anna Fenninger 1:11.09	0
The action is taking place in the background, behind bars and is blurred.	0
The saxophone was invented and named after the Belgian instrument maker Adolphe Sax in 1846.	1
Between the years 1895 to 1905, the brothers directed at least 25 to 30 short movies.	0
Type locality: Beas River Basin, Punjab, India.	0
The first version of this console was released at a price of $199.99	1
These two populations are separated by the Sierra de Bahoruco (Massif de la Selle in Haiti), with three peaks exceeding that form an extensive ecological barrier.	0
He served in that role between 2003 and 2009.	0
Paras and its evolved form are the only Pokémon to have a 5x weakness due to the Ability Dry Skin.	1
IGN also gave Terriers their award for "Best New Series of 2010."	0
The Red Army now opted 'hugging' tactics, (keeping the front lines as close to the Axis forces as possible), thereby rendering tanks, aircraft, and artillery largely redundant, and placing the entire responsibility on the infantry.	0
Sandrilene fa Toren, character from Tamora Pierce's quartets.	0
In the meantime, Cherry 02 arrived with the A-1 force, dropped two more napalm ground markers, and created other diversions to disguise the target area by dropping MK-6 log flares and battle simulators at road intersections that North Vietnamese reaction forces might be expected to use.	0
The name Thursday is derived from the Old English Þūnresdægand the Middle English Thuresday (with loss of -n-, first in northern dialects, from influence of Old Norse Þorsdagr) meaning ‘Thor’s Day,” after the Norse God of Thunder and son of Odin, Thor.	1
The Engine Room also has a range of drinks promotions available to students and during the day plays venue to numerous societies.	0
Siva is half-Irish and half-Sri Lankan.	1
The genus includes over 500 species and several subspecies, distributed across the temperate and subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere, with the highest diversity in the Mediterranean region east to the Caucasus.	0
Uncle Scrooge (Dec.) — Dell Comics	0
The Dark Iron dwarves are a malevolent clan, hostile to both the Alliance and the Horde.	0
Likewise, the printed word saw much more attention given to Scott–a forty-page booklet on Shackleton, published in 1943 by OUP as part of a "Great Exploits" series, is described by cultural historian Stephanie Barczewski as "a lone example of a popular literary treatment of Shackleton in a sea of similar treatments of Scott".	0
It is the home of FC Dynamo Kyiv and a major alternative stadium for the Ukrainian national football team that often plays its exhibition games.	0
The process by which bread toasts is called the “Maillard Reaction”.	1
Read Vietnamese: A graded course in written Vietnamese.	0
Then it is tempered to a moisture content, toughening the seed coat for efficient separation of bran and endosperm.	0
Zadkine was born as Yossel Aronovich Tsadkin ( ) in a Jewish family in Vitebsk (now Belarus, then part of the Russian Empire).	0
In particular, the development of the canal would increase the accessibility to cultural assets that are far to reach, and hence more efficient management of those assets would be possible.	0
Second Channel is a Georgian television channel owned and operated by Georgian Public Broadcaster.	0
"100 Years: The Movie You Will Never See," starring John Malkovich and directed by Robert Rodriguez, won't be in theaters until 2115.	1
^ Roosevelt, Theodore (1914).	0
She has a Masters degree in education, and became a teacher and reading specialist in L.A.	1
Its location was moved in 1874, 1891 (when it was placed in the City's General Post Office) and 1934.	0
But the war was to continue for six more years (until 1783) given the unconventional warfare at the time.	0
2007 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team	0
The American rock band Pearl Jam released a cover of "Love, Reign o'er Me" for the 2007 film, Reign Over Me, which took its name from The Who's song.	0
Homer’s favourite word (and the shows best catchphrase) is DOH!	1
The Great Wall of China is approximately 6,430 Km long (3,995 miles)	1
Many structural labs exist to test these structural scale models such as the Newmark Civil Engineering Laboratory at the University of Illinois, UC.	0
His ‘best buddy’ is an adopted dog, Brian.	1
Holland formed a quintet that includes tenor saxophonist Chris Potter, trombonist Robin Eubanks and, a more recent addition, drummer Nate Smith.	0
American scientists discovered that the cheetah loves the smell of Calvin Klein‘s “Obsession for Men”, after a range of scents were tested in an attempt to attract the felines to camera equipment.	1
In 1932, Clark led the National Football League in scoring with 55 points.	0
Musician Tommy Lee set a Guinness World Record when he became the first man to be tattooed mid-air (on a plane) in 2007.	1
The 2010 Madeira floods and mudslides were the result of an extreme weather event that affected Madeira Island in Portugal's autonomous Madeira archipelago on 20 February 2010.	0
The color pink is actually symbolised for joy and happiness.	1
Norm Cash would single, but that would be it as Tony Taylor would fly to center for the final out.	0
Plus System - This Is How We Do it - 5:22	0
The dunes were dug out and transformed into fields for the cultivation of bulb flowers.	0
3, Planet Earth was awarded 2nd Prize in the 2006 edition of the Corciano Competition.	0
After the summer break 2009, Almebäck was nominated to the award "Newcomer of the Year" in Swedish football.	0
1990 : Le Lyonnais (1 episode "Taggers)	0
The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne (1 volume), 1789, gothic novel.	0
The coins of William III's reign weighed 8.4 g with an average gold purity of 0.9123.	0
Benjamin LaFarge (1933- ) m. 1st Susan Seidner, m. 2nd Elizabeth ?	0
David has an older brother, Jacob, Jr..	0
BMW recalled its GPS systems with female voices in Germany because male drivers were not willing to take directions from a female voice.	1
Molecular biology is the branch of biology that deals with the molecular basis of biological activity.	0
She received the Harry Glickman Professional Female Athlete of the Year award at the 60th annual Oregon Sports Awards held on February 12, 2012.	0
P!nk was born in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, US.	1
The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (English literally Frankfurt General Newspaper), short F.A.Z., also known as the FAZ, is a national centre-right wing German newspaper, founded in 1949.	0
Did you know that there are also black leopards?	0
In most of the languages spoken in India, the word for Thursday is “Guruvara,” with vara meaning “day” and “guru” being the style for Brhaspati, who is guru to the gods and a regent of the planet Jupiter.	1
Theodore von Eltz as Gerald Mockby	0
Calum doesn’t like salt &amp; vinegar on his chips.	1
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man, woman, and child	1
The All-Palestine Government however lacked any significant authority and was in fact seated in Cairo.	0
Paquin and Moyer married on 21st August 2010 in Malibu.	1
"La Bastille et le quartier de l'Arsenal", in Dutray-Lecoin and Muzerelle (eds) (2010).	0
Her parents names are Darren and Dina.	1
Egg yolks are one of the few foods that naturally contain Vitamin D.	1
The New York Times reviews Absolute Watchmen, an expanded collection of Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons' comic book series of the 1980s.	0
Ever since people started using cattle in Prehistoric times, cattle have been seen as a sign of wealth.	1
Towards the end of his professional career Brooks began attending law school at Ohio State University.	0
His twitter is @camerondallas, his Snapchat &amp; Instagram name is also camerondallas.	1
As he grew up, Justin Bieber taught himself to play the piano, drums, guitar, and trumpet.	1
Born in Paris to Alfred Barraine, the principal cellist of the Orchestre de l’Opéra, and Mme.	0
In 1970 he founded a piano trio with Jean-Jacques Kantorow and Philippe Muller with whom he continues to perform.	0
As an hereditary member of the upper house of the Prussian Diet, Lichnowsky played some part in domestic politics, adopting in general a moderate attitude and deprecating party legislation.	0
The elevator was closed to the public after the construction of the Roosevelt Island Bridge between the island and Astoria in Queens in 1955 and demolished in 1970.	0
As the local name 'spring messenger' suggests, lesser celandine is one of the first flowers of the year.	1
After taking bread, Jesus then took the wine from the table and told his disciples to drink it.	1
In some periods, "cattle" and "livestock" have been used interchangeably.	0
NASA stands for “National Aeronautics and Space Administration”.	1
Along with the Pioneers there are also Skirmishers who wear the traditional uniform of a 90th Battalion rifleman circa 1885.	0
Its structure brought a new experience which characterized PSB's democratic profile: the Base Centers (núcleos de base).	0
Some Me 4 Fv complexes are called tuck-in complexes.	0
The pool stage saw a considerable change in format and consisted of eight pools of four teams, giving each team three home and three away matches.	0
Some payroll card programs establish a separate account for each employee.	0
Best Director – Anna Span – Do The Business	0
One of the most bizarre things Zayn has seen a fan do, was hiding in a bin to avoid being seen by security.	1
UBS cut its dividend in order to protect its traditionally high tier 1 capital ratio, seen by investors as a key to its credibility as the world's largest wealth management company.	0
In most Middle Eastern countries, Sunday is the first day of the working week.	1
This sort of female agonizing, in which morals are irresponsibly confused for the sake of effect, makes diversion for none but the suckers, we feel sure."	0
Spy and conspiracy films were scattered throughout the two decades.	0
He attended and graduated from Richmond High School.	1
It was mainly the de Prikkewei constructed, on the east side of the Skipsleat and north of the Nij Beetsterfeart.	0
Among parrots, the largest wingspan belongs to the Hyacinth Macaw with a wingspan of nearly 5 feet (1.5m) which makes them wider than they are tall, which is nearly 4 feet (1.2m) from head to toe.	1
Originally, Cantona began to follow in his father's footsteps and often played as a goalkeeper, but his creative instincts began to take over and he would play up front more and more often.	0
Doug Finley, 66, Canadian politician, Senator for Ontario (since 2009), Campaign Director during the 2006 and 2008 elections, colorectal cancer.	0
She next posed for Bert Stern for Vogue in a series of photographs that included several nudes.	0
Their fourth and most recent album, Young Celts was released on 13 October 2008.	0
The Uno was quite popular in Britain, with 190,000 Mark I examples sold from its launch there in June 1983 until the launch of the facelifted model in late 1989.	0
^ C. S. Lewis (1950).	0
The earliest known printing of “Why did the chicken cross the road?” was in 1847 in a New York Magazine.	1
The Esplanade extension continues a segment of the Portage Hike and Bike Trail that will eventually link downtown to Dix Stadium and is expected to be completed by the latter half of 2013.	0
Cougars are predators at the top of the food chain, and their actions are often unpredictable.	1
At school, Aston had several nicknames, he was known as Lil Man or A.S.	1
5 Seconds of Summer consists of four members: Luke Hemmings, the lead vocalist and guitarist; Michael Clifford, the guitarist and vocalist; Calum Hood who plays bass guitar and does vocals and Ashton Irwin, the drummer and vocals.	1
Throughout Rooney’s first season, he had the number 18 on his shirt.	1
The frescoes depict probably the life-cycle of the name saint of the church, Praxedes.	0
At the corners of the central area, and at the corners of the outer area, there are two allegorical sculpture programs: four groups depicting Victorian industrial arts and sciences (agriculture, commerce, engineering and manufacturing), and four more groups representing Europe, Asia, Africa and The Americas at the four corners, each continent-group including several ethnographic figures and a large animal.	0
Financial issues have plagued Gold in times since his main event victory and has resorted to playing smaller cash games at local casinos.	0
The battle itself was a tactical tie, since neither side could decisively defeat the other, however the UN units achieved their strategic goal of preventing the North Koreans from advancing further east and threatening Pusan.	0
They had a son named Ay, who was High Priest of Mut and Second Prophet of Amun.	0
Fab 3E produces 180 nm wafers for use in selected automotive IC products, High Voltage power management IC and Mixed-Signal products with embedded non-volatile memory technology.	0
As space has no gravity, normal pens won’t work.	1
According to Axel Michaels, the Yoga Sutras are a collection of fragments and traditions of texts stemming from the 2nd or 3rd century.	0
The town was organized on January 8, 1870, and was named after the lake that lay within its borders.	0
He played the role of Jules Maigret in the 1932 film The Yellow Dog, directed by his son.	0
But a killer stalks the high school group, one who can walk across mud without leaving footprints, and it's up to Kindaichi to solve the case, fighting time, weather, and Police Inspector Kenmochi, who fails to take the young man seriously (for the last time).	0
SiF 4 + 2 F − → SiF 6 2−	0
Files uploaded, but not converted to Google Docs format, may be up to 1 TB in size.	0
His favorite TV show is The Simpsons, and he once had a voice-over part for a parody character of Edward Cullen.	1
It consisted of the BMG Music Publishing company, the world's third largest music publisher and the world's largest independent music publisher, and the 50% share of the joint venture with Sony Music Entertainment, Sony BMG Music Entertainment (Sony BMG).	0
A final concert was played in February 1975, a benefit gig for the RSPCA.	0
Engraving of by James Fittler in the digitised copy of , 1804 at National Library of Scotland	0
As an expert on magic, gambling, con games and unusual entertainment, Jay has long been a go-to consultant on Hollywood projects, beginning with his work on Francis Ford Coppola's production of Caleb Deschanel's The Escape Artist.	0
while Variety stated that "Hitchcock deftly etches his small-town characters and homey surroundings".	0
He remained at Stoke for the first half of the following season, although he joined Crystal Palace on loan in October.	0
The rules for multiplicative conjunction ( ) and disjunction ( ):	0
Jack is the most common name in nursery rhymes	1
duck eggs are the largest eggs in the world!	1
Franklin (most of Frankln, small part of Horseshoe Bend)	0
After Adolph Philipse's death, the Patent was divided in 1754 into nine lots granted to three heirs: Mary Philipse, Philip Philipse, and Susannah Philipse Robinson.	0
Females signal their readiness to mate by yowling or caterwauling.	0
In one breeding season, the Northern Mockingbird lays an average of 4 eggs.	0
Table beer (1.5% alcohol) was served in Belgian schools until the 1980s.	1
Rio has the 8th largest library in the world.	1
VLMa consists of a daemon (called VLMad) and a web interface (called VLMaw).	0
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete	1
It was his friend, Bart Bordelon, who came to him with the idea of joining Magcon, and after explaining the group, Aaron became a member.	1
This threat may be eliminated by physically separating the access control network from the network of the organization.	0
Pouch: small bag such as a pocket, teabag, money bag, sporran, etc.	0
Though absent of nearby grasslands, the white cobbles, the hills and the island colored with dark red, and the deep blue lake water present another distinctive picture absent from many of the places more frequented by visitors.	0
in 1933 she would watch both their books fall victim to the Nazi Bücherverbrennung or book burnings.	0
As seahorses have a sister taxon relationship with Idiotropiscis, and other pygmy pipehorse genera are likely basal to this group (given their more pipefish-like appearance), this classification would also make the Syngnathinae paraphyletic.	0
^ "Gold-fields Edition of the Rockhampton Bulletin", Rockhampton Bulletin and Central Queensland Advertiser, 3 October 1867, p. 2	0
Mel Blanc insisted on chewing real carrots to provide the chomping sounds when he voiced Bugs Bunny!	1
193Thomas van der Plaetsen 14.79875 5155	0
Colón's main interest was to see the inductions of Great Kokina and Mil Máscaras, both of whom worked under him in Capitol Sports Promotions.	0
Clement I, at the end of the 1st century, wrote an epistle to the Church in Corinth intervening in a major dispute, and apologizing for not having taken action earlier.	0
The magnetic field of Jupiter is some fourteen times stronger than that of Earth’s, making it the strongest in the solar system.	1
flagellar motility, a swimming-like motion (observed for example in spermatozoa, propelled by the regular beat of their flagellum, or E. coli, which swims by rotating a helical prokaryotic flagellum)	0
It is found in or near Atlantic Forest of eastern Brazil, Uruguay, eastern Paraguay, and far north-eastern Argentina.	0
Traditional Caymanian home at East End, Grand Cayman	0
Together, she and Ferdinand spent their time uniting Spain by completing the reconquista.	0
Surfing will make its debut as an Olympic sport in Tokyo 2020.	1
At the microscopic level the basidiospores are shot off basidia and then fall between the gills in the dead air space.	0
It was at one of these little band events that she first met Dead Can Dance co-founder Brendan Perry.	0
Nan'an is located on the southeastern coast of Fujian province.	0
They say one of the best parts about being in the band is meeting their fans.	1
On 6 October 2012, during an edition of The X Factor, Tulisa once again confirmed that N-Dubz would be reforming.	0
was the group's final single in the United States.	0
Valencia is home to the Six Flags Magic Mountain theme park and the adjacent Six Flags Hurricane Harbor water park.	0
The series are also available as Audio Books.	1
(From the Transaction of the South African Philosophical Society 12.)	0
The cheetah prefers to hunt early morning or late at night, when it is not so hot.	1
In the Weimar Republic the jury was abolished by the Emminger Reform of 4 January 1924.	0
It claims 1.1 million members and 1,626 ordained ministers in 1,162 congregations.	0
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.	0
Incorporated places have an asterisk (*).	0
Frogs can swallow with their eyes open!	1
The LG Optimus 2X is a smartphone designed and manufactured by LG Electronics.	0
He has a younger brother called Aaron, who studies BTEC Sport and Biology at Luton Sixth Form College.	1
Connor Ball joined Twitter in February 2012.	1
He followed his sister-in-law, Hélène, duchesse d'Orléans, and her two sons to the chamber of deputies, but was separated from them by the rioters, and only escaped finally by disguising himself in the uniform of a national guard.	0
They are unaware that Fauxlivia has replaced Olivia, and she works to help the Fringe Division to identify the components hidden across the globe for a similar Wave Form Device in the prime universe.	0
Their jaws are more forward pointing which suggest they forage primarily on small fishes in the water column, and occasionally on shrimp, benthic fishes, and crabs.	0
A Woman of No Importance (1893, play)	0
Monks of the Cluniac order were the first inhabitants of the island, and built a monastery here in 1127.	0
Bonhomme scored Canada's second goal in their first game of the tournament, 3 minutes and 6 seconds into the first period	0
(antologia poética – selecção e organização)	0
Cardy was the NDP's candidate in a June 25, 2012 provincial by-election in Rothesay, coming in third with 27% of the vote.	0
The puma and jaguarundi's next closest relation is the cheetah.	1
The inside of a beak is made of bone whereas the outer beak itself is actually made of Keratin.	1
Under British law, when you reach the age of 12 you can buy a pet.	1
You can smell a skunk 1.6km (1 mile) away	1
The sound effects for Chewbacca’s voice were created from a mix of recordings of walruses, lions, camels, bears, rabbits, tigers and badgers!	1
Artux's economy is primarily agriculture, the agricultural	0
Wallonia borders Flanders and the Netherlands in the north, France to the south and west, and Germany and Luxembourg to the east.	0
She was also the first ship to be named after Salt Lake City, Utah.	0
He would later attend Mandela's inauguration as President of South Africa in 1994.	0
In 2014, Jack &amp; Jack’s Single Wild Life secured no’ 87 on the US Billboard Hot 100 Chart.	1
A blocked toilet was the cause of a Jesus statue’s dripping base in India that many would drink due to the belief it was spiritual.	1
In feudal Japan, lords purposely built homes with squeaky floors as a defensive measure against ninjas.	1
Some of these sports include, field hockey, cross country, football, soccer, indoor track,basketball, cheerleading, outdoor track, baseball, softball, and golf.	0
These are mainly grown for sale with little being processed for domestic consumption.Embu district is the richest District in Kenya	0
He was voted the club's best signing for the 2008/09 campaign.	0
Saturn is twice as far away from the Sun as Jupiter is.	1
Your brain stops growing at age 18.	1
diversifying trade - expanding the variety of goods and services available for trade	0
When content, a leopard will actually purr, but when angry scream and roar in fury.	1
The building was officially opened on 28 November 1883 with a gala to which 1200 guests were invited, including nobles, bureaucrats and foreign diplomats, presided over by Inoue and his wife Takeko.	0
His form slumped following injuries in the late 1920s, but a recovery in the early 1930s led to a recall by England, although he broke down in his second match back.	0
Civitella (Larino), a locality or frazione in the comune of Larino in the province of Campobasso	0
In his famous 15th century manual on painting, Il Libro Dell'Arte, Cennino Cennini described it this way: "The color is made of the hansomest and lightest sinoper obtainable, and it is mixed and worked up with lime white; and this white is made from very white and well-purified lime.	0
If you weigh 150 pounds, 21 pounds of this is the weight of your skeleton.	1
The balance spring problem was solved with a nickel-steel alloy named Elinvar for its invariable elasticity at normal temperatures.	0
bar:1930 from: 1542 till:1880 text:"338" color:VE	0
A newborn cub weighs 500–700 g (1.1–1.5 lb).	0
Another auspicious celebration for Shiva devotees is Thirukaarthigai.	0
They are generally native to Arctic and Subarctic regions.	1
Sophie Katharina, Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg (28 June 1617 - 22 November 1696)	0
In 2005, Redgrave had just finished an engagement playing the lead in King Lear with the Royal Shakespeare Company in London when he suffered a severe heart attack.	0
In the strategic point of view these victories were enabled partially by the weakened condition of the Ottoman armies brought about by the active presence of the Greek army and fleet.	0
Volume secondo, Isbn edizioni & exCogita, 2007.	0
In 1997 the Vans #36 debuted as the Old Skool and are considered the hallmark shoe of the entire brand.	1
Mel blanc (the voice of Bugs bunny) was allergic to carrots !	1
The inhabited area, however, is so compact that most people walk everywhere.	0
You keep silent even when screaming inside because the things that drive you crazy, you feel you have no choice but to hide.	1
long as the ox teamster is always smarter than the oxen.	0
In this sense, as sacramental grace, the new law justifies.	0
He has been arrested twice; in 1994 he trashed a New York hotel room, and in 1999 he fought with paparazzi in London.	1
The highest rates of atheism occur in nations where citizens have high economic and political stability.	1
The Schoodic Peninsula is much more secluded than Mount Desert Island, yet encompasses 3,500 additional acres of Acadia National Park.	1
Of all the primates, lemurs are the most different from human beings.	1
It takes 26 moves or less to solve a Rubik’s Cube.	1
Also called demodicosis or the red mange, demodectic mange is caused by a sensitivity to and overpopulation of Demodex canis if the animal's immune system is unable to keep the mites under control.	0
Their food includes various species of mammals, reptiles, and birds, all of which live in different habitats.	0
In 1998, the Premier Division clubs broke away from the Scottish Football League to form the Scottish Premier League.	0
Spike Lee as Mookie, a young black man working in Sal's Famous Pizza	0
L&apos;amante proibita (La petite fille en velours bleu) (1978)	0
Some people believe that the suit became red after he was featured on a Coca-Cola advertisement, that has nowadays become the symbol of Christmas-time.	1
Paul Stoddart stated that he would sell Minardi if he could find the right buyer.	0
The controversy surrounding Barzaz Breiz would last for more than a century.	0
When it was brought center stage to the conservatory on July 11, it was four feet high.	0
During filming of season 5 for Once Upon a Time, Emilie de Ravin was pregnant, and shots mostly consisted of her upper body.	1
The missionaries of the order have also given us valuable descriptive works on foreign countries and peoples.	0
London holds the record of being the only city to have hosted the event 3 times – 1908, 1948 and 2012.	1
A female ferret is called a jill	1
They don’t breed well in captivity and are difficult to keep alive, however, they can live to be 15 years old in the wild and over 20 years old when they do survive in captivity.	1
Mushing is a general term for a sport or transport method powered by dogs.	0
Even though they have the same effect on muggles as they do on Wizards, they are invisible to muggles.	1
There are four tapestries in developing and implementing L'Orage (The storm), for George Salles (Musée national d'art moderne National museum of modern art).	0
She suffers from homesickness when she is away from London, and doesn’t like flying.	1
He designed the Jet Car's suspension system, which allows it to hug the ground even at supersonic speeds.	0
: 1848 – 1957), 29 March 1856, p.7	0
Apples are more efficient at waking you up in the morning than tea or coffee!	1
Since Edward Scissorhands, Depp and Burton have worked together on: Ed Wood, Sleepy Hollow, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The Corpse Bride, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Alice in Wonderland, and Dark Shadows.	1
Former team mates and colleagues were invited to the match; there was a minutes applause before the match; players warmed up in specially designed shirts; players and coaches wore black armbands; the match day programme was dedicated to Speed; Blades Captain Chris Morgan and former Blade and Welsh international Robert Page laid wreaths on pitch side just before kick-off.	0
This term may refer to other religious structures in some countries.	0
Hiranai occupies the Natsudomari Peninsula, jutting into central Mutsu Bay.	0
People who regularly get out of bed by 7AM are more likely to be thinner and happier!	1
By the year 3,000 BC, there were at least 6 different types of beers in Egypt!	1
The diagnosis can be confirmed with very high accuracy post-mortem when brain material is available and can be examined histologically.	0
In 2016 the Barbados postal service released a special set of stamps featuring 27 of the 114 residents over the age of 100.pic.twitter.com/i6OhaEGxcF	1
According to research, left-handed people are affected by post-traumatic stress far more than right-handed people!	1
In 1920 August Krogh was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of the mechanism of regulation of the capillaries in skeletal muscle.	0
Just Dance was the first #1 song on the Hot 100 to include the word “dance” since February 1991.	1
In essence, every consumer would be indifferent between (1) going completely without the product or service and (2) being able to purchase it from the monopolist.	0
The babies are fed milk twice a day.	0
Lois Griffin and Meg Griffin have the same nose and mouth (but somehow Meg is considered ugly while Lois is smoking hot).	1
June 25, 2012081Descubriendo a Dionisio16.542 minutes	0
At that time, the first modern highway between São Paulo and the coast was constructed and named the Walk of Lorraine.	0
In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.	1
Unlike many other ancient buildings, the Pantheon has been in continuous use throughout its history.	0
The third flight on 30 January 2013 successfully reached orbit.	0
Magic nodes - which are sources of magical power - are scattered throughout both worlds.	0
None of Shakespeare’s original manuscripts exist because they were written quickly for stage performance.	1
Demi’s full name is Demetria Devonne Lovato.	1
Headwaters (Stream order 1 to 3)	0
No-one was hurt and there was no damage to the lift's superstructure.	0
"Get Like Me", featuring Nicki Minaj and Pharrell, premiered online on June 18, 2013, and was officially released on July 2, 2013, as the album's second single.	0
There is a difference in the structure of the voice box or the larynx, because of which the cougars can't roar.	1
The exception to this rule is cold and flu preparations such as "Codral".	0
Later in the Spring of 2011, the series was finally really officially licensed by Cookie Jar for a new third, and fully console-handled, video game, this time, however, to come out on Nintendo DS; a sneak preview and trailer of the game has been already included on the complete first and second seasons DVD set (as aforementioned above), and was released in March 29, 2011.	0
A mother eagle will generally lay two eggs, although in most cases, one of the baby eagles is stronger than its sibling and will kill the weaker one.	1
Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends had Hispanic influences.	1
Wilhelm Grimm, one of the Brothers Grimm, was confirmed on 13 April 1800 in Großalmerode.	0
Likewise, old white dwarfs may also become cold and dead, eventually becoming black dwarfs, although the universe is not thought to be old enough for any stars to have reached this stage.	0
The entire first side presents a suite to Charlie Parker.	0
A history of the Holy Eastern Church.	0
As president, Ershad approved amendments to the constitution of Bangladesh which declared Islam the state religion, abandoning state secularism.	0
The Legacy of Muslim Rule in India.	0
Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture	0
She is last seen in the Organization's castle together with Pete, holding the Heartless at bay for Sora so he may defeat the Organization's leader Xemnas, intending to take the Organization's castle as payment, although the castle is destroyed before they can claim it.	0
Heinrich Haussler also took many of the team's headlines, with his impressive performances at Paris–Nice, Milan – San Remo, and his stage win in the 2009 Tour de France (Stage 13, Colmar).	0
"Fogelberg Parkway" continues northwest, then west, to the intersection of N. Prospect and E. Frye, the location of the convenience store where Fogelberg ran into his old high school sweetheart one Christmas Eve - a chance encounter described in the song "Same Old Lang Syne".	0
The caterpillar overwinters during its 3rd instar.	0
He also frequently appears as an extra known as "Major Wood" in the Stargate SG-1 episodes that he directs, often assisting Sergeant Siler as a repairman using the oversized crescent wrench that serves as an inside joke.	0
In the Middle to Late Republic, Rome's expansion through conquest offered her political-military adventurers extraordinary opportunities for self-publicity; the long-drawn series of wars between Rome and Carthage – the Punic Wars – produced twelve Triumphs in ten years.	0
Where did Superman and the other superheroes come from?	0
The built-up area of the village was 0.028 km², and contained 309 residences.	0
People who regularly help others are significantly happier and less likely to become depressed as they get older.	1
Since June 2012 Kwaśniewski and Pat Cox lead a European Parliament monitoring mission in Ukraine to monitor the criminal cases against Yulia Tymoshenko, Yuriy Lutsenko and Valeriy Ivaschenko.	0
Lee stated that he was generally close to all the Top 10 Idols, but he is also especially close to Siobhan Magnus, Katie Stevens, Michael Lynche, Aaron Kelly, and Alex Lambert and Lacey Brown from the Top 16.	0
Edubuntu has been developed in collaboration with teachers and technologists in multiple countries.	0
Examples include sickle-cell anemia, Tay-Sachs disease, cystic fibrosis and xeroderma pigmentosa.	0
He carefully select pitchers that didn't have any dead insects inside.	0
However, among other difficulties, several fires on campus slowed down the growth process.	0
Emailing large companies about your dissatisfaction with their products will get you free stuff.	1
Max grew up with his family in Manchester.	1
ATP World Tour 500 Series (0–0)	0
He also brought in veteran player Álvaro González, who went on to win to scoring titles in 2006 and 2007.	0
In the UK, pedestrian crossing control boxes have a small cone underneath that spins when it's safe to cross.	1
Producing milk has been part of farming for a long time.	0
After 28 league appearances for Livorno, he returned to Sampdoria at the end of his loan spell, remaining as the second-choice keeper to Angelo Da Costa.	0
A portrait of Van Buren's daughter-in-law, Angelica Singleton Van Buren, painted in 1842 by Henry Inman hangs above the mantel.	0
It is now intended that they will be raided, rounded up and Slade returned to prison.	0
The second part takes place on a beach and progresses similarly to the first as Zach fails to connect with his friends for a majority of the bit.	0
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller American Folk Art Museum, 2008.	0
On 5 August 2011, he scored twice in Paul Scholes's testimonial match against New York Cosmos at Old Trafford.	0
Rogers Group quarry and asphalt plant controversy	0
Mice sigh up to 40 times an hour.	1
In the British Royal Air Force, a WSO (formerly navigator) is a commissioned officer that operates aircraft mission systems on the Tornado GR4 amongst other platforms.	0
The line, “Born and raised in South Detroit” in Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin” actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.	1
Likewise, every hominid species found on the Ringworld is descended from Pak breeders, and all are susceptible to the virus of Tree-of-life.	0
Online encyclopaedia based around Karl Pilkington, Stephen Merchant and Ricky Gervais	0
In 1992, a group of French youths removing graffiti from a cave accidentally erased a painting of a bison that was 15,000 years old.	1
HVAC techs who have been trained can also be certified in areas such as air conditioning, heat pumps, gas heating, and commercial refrigeration.	0
In 1937, O'Neil debuted in the film Stella Dallas and in 1939 she was cast in the role of Ellen O'Hara, Scarlett O&apos;Hara's mother, in Gone with the Wind, after the role was turned down by Lillian Gish.	0
Chronic users of hypnotic medications for insomnia do not have better sleep than chronic insomniacs not taking medications.	0
Nick ruefully calls for another take.	0
With the arrival of Lee's two divisions, under Maj. Gen. Joseph B. Kershaw and Charles W. Field, Beauregard had over 20,000 men to defend the city, but Grant's force had been augmented by the arrival of Maj. Gen. Gouverneur K. Warren's V Corps and 67,000 Federals were present.	0
Macy's Marketing (sometimes called Advertex Communications) formally known as Federated Direct (1999-2003)' Federated Corporate Marketing (2003-2007) and Macy's Corporate Marketing (2007-2009) is in charge of all marketing for Macy's including advertisements, social media and National Events.	0
He performed at the TCL Awards in Italy.	1
A coal-fired power station puts 100 times more radiation into the air than a nuclear power plant producing the same amount of energy.	1
This eschatological and apocalyptic setting of a Last Judgement is in precise contrast to the Titanomachia of Hesiod which serves its distinct service to Greek mythology as its Prolegomenon, bracketing all subsequent mythology, including the creation of humanity, as coming after the cosmological struggle between the Titans and the Olympian gods.	0
Generally, more dominant cows are less fearful and use their right eyes more often.	1
People in Finland drink the most coffee per person - an average of 5 cups a day.	1
David Hackett, 84, American government official (President’s Committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Youth Crime, 1961–1964), complications of diabetes.	0
96.7% spoke English and 1.3% Spanish as their first language.	0
As of October 2008, the album had been certified gold.	0
The flesh that dangles underneath the beak of the turkey, is known as the wattle.	1
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.280, ranking it second out of 19 journals in the category "Ornithology".	0
Jean-André Deluc (or de Luc) (8 February 1727 – 7 November 1817) was a Swiss geologist and meteorologist.	0
There is evidence favoring both these hypotheses.	0
The majority of Vikings spent their time farming barley, rye, oats, as well as raising cattle, goats, pigs, and sheep on farms just big enough to support their family.	1
Despite this, alpha wave intrusion has not been significantly linked to any major sleep disorder, including fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, and major depression.	0
Jerry Peltier was elected grand chief.	0
A police enquiry revealed that the News of the World had a routine practice of intercepting mobile phone messages of celebrities, politicians and other public figures.	0
He made an appearance at the national political scene in 2004 and delivered a speech at the Democratic Party national convention.	1
According to Ashton, Calum has the best butt in the band.	1
30 Seconds to Mars has received 80 awards from 146 nominations as of March 2013.	1
The first credit card was a Diner's Club card issued in 1950	1
She was a member of the Cannes Film Festival Jury in 2006.	1
Meilge Molbthach3rd century BC369–362 BC523–506 BC	0
The co-op play feature over Xbox Live was well received; Eurogamer wrote, "Being able to pick and leap into any of your friends' or even complete strangers' cities is likely to keep that buzz going though", and 1UP agreed, remarking "That it represents the best, if not the first, online multiplayer sandbox game on a console is just gravy".	0
The first three 65a-c were the prototypes while the 65d-f were the production models.	0
Even though an English prisoner, David retained influence in Scotland and Robert had his Guardianship removed by parliament and given jointly to the earls of Mar and Ross and the lord of Douglas—this did not last and Robert was once again appointed Guardian by the Parliament of February 1352.	0
In Portugal the maximum life sentence is 25 years imprisonment.	1
Google acquire a new company each week on average, obtaining YouTube over meetings at Denny’s in 2006 for $1.65 billion.	1
Particularly in the late 1970s and early 1980s, there were concerns among non-Marxist economists that the profit rate could be really falling.	0
The club's acceptance into first-class cricket was made conditional on the building of a new Test match-standard cricket ground.	0
A small children's swing ride with seats suspended from arms which rotate around a central point.	0
Part of the island is covered with casuarina (Casuarina equisetifolia) trees.	0
Director Roland Emmerich and composer Harald Kloser originally penned a script for 10,000 BC.	0
Destinos Cruzados, 2004, as Carloto Esquella, Transmitted by TVN	0
Construction started in 1953 and the power station was commissioned in 1956 with an initial nameplate capacity of 912 megawatts.	0
The existing station was first occupied in February 1967 and is currently the site for Station Cape Disappointment and the National Motor Lifeboat School.	0
Garbizu worked at the San Sebastián Conservatory as an organ professor from 1954 to 1989, when he retired.	0
Lawson has become renowned for her flirtatious manner of presenting, although she argues "It’s not meant to be flirtatious.	0
It has a large neck, and almost entirely covers the torso.	0
On 29th June 2008, Thomas Beatie, the world’s first pregnant man, gave birth to a daughter called Susan Juliette Beatie.	1
The Mortimer Trail, a long-distance footpath, runs from Ludlow to Kington, Herefordshire.	0
There are many buildings of historic note in the town, especially in and around High Street.	0
The UN Security Council, ECOSOC and the UN Commission on Human Rights do not take into account the nature of the conflict with respect to the protection of women in war time.	0
It was proved that it was not an accident and not a suicide.	0
Koloveč lies approximately east of Domažlice, south-west of Plzeň, and south-west of Prague.	0
Fresh chilled beef must be shipped in specially refrigerated cars and ships in order to arrive in good condition.	0
The first "ground control" station was set up at Ostend, Belgium, allowing constant contact between the station and Belgian ships sailing the route between Ostend and Dover.	0
The rubber tree isn't the only plant with rubbery sap, but it is the only one that produces more latex each time it is cut because the wound stimulates its rate of photosynthesis.	1
King Æthelred then ordered that Sigeferth's widow, Ealdgyth, be seized and brought to Malmesbury Abbey, but Edmund seized and married her in defiance of his father, probably to consolidate his power base in the east midlands.	0
The main agricultural crops were corn, manioc, sugarcane, rice, and coffee.	0
Raichu can be male or female, the difference in appearance is the female has smaller, blunted lightning bolt at the end of its tail.	1
Much like its contemporaries, the Empire State Building (1931) and the Chrysler Building (1930), the New Yorker was designed in the Art Deco style which was popular in the 1920s and 1930s.	0
Certain typos, or kinds of typos, have achieved widespread notoriety and are occasionally used deliberately for humorous purposes.	0
In Stierva about 66.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).	0
Anyone nominated for a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame has to raise around $23,500 (£19,250) in sponsorship.	1
The plant is extremely common in suburban and exurban areas of New England, the Mid-Atlantic, and southeastern United States.	0
Additional production at the Izhevsk plant began in September 2012, after the old VAZ 2105 was removed from production.	0
The wrestling team will remain in the Southern Conference because the Sun Belt does not sponsor the sport.	0
Tarzan also appeared in the PS2 game Kingdom Hearts, although this Tarzan was shown in the Disney context, not the original conceptional idea of Tarzan by Bourroughs.	0
Crotalaria mohlenbrockii Windler & S. G. Skinner	0
On site called Santa Maria, Prince Pedro Henrique resided until the end of his life.	0
The PlayStation and Saturn versions were a combined release of Parodius Da!	0
Being the Java EE reference implementation, this was the first application server to completely implement Java EE 6 .	0
Dean first appears in Bitter Gold Hearts.	0
The Kit Kat was originally made by Rowntree Limited, until 1988 when they were bought out by Nestle.	1
Dylan Dauzat’s fans call themselves “Dylanators”.	1
The line-up of the band for their most recent album, (2008), is Smith, Porl Thompson (guitar), Simon Gallup (bass guitar) and Jason Cooper (drums).	0
He subsequently recorded his 2013 debut album Long.	0
Examples are the IT8 and ColorChecker charts.	0
Hunter Tylo (born Deborah Jo Hunter, July 3, 1962) is an American actress, author and former model.	0
Prior to the construction of Oxbow Prairie Horizons School, Oxbow had two schools: (1) Oxbow Prairie Heights School (OPHS), which taught Grades 6 through 12 (Oxbow Prairie Heights School opened in 1986, following renovations to the former Oxbow High School, which had taught Grades 7 through 12); and (2) Oxbow Elementary School, which was Grades K through 6 until 1985, and taught Grades K through 5 from 1985 to 2010.	0
Extensible Binary Meta Language (EBML) from Matroska	0
Many were displaced due to fighting, with forced ethnic and religion based expulsions taking place against Sunni Arabs and Alawites alike.	0
In another contrast to the Kharijites, who believed that committing a grave sin would render a person non-Muslim, Murjites considered genuine belief in and submission to God to be more important than acts of piety and good works.	0
Kipling cultivated their friendship and came to admire the men and their politics.	0
Americas top selling ice cream flavour is vanilla	1
On 30 January 1902, the first Anglo-Japanese Alliance was signed in London between the Foreign Secretary Lord Lansdowne and Hayashi Tadasu, the Japanese Minister.	0
Monsieur Mangetout was a Frenchman born in 1950, who was able to consume over 9 tons of metal in his life time but couldn’t stomach single banana, saying they made him feel sick.	1
Avnet has been married to the artist Barbara Brody since 1975.	0
A larger market garden can by mixed crop production maintain a sales alternative to the wholesale commodity-style channels often used by farms that specialize in high volumes of a limited number of crops.	0
It takes 1 week to make a jelly bean	1
The hum that comes from mains electricity provides forensic scientists with a date and time stamp on audio recordings.	1
It generally parallels the N10 Route Nationale, but deviates significantly from the older N10 between Paris and Tours and between Poitiers and Bordeaux.	0
The opera won the 1986 National Institute for Music Theatre Award.	0
From 1314 to 1640, the patrician Krieg family of Zurich owned the castle.	0
A sunflower looks like one large flower, but each head is composed of hundreds of tiny flowers called florets, which ripen to become the seeds!	1
Now two hundred books are available for sell.	0
His official Twitter profile is @steveyeun.	1
From 2000 to 2003, he was the Shabak's Deputy Director.	0
Despite containing "Following The Way That I Feel", one of the strongest pop tunes in their catalogue, Don't Look Down didn't meet sales expectations, and presaged the Ozark Mountain Daredevils' move from A&amp;M Records to Columbia Records.	0
List of state universities in India	0
Their debut album was Three Imaginary Boys in 1979.	1
Signal-averaged electrocardiogram (SAECG) interpretation, also referred to as "late potentials" reading;	0
The vehicle was unveiled in 2013 LA Auto Show.	0
Dead EndAugust 27, 1937distribution only; produced by Samuel Goldwyn Productions Nominee of the Academy Award for Best Picture.	0
The Celtic list between those points is Lingones, Remi, Mediomatrici, Sequani and Raurici.	0
A group of owls is called a parliament	1
He enjoys the candy, Reese’s Pieces.	1
"Háls", meaning a broad mountain ridge between valleys, such as the one near Langavatn north of Borgarnes; or	0
According to some beliefs, the Mount Sabalan was the place where Zoroaster meditated for some years, so Mt.	0
After watching some of his videos, musical mega-star Ed Sheeran flew Shawn to Los Angeles for dinner.	1
Choo has appeared on Running Man, with Hyun-jin Ryu on ep 119.	0
James has got Love and Hate tattooed on his knuckles.	1
A village in England called Olney, Buckinghamshire celebrates Shrove Tuesday with a pancake race, they were the first to celebrate Pancake Day in this way and have been racing since 1445.	1
It was founded in 1959 when three local clubs - Aris, Iraklis, Ethnikos - merged.	0
This book is one of the first herbals, admittedly much simpler than those of Nicander, Dioscorides or Galen.	0
DiPippo worked with Eddie countless hours to better his vocals but it became useless.	0
Dairy cow can produce around 70 pounds of milk per day.	0
He was an excellent hunter and jouster – and a skilled lute player.	1
This will eventually lead to water scarcity and cutbacks in grain harvest.	0
Cave pearls are relatively common in caves, but are typically present in low abundance.	0
Until 1982, guests had to buy individual tickets for each attraction.	1
Moa were grazers, functionally similar to deer or cattle in other habitats, and Haast's eagles were the hunters who filled the same niche as top-niche mammalian predators, such as tigers or lions.	0
The XC90 won the North American Car of the Year award and Motor Trend magazine's Sport/Utility of the Year for 2003.	0
1967)19 August 200820 November 2013Democratic Party	0
This is followed by three years of obligatory lower Secondary school where the students are separated according to ability and aptitude.	0
Darla moved in October 2002 to rural north county San Diego.	0
Mexico is the 11th most populous country in the world with a population of 121 million!Mexico in one picture.	1
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle	0
At the end of an investigation and trial, a longtime friend of Costello's was sentenced to six years in prison for obstruction of justice.	0
Evoca drinks thought that to label their company or products may create problems later on and possibly have adverse effects on the brands future.	0
Financially however, Pinocchio was not initially a success.	0
Barium hydroxide ("baryta") was known to alchemists who produced it by heating barium carbonate.	0
Martín-Gil J, Ramos-Sánchez MC, Martín-Gil FJ and José-Yacamán M. "Chemical composition of a fountain pen ink".	0
Nearly 20 years later, Rush and Sear worked together on the coaching staff at Wrexham.	0
octaves) and one leading melodic line at one time.	0
Polgara, daughter of Belgarath and Poledra, twin sister of Beldaran, ultimate Aunt of Belgarion.	0
Martin and Gonff escape with help from the Corim (Council Of Resistance In Mossflower) and join with Young Dinny the mole on a quest to find Boar the Fighter, Badger Lord of Salamandastron.	0
Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt (July 29, 1861 – February 14, 1884) was an American socialite.	0
They are easily confused with the other sub-order of Orthoptera, Ensifera (crickets), but are different in many aspects, such as the number of segments in their antennae and structure of the ovipositor, as well as the location of the tympana and modes of sound production.	0
^ a b c "Mountain Lions in California".	0
While in Paris, Gentner was able to free both Frédéric Joliot-Curie and Paul Langevin, who had been arrested and detained.	0
(1997) Caméléon recorded in Los Angeles.	0
The Saint Meets the Tiger (1943)	0
The seed should be set in warm water up to 2 inches deep; no more than that.	0
In the 500, Stewart ran near the front until problems with the car relegated him to a 28th place finish.	0
The CAF U-23 Championship is the main international football competition for CAF nations, played by under 23 years old players.	0
He was a transition figure whose policies were closer to the Liberal Party for the trades unions rejected his emphasis on arbitration and conciliation and thwarted his goal of unifying the Labour Party and the trades unions.	0
Their music draws influence from dub, psychedelic rock, blues, punk rock, progressive rock, soul, jazz, experimental rock with home-based recording, jamming approach, intense looping work and unusual song structures.	0
Banksy often edits his own paintings.	1
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.	0
She volunteered at a soup kitchen and special education centre as part of her school community service.	1
In Buddhist Thailand, Thursday is considered to be ‘Teacher’s Day,” and it is believed that a person should begin their education on a Thursday.	1
UNESCO declared April 23rd World book and Copyright Day, inspired by La Diada de San Jordi – one of Barcelona’s most celebrated festival days in which loved ones are given roses and books.	1
The Olympic rings signify the world’s 5 major regions; Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe and Oceana, and the colors; blue, yellow, black, green and red, are used in every flag across the world.	1
The longest word that can be typed using only our right hand is 'lollipop'	1
He hails from New Orleans, Louisiana.	1
At the southern extreme lies Cape Kure in Kushimoto, Wakayama.	0
Subsequently in August, she participated in the International Ballet Gala in Japan, two time in the Takamatsu and Tokyo cities, after she participated in the International Gala Dance' Stars which was celebrated in the Argentinean cities like Rosario, Tucuman and Santiago del Estero.	0
| 2009 || 26 September || St Kilda || Geelong || Network Ten || 2,878,000	0
The city is located directly east of Lansing, Michigan, the state's capital.	0
Because of this, Emma has three step-brothers and two step-sisters.	1
It was where I learned I was good at something."	0
The Salesman (Penn Jillette) sells encyclopedias and attempts to sell one to Joey, finding his stupidity hard to deal with while negotiating with him.	0
20 May - Edmonton, AB, Canada Shaw Conference Centre	0
This event was noted as Delecour's Mitsubishi left the road in the middle of the event causing him to lose his temper at his replacement co-driver Dominique Savignoni.	0
Its scientific name is Puma concolor.	1
Fifth Harmony comes from Miami, Florida.	1
Hershey’s chocolate syrup, Ritz Crackers, DumDums, and Oreos are all suitable for vegans.	1
In corporate and administrative law, there has been an evolution of Supreme Court interpretation in favor of stronger government in regards to investigatory power.	0
The first match played there was a friendly between Burton Albion and Chester City on Saturday 16 July 2005.	0
He was a finalist at the 1994 Australian Open and the 1999 US Open, as well as earning eight career titles.	0
IGN listed it as one of the five best horror video games created after 2000 in 2009, and one of the 12 greatest PlayStation 2 games of all time.	0
The Hunger Games was named ‘Best Book of the Year’ in 2008 by Publishers Weekly.	1
Charles VIII of France had a Grand Almoner in his employ.	0
Ironically, one of Bertran's sources of income was from the market of Châlus-Cabrol, where Richard was fatally wounded in 1199.	0
This becomes a chink in Monkey’s emotional and spiritual armor as he is otherwise without weakness.	0
To control large amounts of excess fuel reactivity without control rods, burnable poisons are loaded into the core.	0
King of Thomond, claimant to Kingdom of Munster.	0
Word of the massacre spread, and a few days later Mustafa took Kyrenia without having to fire a shot.	0
Pashto is main language spoken in Buner which until 1969 was part of Swat, a moderate number of people speak Punjabi languages (Hindko, Gujri and Majhi dialects).	0
1st Time Trial Junior Grand Prix des Nations – St.Romain, France (Road)	0
Awarded Comstock Prize in Physics, National Academy of Sciences, 1943.	0
Even in times of peril for his life, awaiting death at the gallows, he still managed a caring thought for others.	0
Their home stadium is Stade Port Autonome.	0
Harry is the biggest game-cheater out of everyone in One Direction.	1
More than 1,000,000 Earths could fit inside the Sun	1
The Dogondoutchi area was particularly hard hit during the 2005–06 Niger food crisis and drought.	0
When he does, Jor-El fends him off while Lara sends Kal into space.	0
While filming the big standoff scene between Gandalf and the Balrog in Fellowship of The Ring, Ian McKellen was actually acting to a ping pong ball!	1
The President of Finland is the Grand Master of all three orders.	0
Heavier bar pressure makes them more tiring to fly	0
The parts that make the $1249 iPhone XS Max cost $443.	1
Tattooing is illegal in three countries: Iran, Turkey, and the United Arab Emirates.	1
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds!	1
Fracking is a big part of Exxon's business (the company Mr. Tillerson leads), especially in Texas.	0
In 1623, he departed for India with twenty Jesuits.	0
Generally, the cinching/shaping properties of corsetry puts strain onto the fabric from which the corset is made.	0
The fire shouldn't be so hot that the skin breaks.	0
| RFA 3: Stevenson vs. Cochrane	0
Even though drugs are officially illegal in the Netherlands, it is legal to be under the influence of any drug to encourage people to seek medical help.	1
New York: Monthly Review Press, 1978.	0
Scotland hosts several music festivals including Celtic Connections (Glasgow), and the Hebridean Celtic Festival (Stornoway).	0
Johnny’s father, Richard, was serving in the U.S. Air Force when he was born.	1
The sickle and the handaxe represent agriculture and forestry, the most important industries in Wilhelmsfeld in the 19th century.	0
Victorian Premier League Runners Up: 1978	0
The 1950s and 1960s were a successful time for the club, culminating in their greatest ever achievement, winning the South African League title in 1965.	0
Saturn is the root of the English word “Saturday”.	1
In the 15 seasons of Law and Order, the following OITNB characters have all had a role in an episode: Red, Gloria, Watson, Heeley, Pornstache, Big Boo, Nicky, Pennsatucky, Vee &amp; Yoga Jones.	1
While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent including Antarctica.	1
Ælfwynn's lands would later endow Ramsey Abbey, refounded by Bishop Æthelwold of Winchester, Bishop Oswald of Worcester, and Æthelstan's son Æthelwine.	0
Threatening isn't the right word, but I heard they were thinking about releasing it.	0
Ce que j'ai vu à Moscou, Les Éditions de France 1925	0
She dated singer Harry Styles from One Direction in late 2012 to January 2013.	1
Key also released "Chic Chic", song about the fame and "A Loirinha, o Playboy e o Negão" ("The Blondie, the Playboy and the Nigga"), song anti racial discrimination.	0
He and Virginia, Lady Bellamy, retire to a small villa in Dorset, keeping Rose Buck in their employ.	0
His curse is: 1) that as the sound of the bell had been broken, so now would any sharp sound send Suibhne into madness, 2) as Suibhne had killed one of Ronan's monks, so would Suibhne die at spear point.	0
Puberty and High Pregnancy Rates are an inheritable trait of	0
The Q-Chastic EP was created by Richard D. James under the alias "Q-Chastic".	0
LCD Display: 8.9" LED-backlit widescreen with 1024 × 600 resolution.	0
Urban Mass Transportation Act of 1970	0
Bart Simpson has been strangled by Homer over 60 times throughout the show… so far.	1
When he was 12-years old finished second in a local singing competition called Stratford Idol.	1
Dark roasted coffee beans contain less caffeine than medium roasted ones (the longer a coffee is roasted the more caffeine is burns off)	1
A second (and sometimes third) section of the PHE is added to remove the remaining heat with a mixture of chilled pure water and propylene glycol.	0
About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.	1
It is native to the Greater Antilles and the West Indies.	0
Bitcoins have no inherent or set value.	1
Taweret's image served a functional purpose on a variety of objects.	0
Cyprus Brandy (served neat) is a favourite drink to accompany meze in Cyprus, although lager or wine are popular with some.	0
The brook trout is also a food source for many of the birds along the St. Mary's River.	0
Nike is the Greek goddess of strength, speed, and victory.	1
The simplest example is, when considering a function f(n), there is a need to describe its properties when n becomes very large.	0
"Seretse Khama" by Neil Parsons, Willie Henderson and Thomas Tlou in 1995	0
Cal Abrams, American Major League Baseball player (born 1924)	0
Since the release of the film, however, the US military justice controversially dropped all charges to all Marines involved.	0
From the rapid growth of Woleaian in 1987 to 2000 it is pretty safe to say that Woleaian is being transmitted and taught to young children.	0
Andrea Gaudenzi Diego Nargiso 6-4, 7-6Cristian Brandi Filippo Messori	0
More people have died taking selfies this year than through shark attacks.	1
w 1 — width at nut (close to headstock)	0
It does actually snow in Australia during the winter, and can often have even more snow than Switzerland.	1
Other clubs, maces, swords, or knives could well also have been used by a guildsman for close combat after meeting a charge with the goedendag.	0
Wine is sold in tinted bottles because it spoils when exposed to light	1
iamamiwhoami won an MTV O Music award in 2012 in the "Digital Genius" category.	0
New Horizons crossed the orbit of Saturn on 8 June 2008, and Uranus on 18 March 2011.	0
Using Steinberg's VST plugins with Ardour on Linux and FreeBSD is possible if Ardour is compiled by the user or packager/distributor to include VST support.	0
But it's the essence of our society that a policeman's job should be hard.	0
Old town, next to the port.	0
By August 1852 there were less than 100 gold diggers and the police presence was reduced to two troopers.	0
It is particularly effective for sorted lists with small differences between strings, such as a list of words from a dictionary.	0
They have a complex social interaction and are found in African dense forest mosaics.	0
Core 2 Extreme QX6800 – 2.93 GHz (2×4 MB L2 Cache, 1066 MHz FSB) (April 9, 2007)	0
He stayed and performed in Europe with his band Zaiko until 2009.	0
^ Qi, J.; Shi, Q.; Wang, G.; Li, Z.; Sun, Q.; Hua, Y.	0
Foreign Minister: Hoshyar Zebari (Kurdistan Democratic Party)	0
Because of its vast climate, there are over 1,700 different plant species in the Grand Canyon.	1
1910 - Douglas Bader, English captain and pilot (d. 1982)	0
As Mennonites came into contact with new technology, they often adapted the names for the technologies they encountered.	0
This method is referred to as "electronic forms" or e-forms and is typically accomplished by using existing print-perfect documents in electronic format to allow for pre-filling of existing data, capturing data manually entered online by end-users, providing secure methods to submit form data to processing systems, and digitally signing the electronic documents without printing.	0
Emergency Medical Care, a part of emergency medicine	0
A sapiosexual is a person who is sexually attracted to intelligence in others.	1
Apart from apparently never ageing, Ash has died a total of three times throughout the series, but also returned full of life and energy.	1
723 BC—Sargon succeeds Shalmaneser V as king of Assyria.	0
Maurer won one singles title (1985, Madrid) and two doubles titles (1984, Stuttgart outdoor and 1986, Geneva) during his professional career.	0
The Politics of Opera in Turn-Of-The-Century Italy: As Seen Through the Letters of Alfredo Catalani.	0
The theme tune for the series, "Avenues and Alleyways", was a minor hit for Tony Christie (and was later successfully revived by Christie in the 2000s thanks in part to its use in the soundtrack to the film Love, Honour and Obey).	0
Pu-yi also later became the puppet leader of Japanese-controlled Manchukuo under the reign name Datong ( 大同 ) (1932–1934), then the puppet emperor of the same under the reign name Kangde ( 康德 ) (1934–1945).	0
An older version of Betty Ross appears in the animated direct-to-video film , voiced by Nicole Oliver.	0
The song was the B-side to the single, "Ma-Ma-Ma Belle", in the US; however the B-side received more airplay than the A-side, thus "Daybreaker" charted instead.	0
2007 - Davos (1), 2nd, 4x10km relay (with Checchi / Di Centa / Santus)	0
On Valentine’s Day 2013, a Thai couple set the world record for the longest continuous kiss, which lasted for 58 hours, 35 minutes and 58 seconds, the couple also set the previous record in 2011.	1
About one-third of Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it.	1
This development includes the McCoy Building, the Polaris Founder&apos;s Park along with over a hundred other commercial and residential developments.	0
He is well known for his use of white colored eye contacts in music videos, performances, and interviews.	0
Daniel Peter created milk chocolate in Switzerland in 1875 after mixing chocolate with condensed milk following eight years of trial and error.	1
The hangover 'cure' "hair of the dog" comes from an old belief that applying hair from the same dog that bit you would cure you.	1
But it is his plays that gained him international renown.	0
On average, if you walk your dog for 30 minutes, you burn 100 Calories.	1
1962 - The West Indies Federation dissolves.	0
The brain uses less power than a refrigerator light – The brain uses 12 watts of power – 17% of the body’s energy.	1
The Iceland national under-17 football team represents Iceland in international football at this age level and is controlled by Knattspyrnusamband Íslands (KSÍ), the governing body for football in Iceland.	0
David et Jonathas, H. 490, 1688.	0
Serious game will sometimes deliberately sacrifice fun and entertainment in order to achieve a desired progress by the player.	0
After the Governor received the request he forwarded it to Yedo for the government’s reply.	0
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 a.m.	1
Sean William Scott, famous for his role of Stifler in American Pie, can play the guitar.	1
Walsh Jennings hosts a weekly, one-hour radio show on Sirius Satellite Radio's Faction 28 station.	0
Dean Franklet has been a consistent contributor to the maintenance of Trafalgar Park.	0
IT supporters, carpenters, transport company, dietitian, internet shop etc.	0
The sensation of the treatment is likened to an elastic band twanging off the skin.	0
His companion Tina Mayfield stated that the causes of death were complications from kidney disease, diabetes, and congestive heart failure.	0
Leopards can leap up to 6 meters horizontally and 3 meters vertically.	1
Currently, Dr. Pepper is known to blend 23 different flavours in the United States and some other countries.	1
The original inspiration for coloured nail enamels came with the invention of the first car paints in the 20s.	1
The earliest telephones had only one wire for both transmitting and receiving of audio, and used a ground return path, as was found in telegraph systems.	0
He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2005.	0
TSU has participated in the Physical Therapist Centralized Application Service since 2011 for its application process into the Physical Therapist graduate program.	0
ISO 11064-7:2006 Principles for the evaluation of control centres	0
Tallis's monopoly covered 'set songe or songes in parts', and he composed in English, Latin, French, Italian, or other tongues as long as they served for music in the Church or chamber.	0
Michael has said that he does have a thing for patterned boxers, especially ones that involve food!	1
Lufthansa Technik Philippines offers aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services to customers.	0
Hercules, accompanied by the heroes Theseus, Telamon and Alceste, attacks the Amazons and captures Martesia, daughter of the queen.	0
Traffic congestion in the market place was eased by the demolition of the town hall in 1968 and the introduction of a gyratory system around the clock tower.	0
Although it utilizes some engineering solutions used for the recent Topol-M ICBM, the new missile has been developed virtually from scratch.	0
He received the Father of the Year award in 1993.	0
Niigaki's successor has not yet been announced but Sayumi Michishige has expressed her desire to be the next leader.	0
The human body contains 96,000km(59,650miles) of blood vessels	1
Matt McGorry, who plays John Bennett, has some really strange skills beyond acting.. it’s hard to explain what these skills are.. but go to 2:55 in the video above to see this!	1
Many of the cattle dogs and kelpies in Australia are part-dingo due to breeding through the years.	1
After its first year, a journalist, Tom Thackrey, suggested that the main event of this tournament should be no-limit Texas hold 'em.	0
In Ireland the day is known as Máirt Inide, which is Irish for “Shrovetide Tuesday”.	1
The glyphs are most commonly composed of deep smooth cuts, though superficial hair-line cuts are also found.	0
Campbell ended the season with 13 goals to his name making him Blackpool's top scorer.	0
in Lassus' (Hunters' Mass) and in the custom of "telescoping" (or simultaneous singing by different voices) in 18th-century masses.	0
Morgan Freeman has a private pilot’s license, which he earned at the age of 65!	1
As well as having faster heart beats, women blink twice as much as men as well.	1
Appy is a remote mountainous commune, heavily forested in the south and west, with the rest alpine terrain.	0
Bart’s favourite movies are Jaws and the Star Wars trilogy.	1
Coconut oil has swept the beauty world with so many celebrities and iconic figures swearing by it including Eva Mendes and Priyanka Chopra.	1
Tiger sharks prefer warm, salty waters to inhabit.	1
There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.	1
In 1650, Innocent X celebrated a Jubilee.	0
He first met Marge at summer camp.	1
File:Fra bartolomeo 09 Noli Me Tangere.jpg|Noli Me Tangere, by Fra Bartolomeo c. 1506	0
If we wish to write a 0, we would apply a 0 to the bit lines, i.e.	0
This version sees itself as both a farce and a manifesto, a glorification of female friendship and a celebration of women's need for self-realization ... All that would be a handful to pull off for the most experienced filmmaker, but English has never directed before, and it shows.	0
Gold can sometimes be found above the ground in the sand and gravel bars of streams.	1
During the 2010-11 school year, there were a total of 18 students attending classes in Vauffelin.	0
The song made the top four and was selected to duel against the Star Pilots' "Higher", with one song going to the final and the other to the "Second Chance" round.	0
This resulted in a series of corrections and straightening of curves, a work with began in the 1910s and continued all the way to the 1990s.	0
Later that year, South African Airways made a successful bid for a 49% stake in Air Tanzania.	0
Researchers must share the findings of their procedures regardless of them being good or bad results.	0
impact on the ground, and their tracks may be virtually invisible on packed	0
Marvin was in the English show Holby City between the ages of 13 and 16.	1
A ‘haw’ is the third eyelid of a cat, which can only be seen when the cat isn’t well.	1
A few months before his death, Spahn attended the unveiling of a statue outside Atlanta's Turner Field.	0
He died December 31, 2008, of cancer.	0
But now with the undeniable upsurge of scientific research, we cannot continue to rely on the mere fact that we have learned how to teach what is known.	0
Richardson attended the Park School in Brookline, Massachusetts, and then obtained his undergraduate degree from Harvard University, where he resided in Winthrop House, graduated cum laude in 1941, and was an editor of the Harvard Lampoon.	0
He has also composed several film scores.	0
However, the foundation, and fast expansion of the Jesuits meant that these ideas never came to fruition; from early 1551, when Avila began to experience poor health, he began actively encouraging his disciples who so desired to join the Jesuits (around 30 in total seem to have joined).	0
The airport was opened in March 2001 to replace the now-closed Athens (Ellinikon) International Airport.	0
Becky says her biggest musical influences are Jennifer Lopez, Christina Aguilera, Thalia and Selena.	1
Guy's Cliffe has been occupied since Saxon times and derives its name from the legendary Guy of Warwick.	0
Tesla has about 300 patents worldwide, although many of his inventions were never patented.	1
In a survey, 33% of dog owners admitted to chatting over the telephone to their dogs.	1
Queen Jeheon of the Ham-an Yoon clan (제헌왕후, 1445 – August 16, 1482)	0
When he was thirty-five years old he went into the lonely region of Condat to live as a hermit, where after a while his younger brother Lupicinus followed him.	0
August Heinrich Petermann published the map in his Mittheilungen, but warned that the missionaries may not have accounted sufficiently for exaggeration by their informants.	0
The west public entrance opens to the offices.	0
One in every eight people dreams in black and white!	1
The last game for the Sega Mega Drive was released in 2010 and was so popular it sold out before release.	1
Jaye toured Sweden and England in the 1990s, and released another album, One More Time, in 2005.	0
She got a lot of publicity in Finnish Preselection final for Eurovision Song Contest 2007, presenting the song Olet uneni kaunein.	0
He is one of the few choreographers to dance in his own creations and a variety of composers have produced music for him and his performances.	0
Cows have almost total 360 degree panoramic vision and are able to see colors, except red.	1
The word graffiti originates from both Greek and Italian – the Greek word “graphein” which means “to write,” and the Italian word “graffito” which means “a scratch.”	1
If the thrust-to-weight ratio is greater than the local gravity strength (expressed in gs), then flight can occur without any forward motion or any aerodynamic lift being required.	0
Field Guide to Snakes and other Reptiles of Southern Africa: Ralph Curtis Books Publishing, Sanibel Island, Florida, 399 p.	0
Justin once kissed a poster of himself and said “Yup, I’m a great kisser”.	1
Their acceptance of a variant of slavery and ideology of forced unity lends a darker side to the faction.	0
Through his father, he is of Egyptian and Syrian Sephardic heritage, although his mother is Ashkenazi.	0
For the Ionian cities themselves, the revolt ended in failure, and substantial losses, both material and economic.	0
Hiatea teaches that Nature is both creator and destroyer, and that admitting defeat is the worst shame a giant can bear.	0
There has been debate over who, if anyone, was the inspiration for "Annabel Lee".	0
It's actually better to take exams on an empty stomach because hunger makes you better able to focus.	1
34.7 December 2012Antigua Recreation Ground, St. John's 1–01–22012 Caribbean Cup	0
In the mid-19th century, the California Gold Rush drastically heightened travel by European-Americans to the area.	1
[23] They are equally adept surviving in some of the world's most humid rainforests and even semi-arid desert edges.	0
Mark M. Phillips (USA, 1951 — )	0
Calum said if there was one person he would love to be stuck in an elevator with, he would want it to be Katy Perry.	1
The city is the third largest in the Central Bohemian Region (behind Kladno and Mladá Boleslav) and is a natural administrative and cultural center of the south-western part of the region, although it also tends to be largely influenced by the economy and lifestyle of Prague.	0
Special features are limited to Cast and Crew Info and Synopsis.	0
As of 2013, Serbia's voting history is as follows:	0
Double Trouble, later Friends, a 1980s Dutch band featuring Carola Smit	0
American Le Mans Series (GTS Class)	0
In 2013, he collaborated with Australian surf-rock band The Break (composed in part by former members of Midnight Oil) by providing the vocals to the song, "Ten Guitars," for the album, Space Farm.	0
In 1992, he performed at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert with the surviving members of Queen at the old Wembley Stadium, singing a song he had co-written with Mercury, called "Too Late God".	0
Ostriches can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.	1
The terms were unusually generous but, as his son later wrote, the monarchs were not confident of his return.	0
The games are presented in three boxes, in a similar fashion to Blastris.	0
Andrew Sullivan ("Sully") (born 1963), a political blogger	0
Disneyland California Adventure was built on the site of the original Disneyland parking lot.	1
About 500 gallons of blood need to pass through the udder to produce one gallon of milk.	0
Two cases of leopards killing cheetahs have been reported in 2014.	0
The Old Testament’s Leviticus has 27 chapters.	1
It is superstition in Taiwan to place a packet of Guai Guai (“well behaved”) snacks on misbehaving electronics to help fix them.	1
As a result, 1900 marked the first year since 1886 during which the city of Cleveland did not have a team affiliated with Major League Baseball.	0
The deadliest James Bond was Pierce Brosnan, who killed an average of 33.8 people per movie.	1
: As the word "genetic" in the title implies, this book on Fermat&apos;s Last Theorem is organized in terms of the origins and historical development of the subject.	0
The City Hall and Belfry have been designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 1999.	0
I had little hopes on Monday last but to have supped in your cabin: but it pleased God to order it otherwise.	0
Agnus Young – the guitarist from AC/DC inspired Brad to play the guitar.	1
He often was dependent on the mutant Bantam to direct and catalog the time-portals he made, lacking the ability to do so himself.	0
Halley’s enters the inner solar system every 76 Earth years &amp; is one of the most famous.	1
LaTocha Scott (born October 2, 1973) recorded a solo album, titled Solo Flight 404, featuring "Night Stand", Scott's first solo R&B single.	0
University of Arizona Press, Tucson, AZ	0
Survey in the U.S. and other countries show that college students continue to prefer printed textbooks to electronic ones by wide margins.	1
Smaller spikes occur on the remaining segments.	0
A match was held for the vacated WCW World Heavyweight Championship within two weeks of the departure, but no mention was made of the NWA title.	0
As embryos, the first thing that develops is our anus!	1
Leopards can hear five times better that us humans.	0
Sōunzan 0.0 km767 mHakone Tozan Railway Hakone Tozan Cable CarHakone, Kanagawa	0
As Roman Numerals the number 30 is XXX.	1
From November through April daytime high temperatures range from the high 40s to the high 50s with abundant rainfall - including more than 13 inches per month in November, December and January.	0
In 1921, Ansel Adams produced his first photograph.	0
Only 1/3 of all the missions to Mars have been successful.	1
Match Dates:9, 12 & 15 May 2014	0
Banksy reportedly told his mother his job was being a house painter.	1
In 1903 it was suggested for the first time that transduction by viruses might cause cancer.	0
There are over 690 known species of bats	1
This plan was carried out by detonating a 1,200 pound bomb in the parking garage beneath the World Trade Center.	1
The role of culture in society.	0
Infected bitches have been found to only rarely give prenatal transmission to pups while the likelihood of nursing of pups causing transmission (via the lactational route) is much higher.	0
: Flammarion, 1953 (J. Dumoulin ; Marcel Manequin, 10 mai 1953).	0
There are 26 red cards and 26 black cards in a deck of cards.	1
Aquablue centers around the adventures of Wilfried Morgenstern, called Nao, young orphan and one of the sole survivors of the White Star cruise spaceliner wreck.	0
Beethoven kept a diary of his day-to-day goings on when living in Vienna from 1792, giving us insights into his daily life, from finding a new wig-maker to finding a place to buy a piano.	1
During the first few weeks the female repeatedly moves her cubs to different hiding places to reduce their risk of being discovered.	0
Then you have, in the speed, the very regular rapid repeated notes – always in semiquavers.	0
They were also allowed to possess, and often did hold, allods: ownership of real property (land, buildings and fixtures) that is independent of any superior landlord, but it should not be confused with anarchy as the owner of allodial land is not independent of his sovereign.	0
There were more instruments than just the voices of soldiers, since reports were made of brass bands from the Germans trenches.	1
For a little perspective, one of the units in the same complex sold for about 75 million USD.	1
They are managed by Louis Walsh, who was their mentor during the X Factor.	1
In June 2013, García was optioned to the Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens when Jackson came off the DL, but was recalled four days later when Aníbal Sánchez was placed on the DL.	0
The North Eastern Railway Company, 1870-1914 : an economic history Leicester: Leicester University Press, 1976.	0
Can capture en passant other pawns or Taxis.	0
Thus the interpretation here is that the song is sung by the brother or friend who chose or was chosen to die.	0
On Sunday July 2, Israel reopened Gaza's main cargo crossing – the Karni crossing, allowing 50 trucks with food, medical supplies and fuel, to travel from Israel to Gaza.	0
However, not everyone knows that the symbol originates from the Latin word, ‘aurum’, which stands for ‘shining dawn’ in the ancient language.	0
"It's very hard to come in and have a background already in place for a character," she said.	0
Alex runs up to the roof, only to be followed by the clone.	0
He doesn’t have a middle name.	1
It took only 79 seconds for a 23 year old chess master to win against Bill Gates… in 9 moves.	1
Church of San Rocco, with a 15th-century fresco of Madonna, St. Lawrence and Saints.	0
Maharana Pratap was born in Pali at Nanihal (house of mother's father) near Dhanmandi kachedi.	0
In late August, Attacker witnessed the Japanese surrender of Malaya in Penang, as part of Operation Zipper.	0
More people are allergic to cows milk than any other food	1
Google’s first ever Tweet on Twitter was in February 2009, and reads “I’m 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101100 01110101 01100011 01101011 01111001 00001010.” Translating from binary into English, this tweet says “I’m feeling lucky.”	1
The first winner of the Iran Pro League was Persepolis, who beat rival club Esteghlal by one point on the final match day.	0
In a Knesset hearing, Ran Cohen stated emphatically: 'I have this to say: I am not a refugee.'	0
Historical sites in Grand Cayman, such as Pedro St James Castle in Savannah, also attract visitors.	1
Due to the practise of whaling, most species are now endangered.	1
Before going on stage, Shawn always has to use the bathroom.	1
Harry once ran through a train station with only his boxers on!	1
As the younger brother Gonzalo could not expect much in the way of inherited wealth or titles, and of his two options – the church or the military – he chose the latter.	0
A Slowbro can run up to speeds of 43 mph.	1
In all of the Star Trek movies and tv series, the phrase "Beam me up Scotty" has never actually been said.	1
Qualification: First 4 in each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) advance to the semifinals.	0
It is now dead and it may be seen stuffed in Mr. Rothschild's	0
Lardon is a small strip or cube of pork fat (usually subcutaneous fat) used in a wide variety of cuisines to flavor savory foods and salads.	0
A host device that relied on C_SIZE rather than the specification to determine the card's maximum capacity might support such a card, but the card might fail in other SDHC-compatible host devices.	0
The 89th and 90th numbers of pi is 25.	1
Leopards can hear five times better that us humans.	0
Each team could name a squad of 23 players.	0
The environment was, however, often described as microgravity.	0
The BVI based company was placed into liquidation on 14 June 2010 and its assets put up for sale.	0
2000 FINA Diving World Cup – 3m springboard 2nd (22 years old)	0
In 2011, Ho Eng Hui managed to pierce 4 coconuts in 12.15 seconds in Milan to set a world record.	1
Her teachers convinced her to audition for the role, but she actually had to audition seven times before being cast at last as Hermione.	1
The term “Friday’s Syndrome” and the term “Friday Feeling” refer to Friday often being the last day of the working week for people and therefore people feeling more relaxed and easy going on a Friday.	1
They are also well developed in the regions of valuable cuts - the back, loin, and hind quarters or round.	0
A group of kangaroos is called a mob	1
Bart is left-handed, like Matt Groening.	1
Ingham County's first downtown courthouse was built in 1843, and was replaced in 1858, and then again in 1905.	0
The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter is sometimes used to represent Thursday.	1
These include the Liquefactionists, the Senders, the Factualists, and the Divisionists (who occupy "a midway position").	0
Negotiations lasted until 1963, when France's President Charles de Gaulle vetoed the British entry into the Common Market.	0
Daily routes include Rawalpindi, Islamabad, Lahore, Gujrat, Gujranwala, Sialkot, Mandi Bahauddin, Sargodha, Chakwal, Mirpur and Faisalabad.	0
He claimed Saunière obtained his wealth from the Habsburgs in return for parchments containing "politico-genealogical secrets" about the descent of Louis XVII.	0
Archived from the original on July 3, 2012.	0
He describes the miracles of Mary and explains specific local customs and usages on Marian feast days.	0
And He will take great pity upon you compassionately.	0
Olly Alexander started a relationship with Neil Milan Amin-Smith, the violinist from Clean Bandit, while on tour in 2014.	1
NASA’s slogan is “To explore the Universe and search for life; to inspire the next generation of explorers, as only NASA can”.	1
However, together, with the sales of the remakes, Dragon Quest III is the most successful title in the series and one of the best selling role-playing games in Japan.	0
Jennifer Lopez was the first actress to have a movie and an album hit number one in the same week.	1
Becky G was also featured on Ke$ha’s 2012 remix to her own song Die Young.	1
He began dating his co-star Anna Paquin (Sookie Stackhouse) since the filming for True Blood began.	1
where \Lambda is the invariant latitude and L is the L-shell describing the magnetic field line in question.	0
File:Poitiers, Cathédrale Saint-Pierre -PM 34985 lighter.JPG|A rare and remarkable survival, of "unforgettable beauty", the very large Crucifixion window of Poitiers Cathedral, France.	0
2002 Best Girl-Girl Sex Scene for No Man's Land 33	0
In October 1827, a badly decomposed body washed up on the shores of Lake Ontario.	0
More than a third of all sick leave is taken on a Monday, researchers found.	1
Despite the amount of noise a new-born baby makes, they can’t actually produce tears when they cry: their tear ducts don’t start working until they are between 4 – 13 weeks old.	1
Charlie attended the Rumson-Fair Haven Regional High School, and graduated in 2010.	1
1970 - Dylan Keefe, American bass player (Marcy Playground)	0
| Geauga Lake park was purchased by Premier Parks in 1995 prior to its purchase of the entire Six Flags chain.	0
As distinct from the portals of the churches, the only western entrance is built as a rectangular opening with a niche framed with bunches of small columns and an arch.	0
The technology is one of two types of whole body imaging technologies that have been used to perform full-body scans of airline passengers to detect hidden weapons, tools, liquids, narcotics, currency, and other contraband.	0
Bulgani - A tribe of gorillas.	0
When signing up to iTunes, if you accept their Terms &amp; Conditions, you agree to not use it to make nuclear weapons.	1
At the center of this cataclysm was one man, Metacom, leader of the Pokanokets, a tribe within the Wampanoag Indian Federation.	0
Ry Cooder – Vocals, Guitars, Bass guitar, Mandolin, Electric piano, Producer, Package Design, Laud	0
The visitors' gallery was closed until a glass barrier could be installed, to prevent similar incidents.	0
There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet within our solar system.	1
Louis got suspended from school and had to retake year 12.	1
Brontology is the study of thunder	1
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
In early 2016, Shawn made the Forbes ‘30 under 30: Music‘ list at the age of only 17.	1
No music video was filmed for promotion of "Nothing Fails".	0
Triangle wave or sawtooth oscillators are used in the timebase circuits that generate the horizontal deflection signals for cathode ray tubes in analogue oscilloscopes and television sets.	0
Light Heavyweight Championship bout: Chuck Liddell (c) vs. Quinton Jackson	0
are maintained in high risk areas.	0
China's State Environmental Protection Administration (SEPA) used the legislation to halt 30 projects in 2004, including three hydro-power plants under the Three Gorges Project Company.	0
Nelsan Ellis was born 30th November 1978, which makes his star sign Sagittarius.	1
For (generally pinyin u, or o before ng):	0
Zayn has one older sister and two younger sisters called Doniya, Waliyha and Safaa.	1
According to his Twitter profile, he is never satisfied with the way his hair looks.	1
A cub can take up to two-and-a-half years to separate from its mother.	1
1363 - Baptistry of Pisa, Italy completed.	0
Fay, Laurel E. Shostakovich: A Life (Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press, 2000).	0
Roughly 1% of men and 8% of women in the UK can't ride a bike.	1
The Courland Monument near Courland Bay commemorates the Duchy's settlements.	0
The original Fawcett Publications building, which remained standing in Robbinsdale for decades, was torn down during the mid-1990s.	0
Cameron used to have braces when he was younger.	1
Cadburys Crunchie bars (aka honeycomb / cinder candy) are cut up using a highly focused jet of oil.	1
Misuse of Substances (drugs and alcohol) (Ireland)	0
Oduro started his playing career in Ghana, playing for both Prempeh College and the University of Ghana before transferring to Virginia Commonwealth University in 2004.	0
Since Pokémon Yellow, Zapdos was given an extra toe pointing forward on each foot, giving it three.	1
The website of the University of Central Lancashire library has a great deal of information on Joseph Livesey and the Temperance Movement in Preston.	0
A cow has one stomach containing four digestive compartments: the rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum.	1
Chocolate was consumed not as a solid but as a liquid for 90% of its history.	1
These include: "I Love You More", sampled by house music-act Daft Punk for their hit "Digital Love"; "Guilty", sampled by electronica music artist Mylo in his song "Guilty of Love" on Destroy Rock &amp; Roll.	0
The Bhils of the region sing Heeda, anecdotal songs to the cattle, while the women sing the Chandrawali song, associated with Krishna's romance.	0
In 2006 the top three ISPs stated that they did not discriminate between peer-to-peer internet activity and normal internet activity.	0
He enjoys the work of Robert Duvall.	1
Not all experiments have confirmed the hypothesis;	0
Without the resources to pay for rebuilding, the Chartreuse de Chalais lost its autonomy and became a subsidiary of the Grande Chartreuse convent.	0
Years later when S&amp;T Daewoo K11 dual-barrel air-burst weapon, which uses 5.56x45mm NATO and 20x30mm air-burst grenade, was developed, the Republic of Korea Armed Forces planned to replace entire K2 with K11, making K11 the standard service rifle for the armed forces.	0
He is known as the ‘funny one’ in Union J.	1
3 in the 2003 edition of the same list), and he was ranked No.	0
Piero (also Perino, Pietro) Tomacelli came of an ancient but impoverished baronial family of Casarano in the Kingdom of Naples.	0
The name Halloween is first attested in the 16th century as a Scottish shortening of the fuller All-Hallows-Eve, first = John and according to some historians it has its roots in the gaelic festival Samhain, where the Gaels believed the border between this world and the otherworld became thin, and the dead would revisit the mortal world.	0
Alan Scott forged his own power ring from a lantern that contained an extra-terrestrial mystical power, unlike the other Green Lantern Corps members who were chosen by their power rings.	1
For a full list, see List of light flyweight boxing champions	0
He didn’t like the fact that he was the oldest member in 1D.	1
An average male can grow up to 6ft in length (from snout to tail) and weigh in at 100kg.	1
Sarugee Daizenshuu in Japan, is a game for the PlayStation Portable system that consists of a collection of 45 mini-games, many of which borrow from elements of Ape Escape 2.	0
Its AOR consists of all the three Districts, namely Kathmandu, Lalitpur and Bhaktapur of the Kathmandu Valley.	0
In 2000, the FIFA 2001 game used Scratch &amp; Sniff technology on their discs; it had the scent of a football stadium turf on the disc.	1
At this time and under the authority of Manuel Camacho Solís, evictions were issued to the dwellers of Romita and other neighborhoods.	0
The world’s smallest dog, the Chihuahua is named after a Mexican state!	1
It is among the district’s oldest populated centres.	0
However, after a perceived "healthy" first season, the second season premiere was watched by an estimated 7.817 million viewers.	0
David Banner's successes also include writing, producing, and arranging — with guidance from Jimmy Smith and The G Team at TBWA\Chiat\Day — the non-hip hop Gatorade theme song "Evolve", performed by vocalist Kermit Quinn, for Gatorade's G Series of products in 2010.	0
She has dated frenemies, Ogden Wernstrom and Professor Farnsworth.	1
Niall hates it when a girl is too afraid to eat in front of him.	1
Following the Meiji Restoration, after a brief period in prison, he was released due to a favor he had once done for Itagaki Taisuke, and was hired by the new Meiji government as an infantry warfare instructor for the Tosa Domain.	0
Railway Freiburg - Basel passes through city	0
In February 2013 it was announced that Paul Giamatti will play the Rhino and Chris Cooper will play Norman Osborn.	0
The town contains the official residence of the President of Iceland, Bessastaðir.	0
It's 'fog' if visibility is less than 1km, 'mist' if it's more.	1
Stung by this embarrassing error, he keeps his deductions to himself for the remainder of the case.	0
Around ten HAWK batteries, at least two 175mm artillery batteries, an electronic jamming center at Umm Khashib, and various radar stations were destroyed.	0
A remastered version was released in 2006 by Spinefarm Records.	0
Tristan admitted he would love to date Demi Lovato, he calls her “a goddess”.	1
There is a town in India called Santa Claus.	1
Famous country singer, Dolly Parton is Miley’s godmother.	1
^ a b c "Mountain Lions in California".	0
The source control management system Git uses SHA-1 not for security but for ensuring that the data has not changed due to accidental corruption.	0
Mountain Lions Prey A Mountain Lion hunts at dawn and dusk.	1
Salafi and other Islamists believe Sufi tombs are unIslamic and have sometimes sabotaged or vandalized tombs and moulids.	0
Also, buses from Ramnaad and Rameshwaram towards Tuticorin, Thiruchendur, Kanniyakumari halt at Erwadi generating some amount of revenue.	0
While at Thisted FC, Grønkjær made his debut for the Danish youth national teams in October 1992.	0
Przemysław Trytko (born 28 August 1987 in Opole) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Korona Kielce.	0
Nike, Inc., major U.S. manufacturer of athletic shoes, apparel, and sports equipment	0
There are over 600 windows on the Empire State Building	1
430February 15, 2009The family rush into the living room to discover that the couch is missing.	0
It contains twelve paintings by Hendrich with scenes from Der Ring des Nibelungen.	0
The Choctaw (alternatively spelled Chahta, Chactas, Tchakta, Chocktaw, and Chactaw) are Native American people originally from the Southeastern United States (modern-day Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, and Louisiana).	0
Forgotten, the arch became the entrance to the courthouse in the 16th century and was later integrated into the wall of a stable, gradually buried, and finally rescued in 1821.	0
There are several brooks throughout the town, all of which lead to Cape Cod Bay.	0
It declares cinema to be its own independent art form that should not borrow from literature or stage.	0
Raw Footage (Short) (2007) - Carlyle	0
Nash Grier joined Twitter on 18th June 2011, his first tweet was “Ive decided to be an official tweeter…”	1
Important open problems exist in all scientific fields.	0
Olga Zaytseva ( ; born November 10, 1984) is a Russian sprint athlete.	0
Let our soldiers be paid, let the credit of the Government be once again re-established, let the rate of interest be kept down, and let the Treasury reassert its independence, and all will yet go well...	0
Berlin; London : Springer, 143–172.	0
As of December 2010, South pars gas field's production capacity stands at of natural gas per day.	0
Out of all these types, there is only one that can’t fly, called the Kakapo parrot.	1
Astrologically, Algol is considered one of the unluckiest stars in the sky, and was listed as one of the 15 Behenian stars.	0
Several years later when Gardiner was imprisoned during the reign of King Edward VI, she is quoted as saying, "It was merry with the lambs when the wolf was shut up."	0
"Black Jettas" (LP) (June 19, 2003)	0
Aymer died in Limoges on 16 June 1202.	0
Allan Holdsworth (born 6 August 1946) is an English guitarist and composer.	0
1980es "Sonatas for Piano, Violin, Cello" by Richard Strauss (Adda Records)	0
The village is referenced in James Joyce's short story The Dead.	0
According to some reports, BG quit after being unable to conclude an agreement to supply gas to the Israel Electric Company.	0
JLS have had two TV shows, the first was an hour-long documentary called JLS Revealed, which first aired on 7 November 2009 in the UK.	1
One single seagull has been mooching food off of guests there for the last 20 years.	0
Maurizio Bianchi (December 4, 1955 in Pomponesco in the Province of Mantua) is an Italian pioneer of Industrial music, originating from Milan.	0
You can’t read in a dream because reading and dreaming are functions of different sides of the brain, which don’t cooperate while dreams!	1
If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale!	1
Another short win over a noted grandmaster.	0
Harry Truman: The University of Missouri’s mascot is Truman the Tiger, named after Harry Truman.	1
Andorra is run by two co-princes: the president of France and the Bishop of Urgell.	1
The Nezu Museum in Aoyama, in central Tokyo, possesses a pair of National Treasure screens painted by Ogata Korin, "Irises", the most famous depiction of kakitsubata in art.	0
1980 - Autumn Reeser, American actress	0
Seven of the nine surviving manuscripts and fragments now reside in the British Library.	0
Even though he has since been incredibly successful on television, he says that acting on Broadway in classic plays has been one of his greatest dreams fulfilled.	1
During her exile from Henry's life, Katharine lived in one of the country manors in Ampthill Castle, near St. Albans.	0
Dumbo was the first Disney animated feature set in America.	1
The other duck species nest abundantly in the numerous islands of the lake and the surrounding marshlands.	0
The town has a retirement community called Four Mile Village which sits adjacent to Four Mile Pond.	0
As of June 2009, the International Monetary Fund held 3,217 tonnes (103.4 million troy ounces) of gold, which had been constant for several years.	0
There were 26–42 cougars estimated after wolf establishment (1998–2005).	1
Yemen is divided into twenty governorates (muhafazah) and one municipality (amanah ):	0
It is now believed that Landis has retired from acting and has taken up skateboarding.	0
1971 Niemen – aka "Człowiek jam niewdzięczny" or "Czerwony Album" ("Ungrateful Human I Am" or "Red Album")	0
The project began in 1984, centered around home recordings and informal studio projects by Humbert, mostly solo.	0
MIFF – ImageMagick's native file format	0
The famous astronomer, Carl Sagan, the actor Martin Sheen, and the singer-actor, Kris Kristofferson, have all been notable figures who were at one point arrested for their anti-nuclear demonstration against the Nevada Test Site, which was held in Las Vegas.	1
He found his real father many years later, who was a con man, and conned him out of a kidney.	1
By a further act of 1541—which was not repealed until 1845—artificers, labourers, apprentices, servants and the like were forbidden to play bowls at any time except Christmas, and then only in their master's house and presence.	0
Although an automatically generated index lacks the richness of a published concordance, the ability to combine the result of queries concerning multiple terms (such as searching for words near other words) has reduced interest in concordance publishing.	0
Depressed people are likely to get colds more often while happy and energetic individuals get sick less often.	1
17April 20@ OriolesL 1–6Chen (1–2)Beckett (0–3)Hunter (1)42,3487–10	0
If shielded against solar UV, spores of B. subtilis were capable of surviving in space for up to 6 years, especially if embedded in clay or meteorite powder (artificial meteorites).	0
Although he became famous through his lip syncing, fans heard his real vocals when he covered John Legend’s hit ‘All of Me’.	1
The leaves are 1 to 12 cm long and 1 to 9 mm wide.	0
In acute cases in cattle blood transfusion may be carried out.	0
In the United States post office mailboxes are typically blue.	1
From the resignation of President Rafiq Tarar in 2001, to his own resignation in 2008, Musharraf was the President of Pakistan.	0
Coca-Cola was created by pharmacists to cure headaches.	1
The real art is making people happy, but also asking questions about society."	0
Francesco Federico, former head of the airport, and Sandro Gualano, former head of the air traffic control agency, received sentences of six and a half years.	0
The Research Information Service System (RISS) is an academic information sharing service with a cooperative network among university libraries and related institutions that provides access to source information and full texts of journal articles and dissertations both in Korea and abroad.	0
During the aggressive model scenario, the adult would begin by playing with the toys for approximately one minute.	0
As a pair skater, he won the silver medal at the 1922 Canadian Championships and the bronze medal at the 1923 Canadian Championships with partner Cecil Smith.	0
((2)) during the season, the winner of each confrontation return received 2 bonus points.	0
See University of Edinburgh Library Special Collections Division: Robert Jameson's Papers; Sources of Biographical History are derived from the University of Edinburgh webpages .	0
The others (coal and petroleum sectors) received the names of famous British citizens, with an emphasis on those whose contribution had been to science and engineering.	0
The GamePad can also be used to see things from a traditional third person angle and explore tighter environments better, such as indoors.	0
Garnier Frères, , t. I, « Notice » from Garnier, p.	0
2008.10.24 - Wonder Girls 15th - Nobody 4th	0
A panda’s throat has a special lining of mucus to protect it from bamboo splinters!	1
The new form of the attraction opened one year later as Astro Orbitor.	0
Altaf Hussain Chief and founder of Pakistan's MQM Party.	0
She has four entries in the Guinness World Records.	1
One bull for each twenty to thirty cows is usually recommended.	1
Your body craves sugary, salty and fatty foods when you're under a lot of stress.	1
East Timor competed in the first Lusophony Games and, in October 2008, the country earned its first international points in a FIFA soccer match with a 2–2 draw against Cambodia.	0
Instead of performing, the band allowed their instruments to feedback for 14 minutes.	0
It is financially funded and subsidized by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research and supports students with outstanding academical and political achievements.	0
Lemurs mature at two years, but a lot of the babies don’t live to be that old.	1
In 1980, he starred in and directed The Gong Show Movie.	0
3.24 September 1980Nepstadion, Budapest, Hungary 0–12–2Friendly	0
Nineteen minutes after ‘Yours Truly’ was released; the album went to number 1 on the iTunes Store charts in over 30 countries, including the United States.	1
He donated $5 million to rebuild homes in New Orleans, after Hurricane Katrina.	1
Saint Lucia attracts around 350,000 tourists per year, and has a booming fishing industry which benefits the locals.	1
The region was retaken by the Croatian Army in August 1995 during Operation Storm, which ended the Croatian war.	0
For these reasons and others, it stands to say that wildlife experts in India are concerned about the future vitality of the country’s leopard population.	0
In his brother's absence (in Italy until 1803) he took on overseeing the construction of buildings for a museum-school, completed in 1804, in a picturesque Italian-inspired architectural style.	0
Among all the animals on the set of the film, the largest animal that was bought was a Hippopotamus.	1
mentioned in historical records as far back as the Roman times.	0
There is a version of Red Bull that is only available to Formula 1 VIPs.	1
9th – Marc Mohan, The Oregonian	0
Miles Aiken (born December 27, 1941) is a 6' 6" (1.98 m) American former professional basketball player, coach of the British Olympic basketball team, and sportscaster of basketball and American football.	0
Water from Snag Lake to the south flows through the porous lava field to Butte Lake.	0
The driving principle behind ORT is the program's capacity to facilitate a resumption of stability in the user's life, while they experience reduced symptoms of withdrawal symptoms and less intense drug cravings; however, a strong euphoric effect is not experienced as a result of the treatment drug.	0
In 2003 he became infamous for the role of Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean: Curse of the Black Pearl.	1
He always carries a hair brush with him.	1
Tino Wong - Three Provinces Champ	0
He studied at the Royal Music Conservatory in Brussels, and later flute and conducting at the Hochschule für Musik, Vienna.	0
Smoking can cause your nipples to fall off.	1
During their following tours that year, Smith would often leave the stage with tears in his eyes, due to his persona and depth of the songs.	1
Zubin Potok or Zubin Potoku ( ; ) is a town and municipality in the Kosovska Mitrovica district of northern Kosovo.	0
The first spacecraft to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.	1
Author Breyten Breytenbach, visiting professor in the Graduate School of Humanities from January 2000.	0
The Queen’s speech was first broadcast in 1957.	1
The bas-relief was sculpted by Carl Paul Jennewein.	0
Her only siblings are her two older sisters who are at least 15 years older than she is.	1
/l/ is not included in the Satawalese phoneme inventory but is a part of similar languages close in proximity.	0
There are some reports from T-Mobile USA users experiencing their handsets being unstable and randomly rebooting.	0
Giant pandas have 42 teeth, and like humans, they also have 2 set of teeth during their lifetime!	1
She was also named to the squad presenting the USA in 1982.	0
The region has been inhabited since the Paleolithic age and was occupied by the Gauls.	0
India has the most post offices than any other country (over 100,000)	1
The cubies do not include fixed center pieces, the central axis to which they are attached, or any other internal pieces (Such as the internal edges of a 4x4 or 2x2).	0
Daxecker, Franz; Christoph Scheiners Geburtsort und Geburtsjahr, Sammelblatt des Historischen Vereins Ingolstadt 107, 1998, 118–122.	0
At age 10, he lost his mother, and at age 19, his father.	0
The word “flamingo” originates from the Latin word meaning “flame”.	1
Using a hands-free device to talk on the phone while driving is shown to be equally or more dangerous than driving drunk.	1
The G8 was also included in the process, this being a means of including Japan in the negotiations.	0
Jubilee Medal &quot;30 Years of the Soviet Army and Navy&quot;	0
Retired Argentine football (soccer) player, Diego Maradona, has his own religion created by his fans.	1
The Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ALMA) is a large radio telescope interferometer under construction at Llano de Chajnantor.	0
Emma has even gone off to the Canadian Rockies to attend a silent meditation retreat.	1
Édouard-Alfred Martel, a pioneer of cave exploration	0
If you were to look up at the sky on Mercury, the Sun would appear to be twice the size then here on Earth.	1
1938Muff Wilson John Bromwich (1/4)Simone Mathieu (2/2) Dragutin MitićAlice Marble (3/7) Don Budge (3/4)Alice Marble (4/7) Don Budge (4/4)	0
Both appear to possess superior skills to that of their counterparts (Sherlock Holmes/Hercule Poirot) but they are both nonetheless incapable of performing similar detective work since they are both unwilling to put in the physical effort necessary to bring cases to their conclusions.	0
Πολλὰ τὰ καλοκαιρινὰ πρωινὰ νὰ εἶναι	0
The disputed territories once again became part of France after World War I and Schlettstadt joined that country's football competition in 1920 as Sportclub Sélestat in the regional top-flight Division d'Honneur Alsace.	0
The Game Boy Light, a Japanese-only release, had a built-in backlit screen allowing people to play in low light conditions, an insane concept for those used to the original, that needed the add-on clip light when it got even slightly dark.	1
Boogert, Loek, André Lehr, and Jacques Maassen.	0
Images of Oliva with the lifeboat rails empty can be seen at the Tristan da Cunha .	0
Paula Abdul choreographed Tom Hanks in the giant keyboard scene in the movie Big	1
It was premiered in a coupling with songs of Alma Mahler by mezzo-soprano Kate Lindsey in 2011.	0
The only continent without reptiles or snakes is Antarctica	1
Kradolf-Schönenberg has a population ( ) of , 19.3% of the population are foreign nationals.	0
The JLS condom range is sold to over 16’s only throughout the UK.	1
Its distinguishing marks are two disused Flak towers built towards the end of the Second World War.	0
Antoine de Pluvinel left for Italy at the age of 10 or seventeen to begin studying horsemanship under Giovanni Battista Pignatelli, and trained under him until 1571 or 1572.	0
You’re not afraid to fall in love, you’re just afraid of falling for the wrong person.	1
Cher Lloyd won the title of “Best solo female artist” in 2008 at the Pop Idol’s competition in Worcestershire.	1
This red, angry-looking variety of ant is one of the largest and most aggressive species of ants on the planet.	1
"Brass in Pocket" (James Honeyman-Scott/Chrissie Hynde) – 3:06	0
Cameron Dallas is 5′ 9″ tall (1.75 meters).	1
A shepherd named Smith thought that he had found gold near the Ovens River in 1844, and reported the matter to Charles La Trobe, who advised him to say nothing about it.	0
Commemorative stamps first appeared in 1929, and these now appear several times a year, celebrating many aspects of Irish life, such as notable events and anniversaries, Irish life and culture, and many famous Irish people.	0
In 2013, Radcliffe won the WhatsOnStage award for Best Actor in a Play after playing the lead role in The Cripple of Inishmaan.	1
There are more than 500 species of carnivorous plants.	0
Every time we see a vehicle door open with Rick inside, empty beer cans and bottles either come pouring out or can be heard rattling around.	1
Dany Roussin is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Saint Georges COOL-FM of the LNAH..	0
Between World War I and World War II, all costs of mobilization and demobilization as well as other costs for the theatre companies from France to Saigon were paid by the municipal government.	0
Reichsarbeitsdienst (RAD; Reich Labour Service) - Solution to the unemployment crisis the Nazis inherited.	0
The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.	1
"Share Alike" (1953) with Joe E. Dean	0
Cassin's finch (Haemorhous cassinii) is a bird in the finch family Fringillidae.	0
Wallace did however pick up his first silverware at the end of the season, coming on as a second-half susbtitute for Stephen Pearson in Celtic's 3–1 win over Dunfermline in the Scottish Cup Final.	0
She drives a black Chevrolet Corvette.	1
He is summoned from fire and can melt ice (which in turn can be used to summon Dytto).	0
Generation after generation people here were miller by trade.	0
In Madrid, Lucía worked as a photo editor but quickly had to relocated again after being recognized as an anarchist partisan.	0
Svenska Mästerskapet was a Swedish football cup held to decide the Swedish Champions between 1896 and 1925.	0
Harry and Samuel James Kitson the next oldest brother were both associated with Ellin &amp; Kitson doing sculptural work.	0
At the end of that season Then coach Enrique Meza resigned his job.	0
The most popular snack food is potato chips	1
SC Geislingen is a German association football club from the city of Geislingen, Baden-Württemberg established 31 May 1900.	0
Although both had friends in it, the members thought Churchill and Smith too controversial.	0
When Morgan died c1208, he was succeeded by his son Lleison.	0
Firstly, they form a differential graded algebra as follows:	0
Grant Mitchell as Ernest W. Stanley	0
The fear of chickens is called Alektorophobia.	1
Ariana’s parents moved from New York to Florida just before she was born.	1
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command	0
He once played an April Fools’ joke on his fans by announcing that he was going to quit Magcon.	1
Designing a competency-based human resources organization.	0
Brad tore his Achilles tendon, whilst playing the role of Achilles, in Troy.	1
A long-time friend and close collaborator of Václav Havel, he served for two years as Havel's chancellor (from July 1990 to July 1992) during Havel's tenure as president.	0
The inner edge of the facial disk is also white.	0
She is named after the famous Tejano singer Selena.	1
In 1946, 16 companies were acquired in order to supplement Japan Telegraphic's advertising business.	0
"Fljót" (written as "fljóts" when it's in genitive case) means "river" and "hlíð" means "slope", which refers to its location north of one of the major rivers in Iceland.	0
"Leopard shot in Bilaspur turns out to be a record breaker".	0
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom!	1
Dariusz Wosz (born 8 June 1969 in Piekary Śląskie, Silesia, Poland) is a German former footballer who played mostly as a playmaker.	0
In this way we came at last to the moor of Shao-yuan: There, with the other blessed ones, were Red Pine and Wang Qiao.	0
Rosser was born on a farm called "Catalpa Hill", in Campbell County, Virginia, the son of John and Martha Melvina (Johnson) Rosser.	0
He is the cousin of wrestlers Joel and Jose Maximo and Rosita.	0
It has five retractable claws on its forepaws (one a dewclaw) and four on its hind paws.	0
The gifts are related to both seemingly "natural" abilities and seemingly more "miraculous" abilities, but all spiritual gifts are empowered by the Holy Spirit.	0
there were 99 apartments in the municipality.	0
As Yeşilçam, the Turkish studio system, a handful of directors, including Atıf Yılmaz, began to use cinema as a means of addressing the problems of the people.	0
The area continued to attract new residents as forests were turned into subdivisions.	0
Recent work has demonstrated an important link between intermediates of the citric acid cycle and the regulation of hypoxia-inducible factors (HIF).	0
A man called Michael Nicholson enrolled in school for 55 years straight, earning 30 degrees.	1
Located in the major port city of Ostia, this open-air market was essential for Rome as a place of varying and exotic goods from foreign lands.	0
00016.56 = 10.3 miles 16.6 km	0
In the 1992-93 NHL season his 88 points were the second highest season total of his career, and his 15 playoff points helped the Canadiens win the Stanley Cup in 1993.	0
Lovejoy was born at his grandfather's frontier farmhouse near Albion, Maine, as the first of the nine children of Elizabeth (Pattee) and Reverend Daniel Lovejoy.	0
In addition, since traditional budgetary practices at most universities channel resources through the disciplines, it becomes difficult to account for a given scholar or teacher's salary and time.	0
“Schnapsidee” is the German word for a ridiculous idea that only sounds good when you’re drunk.	1
He preferred to find new routes and make exploratory climbs.	0
To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.	1
Plans for the abbey were classic with construction respecting the style of other Cistercian buildings.	0
He was called up for the Danish national team once more, and played his second national team game in April 2004.	0
Liquid nitrogen boils at 77 kelvin (−196 °C, −321 °F)!	1
Last updated: 20 May 2009 Source:	0
There are no swans living in Africa or Antarctica.	1
The identity of "Elsa" has caused confusion.	0
Edgar Mitchell, the sixth person to walk on the moon, claims that "aliens have contacted humans several times."	1
A second test was made by Crossfield in October.	0
While OMFI is a regional organization, SMFI operates only in the Sidama Zone; SMFI has 2,365 active clients and has loaned 5.5 million Birr to woreda inhabitants, while OMFI has 1,547 active clients and has made about 4.1 million Birr in loans.	0
It was a small-sized relic resembling a seal.	0
Ants have the longest lifespan of any insect – 30 years!	1
The Ottoman Sultan gave Makarije the same rights as the Patriarch of Constantinople.	0
.45 caliber cylinders were slightly longer to prevent accidental insertion into a .44 frame.	0
The fruits feature a fleshy and thick pericarp.	0
Microsoft has acquired an impressive 190+ companies in its life span to date including Nokia which was purchased for almost $8 billion in 2014!	1
Half of all crimes are committed by people under the age of 18	1
a popular name for boys among the Shona peoples	0
Demand was high for black gospel recordings of the song by H. R. Tomlin and J. M. Gates.	0
Rifat Karlova is the first foreign artist who nominated and won the best travel host award in Golden Bell Awards history in Taiwan.	0
Cinnamon, according to Chinese medicine can be used as a way of treating a wide range of ailments including nausea and colds.	1
Q = Qualified for the next round	0
Her celebrity crush is Michael Vartan.	1
The Glossosomatoidea are a superfamily of the class Insecta and order Trichoptera.	0
In the early years, Selim Al-Deen wanted to be a poet and published some of poems he composed.	0
Paint is a pigmented liquid or paste used to apply color to a surface, often by artists.	0
He auditioned for The X Factor in 2007, however failed to get past the first round.	1
As well as acting, Karven markets her own line of baby products and a maternity clothing range called "Bellybutton".	0
ITC had no studios of its own.	0
Puberty and High Pregnancy Rates are an inheritable trait of	0
Even in the era of reform, movies such as Dadu River (1979), depicting the event, did not touch the subject.	0
Shawn’s first ever concert was on 26th October 2013.	1
The World Urban Forum is an international conference dedicated to urban issues, organized by UN-Habitat.	0
In addition to the core Fourteenth Air Force (14AF) structure, a second group, the Chinese-American Composite Wing, existed as a combined 1st Bomber, 3rd Fighter, and 5th Fighter Group with pilots from both the United States and the Republic of China.	0
This, however, does not prohibit them from openly claiming their origins.	0
"Stink Fest Brings Big Crowds to the Huntington's West End".	0
The fortune cookie was invented in San Francisco	1
There are over one billion users on YouTube, which is nearly one-third of everyone on the Internet.	1
Watch out: foxes can run up to 45 miles per hour (72 km/hour), making them one of the fastest animals in the world!	1
The lake's water level drops during the rainy season and rises when the monsoon rains have ceased.	0
If a Google employee dies, their spouse gets half of their salary for 10 years.	1
Early European exploration and Spanish conquest attempts (1520–1584)	0
When he first read the Harry Potter books, he didn’t like them; however, he finished reading them all after being offered the title role.	1
This was initially assigned to 254 No and later reassigned to 252 No, resulting from reaction with the 244 Cm component in the target.	0
Jurassic Park was re-released in 3D on April 5, 2013.	0
His favourite color is baby blue.	1
SpongeBob owns a KrusyKrab play set with action figures and accessories.	1
Ou pour cacher ses pleurs, s'est voilé le visage.	0
The electrical equipment comes from ABB.	0
^ Roosevelt, Theodore (1914).	0
1968 - Megas I (Megas), reprinted in 1973.	0
Acting isn’t the only thing he’s good at – in his spare time, Garcia likes doing stand-up comedy, including using his jokes to raise money for charities at benefit concerts.	1
It gained this distinction in 1992 after a survey of urban centres in various countries carried out by the United Nations (source: Embassy of Brazil in the UK).	0
Francis Russell, 9th Duke of Bedford 1819–18911880	0
According to Cobb and Daly’s calculations the external effects of production and the inequity of income distribution are the main reasons for this development in which an increase in production does not necessarily lead to an increase in welfare.	0
The Empire State building gets hit by lightning about 23 times per year.	1
Saturn’s largest moon, Titan, is the only moon in the Solar System to possess an atmosphere.	1
In Scandinavia, the holly is known as Christ Thorn.	1
Ninetales was misspelled as “Ninetails” in the Pokémon Trading Card Game for the Game Boy Color.	1
For the most part, the climate is transcontinental, but at higher altitudes it is mountainous.	0
At Five in the Afternoon (Panj é asr)	0
His first Vine was uploaded on 21st May 2013.	1
No matter how many times you try, it’s impossible to sneeze and keep your eyes open at the same time.	1
The players are chosen from a round robin tournament in the spring usually in Pennsylvania.	0
1914-1917 Klaas van Sevenhoven (ARP) (previously of Stedum, subsequently of Onstwedde)	0
Mistletoe was often used as a symbol of peace, and was pictured on the front of postcards which were sent to soldiers during the Great War.	1
John Daly's playoff win over Italian Costantino Rocca began another era of American domination.	0
Dogs have sweat glands in between their paws.	1
According to scientists, the weight of the average cumulus cloud is 1.1 million pounds.	1
Early in his life, he evaluated patents for electromagnetic devices in a patent office.	1
Its sites were discovered and named by the Soviet archaeologist Viktor Sarianidi (1976).	0
These are the four Galilean moons, which are comparable in size to Earth's Moon.	0
They prefer shallow, murky water in a warm climate.	0
Winner1978US OpenRobert LutzMarty Riessen Sherwood Stewart1–6, 7–5, 6–3	0
September 7 - Julio Abbadie, Uruguayan international footballer	0
Co-star Norman Rossington holds a unique place in music/film history as being the only actor to have appeared with Elvis and the Beatles (A Hard Day's Night).	0
One of his favourite TV shows is Family Guy – can’t blame him!	1
It was considered immoral by the Jews and caused a major religious scandal in Judaea.	0
For instance, the love scene between Helen and Paris was reframed to include more nudity of Diane Kruger.	0
The deluxe edition includes bonus video from the Shepperton rehearsals and news footage from the BBC.	0
Tiger Woods' real first name is Eldrick	1
Oscar Wilde's novel, The Picture of Dorian Gray, mentions "What to imperial Neronian Rome the author of the Satyricon once had been."	0
Milk from about 500 km 2 of nearby countryside was destroyed (diluted a thousandfold and dumped in the Irish Sea) for about a month.	0
Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010.	1
Petrini subsequently published another book entitled 'Il calciatore suicidato' (The Footballer Killed Himself), where he personally investigated the mysterious death of Donato Bergamini, a player for Cosenza, who was found dead in 1989 on Route 106 near Roseto Capo Spulico.	0
yearlings, excellent pasture fed for popular restaurant	0
During recent years prices have gone up, in part to finance new trains.	0
1988 - Down on the Pleasure Avenue	0
The 220 hits led the majors, and was both a personal and a team record.	0
The first stone was laid by the bishop of Marseille, Monseigneur de Mazenod on September 11, 1853.	0
Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, a large city on the border with the United States	0
The sources do not indicate the exact date.	0
It has the third largest economy of Brazil, with the largest being that of the state of São Paulo, and the second being that of Minas Gerais.	0
The standard for film projection in the cinema is at 24 frames per second.	1
For 2008 the team entered a cooperation with Aston Martin Racing and Prodrive, running a new Lola B08/60 coupe in the Le Mans Series and the 24 Hours of Le Mans.	0
"The Name of the Game" was not as successful as ABBA's previous singles since 1975.	0
A koala mostly eats eucalyptus leaves and hardly drinks any water.	1
It is available via digital cable, IPTV and satellite television platforms.	0
Like all young Venetian aristocrats, he began a promising cursus honorum (having significant physical and intellectual gifts) that saw him elected to the Collegio dei Savi, but he suddenly cut this career short.	0
Of the rest of the households, there are 3,885 married couples without children, 4,236 married couples with children There were 594 single parents with a child or children.	0
Come while you still have the place to yourself.Local Flavor: Pickled Wrinkles at The Pickled Wrinkle, Birch Harbor.	0
Meine Tochter lebt in Wien (1940)	0
Ali Thomson - Composer, Engineer, Keyboards, Mixing, Producer, Programming, Vocals (Background)	0
Modellers model mainly US, British and European prototypes because for a long time the Australian market had no N scale models of local prototype.	0
The racial makeup of the city was 97.54% White, 2.05% African American and 0.41% Native American.	0
As of the 2000 census, there were 117,755 people, 43,893 households, and 30,768 families residing in the county.	0
He lives and works in Brighton, England, United Kingdom.	1
Where coals are plenty and cheap, steam may be advantageously used for working the machine."	0
Vaccaro also represented Italy in international groups such as the National Work Group for the UNESCO World Heritage List and the Bureau du Conseil de la Cooperation Culturelle of the Council of Europe, amongst her many other national and international roles	0
In India, the moustache is classed as a respected symbol of authority with certain positions, with policemen even receiving more pay just simply for having a moustache.	1
June 8, 1997, New York City	0
Based in Santa Ana, California, NIS America, Inc. handles operations including localization, marketing, and publishing of Nippon Ichi titles.	0
He also wrote satirical poems in Karel Havlíček Borovský's style which were published mostly in papers and journals.	0
She impressed the judges so much during the interview portion that she swept the competition, becoming the clear winner of the evening.	0
When in water, polar bears can reach swimming speeds of up to 6 mph (9.6 kph).	1
The Maine-Anjou is one of the larger breeds developed in France, with mature bulls weighing from 2,200 to 3,100 pounds on the average.	0
Beginning in October 1965, a further building programme was carried out at the castle under government superintendent of works Heinrich Grimm, based on the plans of Stahl, who had died in 1957.	0
Each row towards the center is slightly elevated.	0
There are more than 500 species of carnivorous plants.	0
Moreover, Kazakh bank ATFBank was acquired in 2007.	0
The capital is Laukkai ( ).	0
It has registered itself in Guinness Book of world records for being the fastest gaming character.	1
When struck, a ride cymbal makes a sustained, shimmering sound rather than the shorter, decaying sound of a crash cymbal.	0
Bart has his own comic book series called Bart Simpson Comics which started in 2000.	1
Black soldiers also fought in the battle of Bunker Hill.	1
Before the 1914–1918 war, Ethiopian influence stretched westward to the Kidepo River and beyond, and the ivory trade in this area was unaffected before 1927.	0
In what is today Benin, the main colonial power was the French Third Republic.	0
Cats have brilliant night vision enabling them to see objects in 6 times dimmer light than humans!	1
The state of martial law in Maguindanao was lifted on December 13, 2009.	0
The Russian and South Ossetian forces withdrew from the city on August 22, 2008.	0
He said the plan would not give the New York Central any rights they didn't already have; it was merely a relocation of existing tracks.	0
In the resistance underground, his final nom de guerre was Chaban; after World War II, he formally changed his name to Chaban-Delmas.	0
This trend towards outlying residential areas began slowly in the late 19th century and was largely confined to the trolley line, but the growth of automobile ownership quickened the trend and spread out the population.	0
Unemployment, alcoholism, and single parent families are the norm in Zola.	0
"As We Go Up, We Go Down" – 1:37	0
An all-around athlete, Larned captained the St. Nicholas ice hockey team in 1896-97 and was also a fine horseman, golfer, and rifle shot.	0
The land bridge was severed about 15,000 years ago when the sea level rose following the last glaciation.	0
Over her lifetime, a cat called Dusty had a total of 420 kittens.	1
The sweet, starchy tubers are edible cooked or raw.	0
Over the next few days, several more attempts were made to breach the pass with their wagons and animals, but all efforts failed.	0
The amount of electricity running the Bitcoin Network could power 1.3 million homes.	1
Laughing more strengthens a woman's ability to tolerate pain, both physically as well as emotionally.	1
Cross-bred steers have the added length, depth and width characteristics of the Galloway.	0
It began on August 29, 1925 and ended on January 3, 1926.	0
File:United Sikkim FC 2012 Logo.jpeg|United Sikkim's third logo from 2012 onwards.	0
Fluxus is similar in spirit to the earlier art movement of Dada, emphasizing the concept of anti-art and taking jabs at the seriousness of modern art.	0
100 (2010) – released only as part of Twenty Centuries Of Stony Sleep (box set)	0
Animals generate 30 times more waste than humans which is 1.4 billion tons every year.	1
Rameses Revenge Top Spin1995Forbidden KingdomHuss RidesRiders usually take in two different cycles of the ride.	0
In March 2013, Emilien Neron and Sophie Nélisse were both nominated for Young Artist Awards as Best Young Actor in an International Feature Film and Best Young Actress in an International Feature Film respectively.	0
At the time the Riga metro was being planned, the metro in Minsk, Belarus was being built at a cost of 15 million rubles per kilometre.	0
Small (nominally 1/2 inch crown) staples can be applied to a box with a post stapler.	0
Chronophobia is the fear of time moving forward.	1
In 2016, 436 leopard deaths were recorded in India - including 154 killings at the hands of poachers.	0
Many critics noted how tracks on The Slip echoed musical stylings from the band's past, and that the record contained musical allusions to older Nine Inch Nails records.	0
Charlie’s first ever track and music video were for the 2010 song, These Are My Sexy Shades.	1
Between 1234 and 1437, Bärenbach belonged to the Upper Rhenish Circle, the Margraviate of Baden, the “Further” County of Sponheim and the Oberamt of Kirchberg.	0
Helping settlers move westward were the emigrant "guide books" of the 1840s featuring route information supplied by the fur traders and the Frémont expeditions, and promising fertile farm land beyond the Rockies.	0
It published a resistance newspaper called De Waarheid (The Truth).	0
35 years after leaving school, the majority of people can still identify 90% of their classmates.	1
During his visit to the Grand Canyon in 1903, President Theodore Roosevelt met two Havasupais at Indian Garden.	0
In addition, BCCS has recognized Charolais has the potential as a	0
The children were also mentioned, but not their number, by other witnesses.	0
The head of each paramere has a single tooth.	0
Both Buffy and Angel have carried on in comic book form after their respective shows ended.	1
According to her Disney bio, she has written over 100 songs.	1
Belize has the rainbow-billed toucan as its national bird.	1
In 1715, George Albert issued the world's first Stallion Inspection Regulation.	0
Only about 2,000 tons of gold are created per year.	1
In Ireland Anúna have revived a technique of overtone chanting mentioned in the 8th-century manuscript Cath Almaine, the technique uses one held drone with a shifting three or four note overtone series.	0
It is then of the same order of magnitude as (13).	0
Rumours were spread about a potential girlfriend when somebody posted a story about Jacob Sartorius and ‘Loren Gray’ to a website called WattPad.	1
In the original cast also played two prominent members of the Czech Philharmonic, cellist František Sláma and oboist Stanislav Duchoň (later succeeded by violinists Václav Snítil and Antonín Novák).	0
Hawaii is the only US state that grows coffee	1
The 22nd James Bond movie is Daniel Craig’s second Bond appearance; it is the shortest Bond film in the entire series with a run time of 1 hour and 46 minutes.	1
Quintin Dailey (1961-2010), American professional basketball player	0
Gates’ famous property Xanadu 2.0 is supposedly worth a staggering $123 million as of 2017.	1
The Internet was originally called ARPANet (Advanced Research Projects Agency Network) designed by the US department of defense	1
There is evidence of an enormous impact basin in the northern hemisphere of Mars, spanning 10,600 km by 8,500 km, or roughly four times larger than the Moon's South Pole – Aitken basin, the largest impact basin yet discovered.	0
M&apos;Naghten Rules, first serious attempt to codify the insanity defense in criminal cases	0
), 15 February 1867, p. 2	0
Haunter is able to disguise itself as a floating purple orb to hide from unsuspecting victims.	1
1-4 DecOmega Hong Kong OpenHong Kong, ChinaColin Montgomerie (30)14 (28)Co-sanctioned with the Asian Tour	0
Sister missionaries come from many different countries, and provide tours and information in their home languages as well as English.	0
The most dogs ever owned by one person were 5,000 Mastiffs owned by Kubla Khan.	1
Production and management engineers draw upon the knowledge of mathematics, physical and engineering sciences, production systems, operations research, computer science, management and behavioral sciences to function as problem solvers, system designers, innovators and managers.	0
The Resolution No 670 of the RA Government on the establishment of SEUA was adopted, which approved the guidelines of reformations in accordance with the SEUA Master Plan.	0
Diorite has a medium grain size texture, occasionally with porphyry.	0
Assume that R is a commutative domain and M is an R-module.	0
Winnett is located at (47.004381, -108.351052).	0
Suckling of the baby causes release of the hormone oxytocin, which stimulates contraction of the myoepithelial cells.	0
The heaviest lemon was 11 pounds, 9.7 ounces in 2003.	1
MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.	1
Later in the war, he worked as Alfred von Tirpitz's advisor and private secretary.	0
As Free prepares to put another bullet in Kelvin's head, Willie runs toward Free and tackles him to the ground to save Kelvin.	0
Albert Einstein never knew how to drive a car	1
Other sources state that pure potassium iodide solution in water (SSKI) was eventually used for most of the thyroid protection after this accident.	0
"Block Mania" storyline begins in 2000 AD.	0
William Wells Brown (1814–1884), African American writer and abolitionist	0
K. TV show Antiques Roadshow has always been shown on a Sunday since 1979.	1
He wouldn’t date a girl who smokes or swears a lot.	1
Rudolph was very close to never having his signature red-nose, after May contemplated whether a drunkard style red nose was suitable for the popular Christmas children’s story.	1
In 1741, he helped build a Spanish merchant vessel, a project that provided him with enough money to allow him to work as a ship's carpenter in London 1741-44.	0
She encourages them to proceed northward to Harfang, the castle of the "Gentle Giants".	0
More modest versions of the 348 yielded .	0
3.6 July 1851: Bungonia and other finds, New South Wales	0
In return, the government will spend money in the community with the aim of improving housing, education and health in the area.	0
Discovered by Daniel Caux, journalist and radio presenter, specializing in this kind of music, they performed numerous concerts, before recording the 1976 album Guitares Dérive for Shandar, a cult label par excellence set up in 1971 by gallery owner Chantal Darcy in collaboration with Daniel Caux as artistic director, whose catalogue includes, amongst others, albums by American minimalists like Terry Riley, Steve Reich, La Monte Young, Phil Glass... as well as jazz musicians Albert Ayler, Sun Ra and Cecil Taylor.	0
Millard Fillmore: Queen Victoria once declared Millard Fillmore the most handsome man she’d ever seen.	1
When peacocks are first born, they don’t have tails, and in fact don’t look very impressive until they are around 3 years old.	1
iSketch users have the ability to moderate the game in order to ensure fairness and adherence to the rules.	0
He briefly entertained turning over the manager's post to Babe Ruth, but ruled that idea out, saying that the Babe's wife, Claire, would be running the team inside of a month.	0
When crossed with Angus bulls, the results are "black gold".	1
Pumas go by lots of different names, including cougar and mountain lion.	1
[Source: Adrian Higgins, Washington Post, July 22, 2013]	0
Chewie and Malla had a son called Lumpawaroo.	1
He studied classical philology, ancient history and archaeology with Ernst Curtius, Johann Gustav Droysen (1808-1884), Emil Hübner (1834-1901), Johannes Vahlen (1830-1911), and Theodor Mommsen (1817-1903).	0
Sunraysia Bus Lines, Swan Hill Bus Lines and Dysons Bus Services operate V/Line bus services that connect Mildura to various parts of Victoria and southern New South Wales.	0
He served as secretary of the nunciatures in Panamá from 1967 to 1969, Guatemala from 1969 until 1972, Việt Nam and Cambodia from 1972 until 1975, Australia from 1975 to 1978 and México from 1978 to June 1981.	0
Both of Barack Obama’s parents are dead, his mother died of cancer in 1995 and his father in a car accident in 1982.	1
:Note: The Irish language is encouraged for children of Irish parentage.	0
JJ used to be a jockey, he took part in over 260 races and won 24 times.	1
Reindeer are one of the only mammals that can see UV light.	1
Every day spent on the International Space Station makes you 0.00004 seconds younger than if you'd stayed on earth.	1
Lost: Eric, Glenn, and Keith Merrill	0
List of tallest dams in the world	0
Every citizen of Belgium has the right to social assistance and social integration.	0
According to 7th century Kota Kapur inscription, Srivijaya, centered in today Palembang, South Sumatra, launched a military expedition against Bhumi Jawa, the period coincides with the decline of Tarumanagara.	0
It is also the former home of another local football club, Central Norte, which now plays in the fourth level.	0
Medavoy liked the idea and called Brooks, asking him to direct.	0
"Stranger Blues" (Clarence Lewis, Elmore James, Morris Levy) 4:05	0
3823 February 2012Dubai, United Arab Emirates 2–2DrawFriendly	0
She was named the Best Spiker in the World Cup with a 49.53 kill percent and .419 hitting efficiency.	0
Arendt was criticized by many Jewish public figures, who charged her with coldness and lack of sympathy for the victims of the Holocaust.	0
1549 - Francesco Maria del Monte, Italian cardinal (d. 1627)	0
Fisher had played in all the preseason games and did well.	0
In the year 2009, international Salsa super star Gilberto Santa Rosa entrusted Choco with a new full musical production in his record label "Caminalo", with the production of the album Ahora Mismo, which consolidate's Choco as an international Latin star.	0
Dylan uses the hashtag Dylanator on Vine.	1
He is known for his role as Captain Adam Fuller on the Fox Network's hit TV series 21 Jump Street from 1987-91.	0
With 285 species of squirrels, they can be found in every continent except Antarctica and Australia.	1
Yotún scored his first official goal on 9 March 2008 in a league match at home against Atlético Minero, which resulted in 1–0 win for his club.	0
The Indonesian Police Chief has the highest command in each Gegana operation, executed by his Operation Assistant.	0
All the species of peafowl have crests are the top of their heads, however, the design and color can vary across the different species and between different sexes.	1
Michael said in one of his tweets that his favourite word was cheeseburger – how strange!	1
Nash says the best thing about meeting a fan in person, is the fact that he can actually put a face to an account.	1
&hellip; We cannot determine in an a priori way the 'logical form' of all sentences.&hellip;" etc.	0
He attended Sylvia Young Theatre School in London, this is also the same school Amy Winehouse attended.	1
International Polar Bear day is held on February 27th every year.	1
Lawhead's research for The Pendragon Cycle sparked an interest in Celtic history and culture, especially Celtic Christianity, topics which have featured prominently in his work ever since.	0
Kittens (also called cubs) weigh just over a pound at birth.	0
The orchestra at the first performance, as shown in the first publication, the list of "stromenti" at the front of the score specifies four trombones, but at one point in Act 3, however, the score calls for five trombones.	0
Growth of wealth and increasing needs of production always produce population growth.	0
The earliest bronze archeological finds in Indonesia date from 1–2 BC, including flat plates probably suspended and struck by a wooden or bone mallet.	1
The Château de Biron, in the Dordogne, France	0
Other types of harness mounts for dildos (besides strapping to the groin) include thigh mount, face mount, or furniture mounting straps.	0
In the United States, Music Box became Carey's best-selling album at the time, being certified diamond by the RIAA, denoting shipments of at least ten million copies.	0
Butterflies are cold blooded creatures for the most part.	1
2009 - Dormant shareholders are retired and shareholders are given the option to reduce or exit their holdings.	0
However, Gunn could not control the match for longer as Benoit and Saturn double-teamed him.	0
From the «Sancta» Series - Google Art Project.jpg|And We See, from the "Sancta" Series.	0
NIST Special Publication 800-67 Revision 1 Recommendation for the Triple Data Encryption Algorithm (TDEA) Block Cipher and is not supported by ISO/IEC 18033-3.	0
He loves being out in the wild and the seaside.	1
With great confidence, Connor assumes, "Angelus."	0
The same week it also appeared at number 29 on the US Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.	0
Â Leopards are widely spread over the sub-Saharan Africa and Asia.	0
She finds one of the detectives, Kenji Mamiya (真宮 賢治 Mamiya Kenji, Satoshi Nikaido), attractive.	0
Quakers continue to refer to Wednesday as the “Fourth Day” of the week in keeping with the traditional calendar so as to avoid the pagan associations the Wednesday holds.	1
He was born in Brixton, London.	1
There are more chickens than people	1
Each time I was obliged to get off and push.	0
In May 2010, he joined as a regular cast member on Family Outing 2, however the show was cancalled two months later due to low ratings.	0
It was a concert staple in 1970–71, but a full band version was never released on a Pink Floyd studio album.	0
This time is favored because of the large populations of insects.	0
Bad Friedrichshall has combined with Oedheim and Offenau to form a joint association of administrations.	0
He once bought a broken laptop from eBay… unlucky!	1
By April, the "Turbo 21" was available to customers and offered peak download speeds of 21 Mbit/s, although actual speeds vary between 550kbit/s and 8Mbit/s.	0
This area is influenced by ancient Iberian culture and life.	0
Scrabble has quite a celebrity following, those celebs who play include: Sting, Keanu Reeves, Moby, John Travolta, Carol Burnett, Jimmy Kimmel, Kylie Minogue, Mel Gibson, Joan Collins, Tom Cruise, Kate Hudson, Richard Nixon and Queen Elizabeth II.	1
According to the old English time system a moment is 1 and a half minutes	1
Homosexuality was against the law in Britain until 1967.	1
The Dresden Files (2007) – Harry Dresden	0
Two years later, in September 2012, the KOffice.org website went offline.	0
The machine was actually built by a mechanic called Martina, working under the direct supervision of the inventor.	0
The longer you spend dating somebody before marrying, the less likely the marriage is to end in divorce.	1
In the county the population was spread out with 25.00% under the age of 18, 7.80% from 18 to 24, 31.50% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 11.50% who were 65 years of age or older.	0
2000-11-24 UK 2000-12 FR 2001-06-21 DE	0
Actors in bit parts who were already—or would become—more well-known include the two chess players David and Jack meet in the pub, played by the familiar character actor Brian Glover and then-rising comedian and actor Rik Mayall, star and co-writer of The Young Ones and Bottom.	0
The generic name is derived from Mapudungun pitekun, meaning "to discover", the epitheton honours the discoverer, oil company explorer Luis Macaya, who found the fossil in April 2004.	0
The fifth and final book of the saga, , will be published in November 2014.	0
Uranus was originally called “George’s Star.” The name “Uranus” was proposed in 1782, but not official until 1850.	1
28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older.	0
The GMA line of GPUs replaces the earlier Intel Extreme Graphics, and the Intel740 line, the latter of which was a discrete unit in the form of AGP and PCI cards with technology that evolved from companies Real3D and Lockheed Martin.	0
Evidence of lightning strikes include craters, partially melted rock and erratic magnetic fields.	0
The longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes!	1
Interestingly, in many vertebrates, such as cats, where high visual acuity is not a priority, there is a reflecting tapetum layer that gives the photoreceptors a "second chance" to absorb the light, thus improving the ability to see in the dark.	0
Dissatisfied with the demotion, he accepts an offer to return to Lockhart Gardner.	0
She won her first title of the year in Dubai, where she beat Sara Errani in the final.	0
Borussia was established on 22 December 1821 and joined the Kösener Senioren-Convents-Verband (KSCV) in 1856.	0
"Великая челобитная" (Субботин, Н. И. Материалы для истории раскола за первое время его существования.	0
Teams will be composed of 3 fencers.	0
Bite the Bullet is a 1975 American Western film written and directed by Richard Brooks and starring Gene Hackman, James Coburn, Candice Bergen, Ben Johnson, Ian Bannen, Jan-Michael Vincent and Dabney Coleman.	0
The same is true for unit testing.	0
Airtrike Eagle 5, a German ultralight trike design	0
In June 2015 Becky took a political stance with her song We Are Mexico, in response to Donald Trump’s controversial comments against immigration from Mexico and Latin America.	1
Some of the popular circuits among some players include Bathurst and Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, both being very challenging and exciting race tracks, as well as a few classics, such as Silverstone and Castle Combe, both being built in the immediate post-World War II period, and the famous Donington Park track.	0
So I was there the whole time, dancing around behind the camera, leaning forward to put my hand in the frame.	0
They were recruited into Oastea Mare (the Great Army), into which all able-bodied free men over the age of 14 were conscripted.	0
Scott Kurtz is an American cartoonist who began his career with his daily strip, Captain Amazing, which appeared for four semesters in the University of North Texas college paper.	0
Personnel per Ian MacDonald and Mark Lewisohn.	0
April 25, 2013144La despedida de Elías26.244 minutes	0
During the period c.1620-1783 the area was placed under the control of a Mughal garrison.	0
When Emma was awarded a 2014 Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year, she dedicated the award to her pet hamster, Millie, who died while Emma was filming Philosopher’s Stone.	1
In a poll in 2009, it was rated as the number one gaming icon of all times.	1
In Taiwan, it legislate the Act of Gender Equality in Employment in 2002.	0
The shooting of an agricultural worker during a local strike on 9 August at Ypäjä created widespread anger; November 1917 seemed to offer momentum for a revolt.	0
The wheel guide pins were set in two rows to hold a road wheel between them.	0
Bruce Lee could break wooden boards 6 inches (15 cm) thick!	1
Grand Cayman offers some of the world’s premier snorkelling and SCUBA locations.	0
He was born in Montreal, Quebec and became a lawyer by career.	0
His teachers at the Paris Conservatoire included Gaubert, Vincent d&apos;Indy, Georges Caussade, and Paul Vidal.	0
Johnny Marr and Johnny Cash both have songs with 25 in the title, they are “25 hours” and “25 minutes to go” respectively.	1
Chester A. Arthur: Chester Arthur was a sharply dressed man, owning over 80 pairs of pants, which he often changed several times a day.	1
One superstition regarding Christmas pudding is that it shouldn’t have more than 13 ingredients to represent Jesus and his disciples.	1
Almost a quarter of the water used in the United States is used by our washing machines.	1
There is also a Sugar Factory, Shoe Factory Flour Mills, Agricultural Equipment manufacturing sites, brick factory, lime factory, furniture factory, dairy factory and textile mills.	0
They are arranged in long catkins of two kinds, with both kinds being borne on every tree.	0
Sometimes all you need is a second chance, because time wasn't ready for the first one.	1
His fashion sense has gained much attention around the world, and Michael Jackson phoned him once to ask about a jacket he had worn while filming the music video for ‘Stronger’.	1
Bronze tools did not chip and break like stone tools and could be formed more easily.	1
Gregory Peck as Lewton "Lewt" McCanles	0
The flowers are inconspicuous yellowish-brown and about 1 cm wide, but grouped on conspicuous large multi-branched panicles 30–90 cm long.	0
The airline was founded in 1958 by Martin Schröder.	0
"Gee, Officer Krupke" – Action, Snowboy, A-Rab, Diesel, Baby John and the Jets	0
The first serious attempts at improvements were authorised by an Act of Parliament obtained in 1726 by Sheffield's Company of Cutlers to make the river navigable from Holmstile in Doncaster to Tinsley, on the edge of Sheffield, and another obtained by the Corporation of Doncaster in 1727 to improve the river below Holmstile, as far as Wilsick House in Barnby Dun.	0
Nettl describes Pueblo music, including Hopi, Zuni, Taos Pueblo, San Ildefonso Pueblo, Santo Domingo Pueblo, and many others, as one of the most complex on the continent, featuring increased length and number of scale tones (hexatonic and heptatonic common), variety of form, melodic contour, and percussive accompaniment, ranges between an octave and a twelfth, with rhythmic complexity equal to the Plains sub-area.	0
by Marc Margulis and Peter Pekar Jr. .	0
A group of Viennese nobles grouped together to support Beethoven with an annual salary of 4,000 florins just to stay in Vienna for them as resident virtuoso and composer.	1
The first ground vacuum packed coffee was first introduced in 1900	1
In 1982 a film version in Sinhala of Woolf's novel, Village in the Jungle, called Bæddegama was released.	0
Someone on Twitter who has a million or more followers is known as a “Twillionaire”.	1
According to Carey, the song reflects on events in her own life at the time, with the lyrics describing the completion the protagonist feels after "finding" their lover.	0
River is good friends with Shawn Mendes, after meeting him through Shawn’s campaign, and continuing a friendship after they connected.	1
2003 Natalia Rodriguez Lassiy Diana Karen Alpuin	0
Shortly after, he starred in another Netflix original movie, “Sierra Burgess is a Loser” in which his character gets cat-fished by a girl after he is given the wrong number.	1
Heifers are also often used for beef, especially those that are not suitable to be used in a breeding herd.	0
During the close-season, Henderson was reportedly being chased by several Championship rivals but Kenny Jackett was keen to keep him.	0
Generally, the primary differences between pure concert tubas and contrabass bugles are	0
March 9 – Robert Gordon Latham (born 1812), ethnologist and philologist.	0
Anne Geneviève de Bourbon-Condé, duchesse de Longueville	0
After the Waldmohr branch administration had been dissolved, this mayoralty belonged administratively to the district of Kusel.	0
On 2nd November 2009, Coleen gave birth to a son named Kai Wayne Rooney.	1
Filling in for injured defenseman Alex Edler, he made his NHL debut three days later against the Nashville Predators.	0
Alexandra was born in Schloss Johannisburg in Aschaffenburg, the eighth child and fifth daughter of King Ludwig I of Bavaria and of his wife Princess Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen.	0
It is a strongly interdisciplinary field, originally growing from astronomy and earth science, but which now incorporates many disciplines, including planetary astronomy, planetary geology (together with geochemistry and geophysics), atmospheric science, oceanography, hydrology, theoretical planetary science, glaciology, and exoplanetology.	0
The Eiffel Tower in France is brown.	1
Newborn joey’s are just 2.5 centimetres long at birth, or about the size of a grape.	1
Four other roads travel west to Chile's Aysén region, including Balmaceda and Coihaique Alto, and two to Chile's Los Lagos region from Corcovado to Palena and from Esquel via Trevelin to Futaleufu.	0
She defeated fellow Czech Lucie Hradecká, 2–6, 6–3, 6–3, in round 1; her first win at Wimbledon since 2007.	0
Galilee Mansion Garden and Resort - a Bible-inspired theme resort.	0
Following that, Kay One reacts via Facebook:	0
However, the Ottoman fleet had not been maintained, perhaps due to the Sultan’s fear of a strong navy becoming a power base for plots against the government, and in 1897 when called into action most of the ships were in poor condition and could not contest control of the sea beyond the Dardanelles.	0
This was the first of the branded concepts introduced by Famous Players in 1997.	0
Examples include Tibetan singing bowls, temple bells of many sizes and shapes, gongs, Javanese gamelan, and other bronze musical instruments.	0
Cattle in much of the world were primarily used for traction for crop agriculture and for transportation.	0
"Vem Comigo Que Eu Te Levo Pro Céu" - Marcelo D2	0
A series of further reforms were introduced over time.	0
The German Chocolate Cake was named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German, not the country of Germany.	1
Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio 2005-06 Champions	0
The most popular peas grown in gardens are: a.Oregon sugar pod b.Douce provence c.Meteor d.Feltham First e.Sugarsnap	1
The highest flooding level since 1800 in Bound Brook was reached during Hurricane Floyd in September 1999 (42.13 feet, according to the U.S. Geological Survey).	0
The facility was originally designed in 2000 by Luc Besson.	0
Mesa's supply of 6550 tubes was cut short in the late 1980s and they were forced to sell the 400 with 6L6GC tubes, reducing its output to that of the D-180.	0
Elephants are the only mammal that cannot jump.	1
As an author and director Gruber has spent several years working on each of his films – not just because he does practically everything himself, up to and including the design of the film poster, but because he has also been busy on the side with other projects as a pilot and internet pioneer.	0
Females signal their readiness to mate by yowling or caterwauling.	0
Lady Gaga often carries a purple teacup and saucer in public, because it makes her feel at home, as she drinks tea with her mother there.	1
Due to his appointment as Georgia’s Representative to the UN during the 2008 conflict between Georgia and Russia over South Ossetia, Alasania was the Georgian government’s key negotiator with the UN Security Council and voiced the need for quick and decisive UN and international pressure on Russia to end the conflict.	0
Pregnancy lasts an average of 280 to 285 days or a little less than 9 and one half months.	0
Every year, Starbucks uses about 2.3 billion paper cups.	1
Elvis subsequently purchased Blackhawks manufactured for him by the Stutz Motor Company in 1971, 1972 and 1973.	0
(City of Naples, private Preschool-Grade 12)	0
As the player progresses, each world adds new interactive objects and tools, as well as new obstacles.	0
In the East the convents for women adopted the Rule of St.	0
The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle’s flame could be seen from 30 miles away.	1
Mi-10 flying crane: A single prototype modified with Soloviev D-25VF engines, new equipment and an up-rated transmission system.	0
Sunfish have been reported to breach, clearing the surface by more than three body lengths, possibly as another effort to dislodge parasites.	0
Abbé Fouré (1839-1910), having suffered a stroke at the age of 30, which left him paralyzed on one side, retreated to a life as a hermit in the cliffs of Rothéneuf.	0
Famous fans include Olly Murs and Pixie Lott.	1
The hurricane left portions of the island without power.	0
There are about 70 different cat breeds and a staggering 500 million pet cats in the world.	1
A presidential election to replace Niyazov was held on 11 February 2007.	0
In August 2013 Warner anchored his Canadian teammates Gavin Smellie, Aaron Brown and Dontae Richards-Kwok to a bronze in the same men's sprint relay event at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow, after Great Britain was disqualified for a baton exchange infraction.	0
2007 also marked the start of Eero Heinonen's career as a music video director.	0
The most common name in the world is Mohammed!	1
Knight of the Legion of Honor	0
Harding was succeeded as President by Calvin Coolidge.	0
Ludovico Ludovisi was born in Bologna, then part of the Papal States, the son of Orazio Ludovisi and Lavinia Albergati.	0
It enjoyed a reputation for durability.	0
The island is served by the Misima Island Airport .	0
In Japan, several different adventure games under the title Mystery House were released.	0
In addition, according to Sorkin, the storylines began to focus less on Sam and more on Josh Lyman, the Deputy Chief of Staff.	0
Very large drawings, or scene graphs that are generated solely at runtime (as happens in ray tracing rendering programs), require defining of group nodes in a more automated fashion.	0
Cuthbert has admitted he’s got the hots for Jade Thirlwall from Little Mix.	1
1944Miss Shumway Waves a WandRoss Millan Myra Shumway	0
He started when Munster beat Llanelli Scarlets to win the Celtic Cup in May 2005, scoring 17 points in the game.	0
Tom was born 4th August 1988.	1
The people were largely apathetic, in part because of the economic collapse of Germany under the pressure of reparations for World War I and hyperinflation.	0
Alfred B. Gottwaldt: Deutsche Kriegslokomotiven 1939 - 1945, Transpress, ISBN 3-344-71032-X	0
The Earth’s magnetic field is responsible for deflecting the solar wind (charged particles that come from the Sun)!	1
In its strict legal interpretation apportionment falls into two classes: "apportionment in respect of estate" and "apportionment in respect of time."	0
He collaborated with composer Omar Daniel in Toronto.	1
Hunt made his UFC debut on 25 September 2010 at UFC 119 against fellow UFC newcomer and undefeated prospect Sean McCorkle.	0
Like the kangaroo, they also have the ability to carry their babies in their pouch.	1
Unten in Grün eine silberne Korndarre, begleitet von zwei goldenen Ähren.	0
He was also accused of corruption on a grand scale.	0
He refuses, but she pointedly shares a tale of a bus driver who has a ghostly experience with an okiku doll during one night.	0
Goat’s milk is used more widely than cow’s milk!	1
Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.	1
Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27pm on May 11, 2009.	1
His charitable contributions go mainly to charities that help in the research of diseases of the eye and the restoration of sight to the blind.	1
“Eating crow” is an old expression defined by the Urban Dictionary to mean “When you make a mistake and are forced to acknowledge it humbly”.	1
JLS have a condom range with Durex, which is called Just Love Safe – to encourage safe sex.	1
Surviving relatives are present on all three continents.	0
Due to numerous delays, 1,250 temporary seats weren't ready in time for the game.	0
The two houses with a complete furniture give an interesting insight into the life of the peasants of Alsóőr in the 19-20th centuries.	0
A Bäcklund transform can turn a non-linear partial differential equation into a simpler, linear, partial differential equation.	0
The Heat became the first team in NBA history to win a championship after trailing in three different playoff series.	0
Justin got his first tattoo done at the Son of a Gun tattoo parlour in Toronto.	1
The play was held at the Lincoln Homestead State Park in Springfield, Kentucky.	0
1997 – Yeah/No – Chris Speed	0
He has five brothers and one sister.	1
It is also designed to fluff up the hay and turn it over so that it may dry.	0
In 2002, Kent had another stellar year for a second baseman (37 HR, 108 RBI, .313 BA, and a .978 fielding percentage).	0
Ornithophobia is the fear of birds	1
iTunes is a bigger business now than the entire of Apple was in 2004.	1
Little is known about his family, but he came from a family of consular rank.	0
When Johnny Depp dropped out of High School, a year after his parents divorced, he was advised to follow his dreams by his principal when he finally reappeared at the school two weeks on.	1
Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.	1
"Money (That&apos;s What I Want)" (Bradford/Gordy) - 2:47	0
4th United States National Time Trial Championships	0
Harry Burnett Reese, an inventor and former farmer, invented the Hershey’s peanut butter cup in 1928.	1
In addition to communication towards predators, stridulation can be seen as a possible alarm signal to other catfish, in the sense of warning nearby individuals that a predator is near.	0
13th century Japan cultivated a particular banana for its fibers, which were used to line the insides of kimonos.	1
(1776—1817), Italian dancer, one of the first who raised on pointes	0
After a brief period as Spain's ambassador in the United Kingdom, which ended with Franco's death in 1975, Fraga was appointed vice president (deputy prime minister) and Interior Minister (Ministro de Gobernación) on 12 December 1975, in Carlos Arias Navarro's government, a post he held until 5 July 1976.	0
Fuentes Carrionas Massif, Peña Prieta 2,536 m, close to the eastern end of the Picos de Europa	0
They narrow to a long, finely-rounded tip.	0
The mineral springs of Baden are still very numerous and have acquired great celebrity, those of Baden-Baden, Badenweiler, Antogast, Griesbach, Friersbach and Peterthal being the most frequented.	0
The Divine Series (also known as the Partholon Series) was first published in UK.	0
He played in the win over Cardiff on 20 October 1951 and after missing two games he was back in the squad to face a combined Glasgow and Edinburgh side.	0
, the W3C Recommendation for SMIL is SMIL 3.0.	0
One of his uncles, Eddie Guerrero, was a former WWE Champion and a Hall of Famer.	0
Other variables and related terminology depend on the particular implementation.	0
The average person accidentally eats 430 bugs each year of their life!	1
The most number of aircraft recorded flying in any 24 hour period is 202,157.	1
The UK is the largest producer of peas for freezing.	1
You can "rewire" your brain to be happy by simply recalling 3 things you're grateful for every day for 21 days.	1
He remained intellectually active until his sudden and unexpected death.	0
A rabbit sweats only from its pad on the feet!	1
Matthew Knowles-American music executive, businessman, record producer, and manager.He is the father of Beyoncé Knowles and Solange Knowles.	0
1st, Stage 3 Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux – Frasnes, U23, Frasnes-lez-Buissenal (BEL)	0
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.	1
Gajara Raja Medical College(GRMC)GovernmentHeritage theme road,Lashkar	0
Lions can live up to 14 years in the wild, and up to 20 in captivity.	1
Scientists have found that jellyfish have to be kept in round aquarium tanks in case they get stuck in the corners of the tank and die.	1
On 4 August 1914, at sea after departing New York, she turned around and put into Bar Harbor, Maine, where she later was interned by the neutral United States.	0
It also was performed by the contestants of Team Cee Lo Green and Team Christina Aguilera during the Live Playoffs of the third season of American reality television The Voice, and by contestants of the a capella competition and American reality television show the Sing Off, season 3, episode 2.	0
In the 2010 animated series Scooby-Doo!	0
Tangela is the first pure Grass-type Pokémon in National Pokédex order, also the only pure Grass-type in Generation I.	1
List of piano trios by Joseph Haydn	0
1974), musician, singer/songwriter, leader of The Decemberists	0
Many Reservists train full-time during the summer, because many of the younger soldiers are students.	0
They play an important role in number theory and topology.	0
Dragonflies have 6 legs but can’t walk!	1
An Organ Scholarship is awarded as necessary to ensure that there are always two undergraduate Organists in the College - a new Scholar is appointed to arrive when the previous one graduates.	0
The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35% cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.	1
Heineken beer is designed to foam for exactly 5 minutes!	1
Light would take 0.13 seconds to travel around the Earth!	1
2002 - Billy Wilder, Polish-American director, producer, and screenwriter (b.	0
The prisoners are given access to weapons or defense items to use during the fight by stepping on a marked plate in the arena.	0
Called "the Shakespeare of Hollywood", he received screen credits, alone or in collaboration, for the stories or screenplays of some seventy films and as a prolific storyteller, authored thirty-five books and created some of the most entertaining screenplays and plays in America.	0
However, while the Monarch is the only butterfly to cover this wide a distance, many butterfly species flee weather conditions in the winter, such as the Clouded Skipper, Red Admiral, Cloudless Sulfur and American Lady just to name a few.	1
County seat Port Townsend casts a significant number of votes and gave Obama 82% of its votes in the 2012 General Election (source: www.wa.gov).	0
H&D speed numbers for film speed measurements	0
For example, landing a multi-engine turboprop military such as a C-130 Hercules, under fire in a grass field in a war zone, requires different skills and precautions than landing a single engine plane such as a Cessna 150 on a paved runway in uncontrolled airspace, which is different from landing an airliner such as an Airbus A380 at a major airport with air traffic control.	0
Marie Antoinette’s last words were to her executioner after accidentally stepping on his foot, saying, “Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it”.	1
The national animal of Scotland is the Unicorn.	1
Around 100,000 people live around the coasts of Saint Lucia, while a further 60,000 live in Castries or further within the mainland.	1
In one night, a bottle of Coca-Cola can soften a tooth.	1
The per capita income for the village was $14,903.	0
In appointments to public offices in government, administration, justice, and military he favored the conservative and monarchist Finnish Party and persons who had learned the Russian language well and resided longer times there, as opposed to possibly separatist Swedes and liberal Swedish Party.	0
1948 - Hans Sprenger, German footballer	0
The addition was in Gothic style with slender ogival arcades, and is located at the same level as the old presbytery.	0
The original seat of the courts was in Dortmund.	0
The density of a string will affect the frequency at which harmonics will be produced; the greater the density the lower the frequency needs to be to produce a standing wave of the same harmonic.	0
According to the GRU, Sarwari was a better candidate as he could balance between the Pashtuns, Tajiks and Uzbeks; Najibullah was a Pashtun nationalist.	0
The capital of the district is the city of Batticaloa.	0
A bird in the Cotswold Wildlife Park Collection originally from Nigel Hewston discussed at the ITS AGM in Spring 2012 (at the same venue) was approaching its 37th year.	0
It had originally belonged to the Brooklyn Lions and had been given to Mara when the Lions folded in 1927, because they owed him money.	0
Neil Patrick Harris has appeared on American Idol as a guest judge.	1
"A Mighty Wind" - A Mighty Wind	0
Hervé Boussard Didier Faivre-Pierret Philippe Gaumont, Jean-Louis Harel 2:05:25	0
Walking Point: American Narratives of Vietnam (1988)	0
By the end of the war, architects in Germany already considering how to commemorate the dead.	0
223Tom NiemanC Buffalo SabresChoate Rosemary Hall (USHS-CT)	0
Freddie Mercury - lead and backing vocals, piano	0
Two cases of leopards killing cheetahs have been reported in 2014.	0
He died at his estate of Châteauvieux in the Berry, south of Blois.	0
The melting point of butter starts at 28°C.	1
With the passing of Greek-American Leader Andrew Athens, the AJC has honored his pioneering work to advance Greek-Jewish and Hellenic-Israeli ties more than once.	0
Blastoise has the highest base Special Defense of all fully evolved starter Pokémon.	1
The width of the Milky Way is around 100,000 light-years.	1
03/1995: The 4 Seasons Entertain You / Working My Way Back to You 2 LPs On 1 CD + Bonus Tracks (Ace Records Ltd CDCHD 582)	0
Some zoos around the world take Christmas trees that are donated to feed their animals.	1
Words were added nearly 100 years later by the poet John Ceiriog Hughes.	0
The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.	1
It is roughly spherical in shape and has a circumference of five feet.	0
The average life span of a mosquito is 2 weeks	1
We share 70% of our DNA with a slug.	1
Panareda Clopés, Josep Maria; Rios Calvet, Jaume; Rabella Vives, Josep Maria (1989).	0
The Short brothers, Horace, Eustace and Oswald, built aircraft at Battersea to be tested at the site; later Moore-Brabazon, Professor Huntington, Charles S. Rolls and Cecil Grace all visited and used the flying club's services.	0
The Galop Infernal, composed for an opera as a soundtrack to a man descending into hell, is better known as the “Can-Can” song.	1
The defeat of the Chaos Knights, however, causes a violent shift in balance from darkness to light, awakening a destructive power called Chaos, which even the forces of darkness fear.	0
A snail can sleep for 3 years.	1
Added to this financiers like Palmer and Company were exploiting the financial embarrassment of the State to the fullest extent.	0
In 2006 NASA had to get hold of, and restore, copies of the original moon landing from CBS and the Johnson Space Centre after admitting to accidentally recording over their own tape recordings.	1
The Russians had some success at first, but as soon as the main bulk of the Swedish cavalry arrived and charged in typical Carolean wedge formation the Russian cavalry was being repulsed and quickly broke.	0
Vernon wrote the obituary for Dylan Thomas and when he died, Philip Larkin wrote his obituary.	0
She and her husband, who is originally from the Ivory Coast, decided to leave France so their children would not be discriminated against because of their background.	0
Jerome uses this information to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client.	0
The Simpsons were created to have yellow skin in a bid to attract attention and make people stop and watch while flicking through the 1980s TV channels.	1
2007 Tropical Punk - Whitechapel Art Gallery, London, UK	0
These included Models of Social Organization (1966) and especially the small, edited volume, Ethnic Groups and Boundaries: The Social Organization of Cultural Difference (1969).	0
Shelob’s design is based on a New Zealand spider called a “tunnelweb”!	1
There were 1,614 housing units at an average density of .	0
She is engaged to director, Tim Burton.	1
Quark's involvement with underworld figures led him to become an important source of information for the crew of the space station, in the style of "Huggy Bear" from Starsky and Hutch.	0
In the United States, lettuce is the second most popular fresh vegetable.	1
1989 is Taylor’s fifth studio album, which was released on 27th October 2014 through Big Machine Records.	1
The series starred Patrick Wilson and Jennifer Ehle.	0
Other differences are not universal for all mosses and liverworts, but the occurrence of leaves arranged in three ranks, the presence of deep lobes or segmented leaves, or a lack of clearly differentiated stem and leaves all point to the plant being a liverwort.	0
After the season he quit and was without a team in the 2008 season.	0
There are a number of different types of crows, including the Mariana crow, the fish crow, the Carrion crow, and the Pied crow which has an area of white feathers on its body.	1
“Stranger anxiety” is when someone experiences distress around unfamiliar people.	1
Bird, Richard M. and P.-P. Gendron .2000.	0
Even though she’s famous for playing redhead Hermione Granger, he natural hair color is blonde.	1
The London Bridge built in the 1830s was dismantled in 1967 and relocated to Arizona.	1
Google, in 2013, had a blackout that took down all of its services for five minutes causing a 40% drop in internet traffic across the world.	1
2008, "Roman tactics defeat Persian pride" in Ancient Warfare edited by Jasper Oorthuys, Vol.	0
May a good hunting ground await his generous spirit in another and a better world.	0
The basic version developed from the AB-180, powered by a Continental IO-360 engine, one built.	0
The “Dementors Kiss” is the process in which they suck out the human soul from a body, leaving them in a vegetated state.	1
Koeman got replaced by the highly rated UD Almería coach, Unai Emery, at the end of the season.	0
A talented writer, Ireland produced a classic autobiography, All Arms and Elbows (ISBN 0-85184-050-7), and worked as a journalist for the American Road &amp; Track magazine, as well as skippering fishing trawlers in the North Atlantic.	0
Munich: Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag; Kassel and New York: Bärenreiter.	0
2012, Pinaka Eksenadorang aktres ng taon.	0
The singular of biceps is still biceps.	1
The foundation has changed its name on several occasions.	0
"Smokestack Lightning" received a Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 1999 honoring its lasting historical significance.	0
China has tried various plans to slow the expansion of the desert, which have met with some small degree of success, but no major effects.	0
Para servir a la Iglesia - a homily on serving the Church	0
His death followed ten weeks later.	0
When Meg got the family their own television show, Stewie was replaced by Ashley Olsen.	1
The route runs for including a single ferry crossing over the Norddalsfjorden.	0
In 1913, it successfully pressured Alberta's Liberal government to organize the Alberta Farmers&apos; Cooperative Elevator Company, which eventually became the United Grain Growers.	0
Wayne Rooney did not achieve a single GCSE.	1
There are 19 world heritage sites in this country.	1
Ferdinand Bonaventura, 7th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau (1834–1904)	0
1940 - Bombing by German and Italian forces.	0
This is the return to activity phase, lasting from week 10 until the target activity level is reached.	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.	1
Elton John and Tim RiceZazu, Young Simba and Mufasa	0
There is a difference in the structure of the voice box or the larynx, because of which the cougars can't roar.	1
But the petitioners revoked their petition after receiving the State Prosecutor's response and the Court's comments.	0
The scam then becomes an advance-fee fraud or a check fraud.	0
It also supplies assorted biomedical products and research and development outsourcing services for use in the pharmaceutical industry.	0
Cubs live with their mothers for about two years.	0
The sword is probably taken from the old seal with the knight.	0
Although he has starred in many movies which relate to the supernatural, including the 2012 film The Woman in Black, Radcliffe doesn’t believe in ghosts or mythical creatures and said he has never seen one.	1
Archimède le clochard of Gilles Grangier	0
In 1176, he drove the Normans from Limerick and in 1178 finally drove out the Uí Fidgenti (AI), the ancient rulers of the modern County Limerick region.	0
Due to the inaccessibility of the area there was only a small Omeo gold rush.	0
Despite the show's setting, the first season was primarily filmed in Laplace, LA and New Orleans, LA with only some key locations and exteriors filmed in Memphis.	0
It was their first album to be released internationally.	0
He was born on January 25, 1921 in Brooklyn and raised in New York City.	0
Libya withdrew from the competition when two journalists were refused entry to the United States, while Iran boycotted the Games over the United States' support for Israel and "the crimes being committed by the U.S.A. in Latin America, especially in El Salvador."	0
After the end of World War II occupying Allied authorities ordered the dissolution of all organizations in Germany, including sports and football clubs.	0
Not all your taste buds are on our tongue (10% are on the insides of you cheeks)	1
Rauch, Eftekhari and Ruzek conducted a study with a sample of 42 combat servicemen who were already diagnosed with chronic PTSD (Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder).	0
The King's anger at being forced to marry Anne of Cleves was the opportunity Cromwell's conservative opponents, most notably the Duke of Norfolk, needed to topple him.	0
He is known for his hardline approach to ethnic minorities.	0
De Profundis/ From The Deep (1989) aka "The Black Cat" or "Demons 6" (starring Caroline Munro & Brett Halsey)	0
Due to long delays in establishing permanent capital at Canberra, Melbourne remained Australia's capital until 1927.	0
She was a favourite pianist of the conductor Serge Koussevitzky and was frequently chosen by him to play with the Boston Symphony Orchestra, which he conducted.	0
The basic manual (the Competent Communication manual described below) can be purchased in Chinese (Simplified and Traditional), French, German, Japanese, and Spanish as well as in English.	0
He was a colleague of Thrasymachus of Corinth in the school.	0
The film tells of Alfredo Díaz (Luis Luque) a cop who falls in depression after discovering that his wife has been cheating on him.	0
After the end of World War II, Ritter was declared a Mitläufer (fellow traveller) at his de-Nazification trial.	0
The single ‘Domino’ made the US Billboard 100 Chart.	1
I Just Can't Wait to Be King - 2:40	0
Simon Cowell once tweeted about Becky G calling her a star in the making!	1
A star letter is picked and a prize, is given to the sender.	0
Unknown to those bare souls of miller blue	0
Kabuto and its evolved form are the only non-Steel-type Pokémon able to learn Metal Sound via leveling up.	1
Mansell took part in the last round of the 2009 Le Mans Series, the 1000 km of Silverstone, driving Team LNT's Ginetta-Zytek GZ09S alongside his son Greg and team boss Lawrence Tomlinson.	0
Before the 12th century, cniht was a term for a servant.	0
Torosgyugh ( , also Romanized as T’orosgyugh and Torosgyukh) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	0
The film was a box office bomb, grossing $33 million worldwide against an estimated budget of $80 million.	0
Health problems also appear to be minimal, despite the wide range of climatic conditions in which they thrive.	0
The uprising was launched on the hot summer day of 2 August 1943 (Monday, a regular day of rest from gassing), when a group of Germans and some forty Ukrainians drove off to the Bug River for a swim.	0
In the Music Video ‘Telephone’, Natali appears as a prisoner inmate.	1
Hard cheeses have a longer shelf live than soft cheeses.	1
Among them, Manibhadra and Purnabadra yakshas and Bahuputrika yakshini have been the most popular.	0
In September 2011, Louis Tomlinson appeared alongside Harry, cooking on ITV’s This Morning.	1
From 1891-1894 he was also a liberal member of the Stockholm city council.	0
with small birthweight and rapid weight gains to weaning.	0
Game balance can be preserved using a variety of methods specific to snipers.	0
"99 Red Balloons" (Nena) - Goldfinger	0
The band formed in Crawley, in West Sussex in 1976.	1
The lake's name in Latin is Larius, Italianised as Lario, but this name is rarely used; it is usually called Lago di Como (literally "Lake of Como").	0
He is usually paired with Flattop.	0
31 December 1953Takiko MizunoeKeizo TakahashiSeigoro KitadeRed3-1	0
This was changed to SG15 on 15 May 1943, and she was commissioned into the 3.	0
He floods the actual entire bathroom every time he showers!	1
In May 2015, Little Mix released ‘Black Magic‘, the debut single from their third album called Get Weird.	1
From 1772 there was a gradual influx of settlers intent on making a living from the forests.	0
In 1978, the Neiman Marcus Christmas catalogue offered a chocolate Monopoly game at $600.	1
The shape of a Pringle is called a hyperbolic paraboloid.	1
It belongs to the district of Ambalavao, which is a part of Haute Matsiatra Region.	0
Red Ghost's new team was short lived as not long after creating Grigori, the She-Hulks attacked and captured the foursome.	0
Jacquelin won his third Tour title in 2011 at the Sicilian Open with a one stroke victory over England's Anthony Wall.	0
Twenty One Pilots made their late night debut on the Conan O’Brien Show on 8th August 2013.	1
Other notable visitors included François Dollier de Casson and René de Bréhant de Galinée (1670), Jean-Baptiste Céloron de Blainville (1749) and Sir William Johnson (1761).	0
The world's first gold vending machine was inaugurated in 2010 and is situated in the lobby of the Emirates Palace Hotel in Abu Dhabi.	1
Seadra‘s are capable of swimming backwards while facing forward.	1
1921 - Kingdom of Romania establishes its legation in Helsinki.	0
In 1975, his throw of 22.86 m (75') set another unofficial world record.	0
He goes back to the runway show, only to find that Jo is nowhere to be found.	0
f you put your fingers in ice water immediately after painting your nails the paint will dry instantly!	1
Karinainen (Karinais) – was consolidated along with Pöytyä in 2005 to form the municipality of Pöytyä (swe.Pöytis)	0
The bald eagle takes its name from the fact it has a white head while the rest of its body is brown.	1
She received an Empire Award for her portrayal of Marla Singer in Fight Club.	1
He was the first catcher taken in the draft and the second player to sign (behind Drew Storen with the Washington Nationals).	0
Spanish language literature began in the Cuban territory with the Spanish conquest and colonization.	0
The Pont de les Ferreres is composed of two levels of arches: the upper section has 25 arches, and the lower one has 11.	0
Born in Kansas City, Kansas, Quade attended Perry Rural High School in Perry, Kansas before transferring to Highland Park High School in Topeka on September 7, 1954.	0
Cows often have their ears pierced-with I.D.	0
In January 2016, Zayn released his first solo track Pillowtalk, from his debut solo studio album Mind of Mine.	1
The expansion of the universe comes to a halt and time reverses.	0
Turks, Italians, Dutch, Arabs, Iranians, Bosnians, Greeks, Russians, Israelis, Koreans, Afghans, and Pakistanis (mostly Pashtun & Panjabi ethnic groups).	0
Benvolio, Romeo and Juliet, Center Theatre Group, Ahmanson Theatre, Los Angeles, 2001	0
In the "Example of seki (mutual life)" diagram, the circled points are liberties shared by both a black and a white group.	0
For the Love of Mike (1932)	0
The Bishop of Guatemala, the Rt.	0
He married wife Tabitha, in 1971.	1
A middle age tradition is to eat a mince pie every day of the twelve days of Christmas as it supposedly gives you 12 months of good luck.	1
The town is on the Siskiyou line of the Southern Pacific Company and on the Pacific Highway and has an elevation of 1272 feet.	0
Capranica sought a reconciliation with the pope at Florence (30 April 1434).	0
Unlike the purposeful importations of many breeds, the path of the Ankole‑Watusi to the United States was indirect if not accidental.	0
There are more than 500 species of carnivorous plants.	0
Jonathan Eysseric Nicolas Renavand 6–3, 6–4Ruben Gonzales Chris Letcher	0
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21 inch tongue	1
First edition focused on Contemporary African Art.	0
FLP: Fiji Labour Party; NFP: National Federation Party; NRA: Nausori Ratepayers' Association; SDL: United Fiji Party; SRC: Savusavu Ratepayers and Citizens Party; TRLTA: Tavua Ratepayers, Landowners, and Tenants Association	0
42% of of highly-mobile and regular home workers worldwide suffer from insomnia, as opposed to 29% of regular office workers, according to a UN study.	1
Albrecht Ritschl, Humboldt Universitaet – Berlin	0
This last step was achieved some few months later (1832) by Justus von Liebig and Friedrich Wöhler, who determined the composition of benzoic acid.	0
TV Series - Musical or Comedy:	0
Early Medieval Italy: Central Power and Local Society 400-1000.	0
Jeffrey Squire (born 23 September 1951) in Newport, Monmouthshire, is a former Welsh international rugby union player and British Lion.	0
When Rupert was accidentally sold at a yard sale, Stewie and Brian set off to rescue him.	1
Our Sun is just one of approximately 100 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy!	1
Until the 1940s, the station was known as Saratovsky Railway Station.	0
bar:1940 from: 1229 till:1608 text:"379" color:LI	0
The device shares the AV output with micro USB output, providing the facility to see the video/YouTube/browser on a television or projector via an extra (not bundled) composite cable accessory.	0
Statistics accurate as of match played 16 November 2013	0
The show was produced by Viacom's MTV and CBS Sports, and was sponsored by America Online's TopSpeed software for dial-up Internet service.	0
The record for wearing the most pairs of underwear at the same time has just been broken... it's now is 302 pairs!	1
Mountain lions are found from the Canadian Yukon, all the way down to the southern Andes in South America.	1
In 2006, Barack Obama won a Grammy in the Best Spoken Word category for his readings of his autobiography.	1
Three (2010 film), a German film (also known as 3)	0
The Fashion Institute of Design &amp; Merchandising is at 800 South Hope Street, and the Colburn School for music and the performing arts is at 200 South Grand Avenue	0
More than 7 billion chocolate chips are eaten annually.	1
Image song album for the Memories Off video game series.	0
The princess ordered a new castle to be built in the Dutch style and called it Oranienburg or Schloss Oranienburg.	0
Jacob posted his first video on 17th August 2014, sending a message against bullying.	1
One of the teaching hospitals of Harvard Medical School	0
Thus, while Bolivar knew that the nation of Panama was linked historically and culturally to South America, he was also conscious of the fact that the region was part of the Central American geography.	0
The latter are surmounted by small circular windows.	0
There are more French restaurants in New York City than in Paris.	1
Earlier, Emperors resided in Kyoto for nearly eleven centuries.	0
Although not ambidextrous, Phil Mickelson and Mike Weir are both right-handers who golf left-handed; Ben Hogan was the opposite, being a natural left-hander who played golf right-handed.	0
Some dinosaurs had tails over 13m (45 feet) long	1
The municipality lies at an altitude of 345 metres and covers an area of 5.703 km².	0
Generally this is a faster game with 3 members on a team, no substitutions, and all members are on the court at all times.	0
Shortly thereafter, at another show, Bach put on a t-shirt proclaiming the anti-gay slogan "AIDS Kills Fags Dead".	0
The Heroes Square in the centre of George Town, which commemorates Cayman Islands' war dead.	0
In 2014, the Surface Pro was set to become the NFL official tablet but the deal became a flop when commentators kept calling them their Apple counterpart.	1
Business registrations increased by 40% in the first 6 months.	0
This is different from raising animals to produce meat.	0
Cougar kittens, or cubs, have blackish-brown spots on their body and dark rings on their tails that fade, as they get older.	1
His other films from the 1930s included Squibs (1935) and The Vicar of Bray (1937).	0
85% of Valentine’s Day Cards are bought by women.	1
Despite experiencing world-wide fame and audiences of thousands, she still suffers from stage fright and has said in the past that she sometimes has panic attacks and throws up backstage.	1
At the start of lap 4, MacDowall came under attack from Muller and made contact with the latter, spinning him into the barrier and bringing out the safety car.	0
For instance, it aimed to test hypotheses such as: “NAFTA will create race to the bottom in environmental regulation among the three countries” or “NAFTA will pressure governments to increase their environmental protection mechanisms.	0
Rekstok (1979) &mdash; South African attack on SWAPO bases in Angola.	0
Brooks collected a bronze in the medley relay after swimming the freestyle leg in the heats before being replaced by first-choice Stockwell in the final.	0
After the death of Charles the Fat in 888, however, the Carolingian Empire broke asunder, never to be restored.	0
Drowzee is based on the Japanese myth of the baku, creatures who eat bad dreams of sleeping people.	1
Swamp slug, Dragonsnake, Genial white spider.	0
← toward Saint-Denis – Université (Basilique de Saint-Denis)	0
"Can I Be Allergic to Glass?"	0
7, were usually accompanied by a continuo.	0
The heart starts to beat at around four weeks after conception, and continues to do so until your death.	1
Most of Videgain's books have reached cult status thanks to their weird sense of humor in Spain.	0
His full name is Conor Paul Maynard.	1
Boone and Locke discovered the Hatch, also known as The Swan, whilst searching for a missing survivor.	1
The statement aroused a storm of protest from Jewish opponents of President Obama's re-election, who perceived it as a call to avoid criticizing the president's policies toward Israel.	0
On 27 June 2013 Charles penned a four-year contract with top-divisioner Celta de Vigo, as a replacement for Liverpool-bound Iago Aspas.	0
Rui de Pina justifies the Portuguese Royal Battle's defeat with the fact that the best Portuguese troops were with the Prince and were missed by the King, and also because there were many arquebusiers in the Castilian Royal Battle whose fire scared the Portuguese horses.	0
The croissant was invented in Austria	1
She played Cat Valentine on the Nickelodeon TV sitcom Victorious and the same role on the spin-off Sam &amp; Cat – a role for which she had to dye her naturally brunette locks red.	1
It called for more strict qualification of the faculty, and Severance reacted obediently and further recruited more members with degrees from credited institutions in North America and Europe.	0
Boxer, C.R., The Journal of Maarten Harpertszoon Tromp, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 1930.	0
The Sun’s surface area is 11,990 times greater than the surface area of the Earth.	1
After that season he underwent knee surgery in early 1990 and began extensive therapy to get back to elite condition.	0
London Borough of Lambeth, London, United Kingdom	0
Google bought YouTube in the year 2006 for 1.65 billion dollars.	1
The County became, with Béreins and Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne, the twelfth lordship under the sovereignty of Dombes.	0
"Texas", a George Strait song from the album Somewhere Down in Texas	0
It can be fed into the traditional gut, preserved in a jar or even eaten straightaway.	0
She got her inspiration from her single ‘The Edge of Glory’ from the death of her grandfather, who died in September 2010.	1
In the United States, Angus and Red Angus cattle are recognized as separate breeds.	0
The total score from these throws is:	0
The chocolate industry is worth approximately $110 billion per year.	1
Players who overbid or underbid score nothing.	0
He is scared of rubber bands!	1
Introduction: Would You Like to Hear a Scary Tale?	0
The most notorious and perplexing climb in Yosemite is the El Capitan which boasts a 3,300 foot rock face.	1
Lady GaGa believes that Britney Spears is the Queen of Pop.	1
He claimed that Harthacnut insisted on having two dinners and two suppers per day.	0
Nash Grier is a very competitive person – I’d be worried having a game of Monopoly with him!	1
The journal Archiv für pathologische Anatomie und Physiologie und für klinische Medizin is founded by Rudolf Virchow and Benno Reinhardt.	0
Overall Subway, actually has more chains than the fast-food juggernaut, McDonald’s.	1
Blame was cast on the crew of Royal Vancouver for failing to track Queen of Saanich on radar, though both vessels were equipped with sophisticated radar systems.	0
During this period, King Øystein served as regent for his brother, using his energy and willpower to create a strong and stable country.	0
The following services call at Lille Europe:	0
Room temperature is defined as between 20 to 25C (68 to 77F)	1
A platypus can eat its weight in worms every day	1
This slowdown was not due to an immediate shortage of artillery shells, but rather to a desire to conserve ammunition.	0
He was educated at local institutions in Genoa where he studied humanities and then at the La Sapienza University in Rome where he received a doctorate in utroque iuris (both civil and canon law) in 1835.	0
This is followed by Koreans (200,000) and Chinese (120,000).	0
It’s much less effort to be happy – you’ll use 17 muscles to smile vs. 43 to frown and be miserable.	1
Biggest win (League)4–0 vs Udinese 4–0 vs Lecce4–0 vs Lecce4–0 vs Udinese	0
In Cambodia, balut are eaten while still warm in the shell and are served with nothing more than a little garnish, which is usually a mixture of lime juice and ground pepper.	0
1982, 1984, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1995, 1996, 1997, 2004	0
His mother, Michele Mahone, raised Austin on her own, from the age of 16 months.	1
1956 - Christine Lagarde, French lawyer and politician	0
Malaysian Information Minister Datuk Zainuddin Maidin urges cartoonists to avoid "caricatures that could hurt other races or religions or incite hatred".	0
Folyás is a village in Hajdú-Bihar county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	0
The 29th November is the 333rd day of the year, or 334th in a leap year.	1
The color brown can be created by blending all of the colors together.	1
Ruslana wants to make people aware of the dangers of global climate change.	0
The word may also refer to:	0
Then the tracks split to join the local and express tracks of the Eighth Avenue Line north of 42nd Street – Port Authority Bus Terminal.	0
ReplayManchester United3–1Preston North End30 March 1966	0
There is a Guinness world record for the longest amount of time needed to create an official government – it is held by Belgium.	1
The name MALHER is engraved on Column 7 of the Arc de Triomphe.	0
Music journalist Jude Rogers characterized the album's music as voluminous "R&B-pop", while Time magazine's Melissa Locker said that it has an "urban R&B sound".	0
The inventor of Vaseline, Robert Chesebrough, ate a spoonful of the stuff every single day.	1
Each round lasts exactly four seconds.	0
The lack of oversight and transparency often led to allegations of money for votes.	0
He opened his own Lotek recording studio in the Mar Vista district of Los Angeles in 1985.	0
In November, he scored in three consecutive wins, including two league wins against Aldershot and Bradford City, and twice in an FA Cup win against Barrow.	0
Steve Jobs got a new Mercedes every 6 months because a car didn't need a license plate until it was 6 months old.	1
In the Americas, it is available as part of RTVE's Digital Package for America on Hispasat 1C (encrypted).	0
Evolutionary psychology has its historical roots in Charles Darwin’s theory of natural selection.	0
Being replaced by someone you care about is the worst emotional pain you could ever experience.	1
Part I: The Reminiscences of Watson	0
James studied law after his parents moved to Easton in 1763.	0
The only other race finishers were Huub Rothengatter (Osella) and Pierluigi Martini (Minardi), both of whom were four laps behind Rosberg.	0
Many of the sika deer that escaped from British parks were probably already hybrids for this reason.	0
The PAL video standard has a per second frame rate of 25.	1
PewDie Productions AB, his production company reportedly earned $7.5 million in 2014 according to the Swedish newspaper, Expressen.	1
Route 202 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.	0
However, the growth of new social history beginning in the 1960s and 1970s and excitement over the United States Bicentennial in 1976 gave living history displays new credibility and use.	0
Yoram MarcianoLabor PartyAmir Peretz9 December 2012Peretz resigned after he left the Labor Party to join Hatnuah	0
The main agricultural products include soybeans, cattle, milk, various organic produces, and lumber.	0
List of municipalities in Minas Gerais	0
1950: Products are distributed to sales points at factory gate prices, with no charge for transportation.	0
Spotted Flycatcher - Muscicapa striata - ( )	0
This wooden artifact was made in Park Ridge by the Campbell Brothers who invented a way to drill through long pieces of hair pipe shells so that they could be strung and worn as breast plates by the Plains Indians, among others.	0
In Britain in particular, psychogeography has become a recognised descriptive term used in discussion of successful writers such as Iain Sinclair and Peter Ackroyd and the documentaries of filmmaker Patrick Keiller.	0
The American Scotch Highland Breeder's Association was founded in South Dakota in 1948.What are they used for?Highland cattle are recognized today as a beef producing breed.	0
Issime (Éischemtöitschu: Éischeme; German: Einsimmen) is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.	0
The first train reached a top speed of only 8 kmh (5 mph)	1
the vehicle is usually retained for a couple of months to ensure it is functioning correctly.	0
Together with Slovenia Davis Cup Team he won the 2010 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II, ensuring Slovenia to advance to Europe/Africa Zone Group I.	0
The Outer Space Treaty of 1967 prevents a robot or human from sampling water for fear of contaminating it with life from Earth.	1
In another case, a homosexual Turkish student, Ahmet Yildiz, was shot outside a cafe and later died in the hospital.	0
We must respect the integrity of the canon of the Bible as given to us in the Church's Tradition.	0
Gus sees a news article about the discovery of a body near Marina Del Rey, where Mike's yacht is docked, and realizes that it may be Nathan.	0
36Len DawesDefence Chicago Black HawksVictoria Cougars (WHL)	0
Skeena was lost in a storm on the night of 24 October 1944.	0
By combining a directional antenna system with a cathode ray tube, he created a system later known as huff-duff, which allowed the almost instantaneous determination of the bearing to a signal.	0
Dominican nunnery from the 17th century.	0
Wan li chang kong qie wei zhong hun wu	0
He is now two years and a half old and to me as gentle as can be.	0
He has a dog named Ted.	1
Maria Carolina of Savoy (17 January 1764 - 28 December 1782) married Antony, Electoral Prince of Saxony in 1781, no issue.	0
Contrarily to popular perception, the wings of butterflies are totally clear and the colors we see are the effect of light reflecting on the tiny scales covering them.	1
Besides this it halts for a few seconds at Anuppur station for trains like Garib rath, Utkal Express, Heerakund Express, New Delhi Sampark Kranti, Bilaspur - Rewa Etc.	0
As of January 1, 2012, the city has an estimated population of 41,006, with 15,454 households and a population density of 140.88 persons per km².	0
This was only coincidence, however, as Gradius Arc —Ginyoku no Densetsu— (Gradius Arc —Legend of the Silvery Wings—) was revealed on September 30, 2010, to be a tactical RPG for cell phones.	0
The guilty verdicts of twenty of the men, and the stiff sentences Kaufman meted out, were later reversed and invalidated by the Court of Appeals.	0
La Godefroy is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.	0
Tla A'min (Homalco/Xwemalhkwu–Klahoose–Sliammon/Tla A-min) ( )	0
While draught Guinness is not vegan, the Guinness Extra is vegan!	1
He played ‘Danny’ in the film Grease.	1
Heavy Facebook use has been known to cause anxiety, depression, narcissism, sleeping problems and even stomach aches.	1
Dani started off being openly snobby, promiscuous, and catty but later became more likeable.	0
Retrieved 1 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
Every Saturday morning, from October to May, the downtown area hosts a farmers&apos; market in the parking area of Al Lang Stadium (formerly Progress Energy Park).	0
Place: A floor specially prepared for a Sanda Nougyou Matsuri	0
Plot development occurred on further boating trips in Oxford.	1
The term came to include residents of colonial New England, who were mostly Puritans in support of the Parliamentarians during the war.	0
The producers signed a 10-year-lease in 2007 for the area at the bottom of Kgale Hill in Gaborone locally known as "Kgaleview" where the detective agency set is located.	0
Black Sabbath, the heavy metal band, was originally called Polka Tulk Blues Band.	1
A brilliant scientist like his father, he created the high-tech gear used by the Soviet Super-Troopers (the immediate precursor to the Soviet Super-Soldiers), and for a time wore the Titanium Man power armor.	0
When he was a kid, River would use the phone book to call major studios like Warner Bros and Ren Mar Studios to beg them to put him in a TV show or movie.	1
The best result for Kimi Räikkönen was 5th place at 2010 Rally of Turkey.	0
Unfortunately the Aye-Aye Lemur are often trapped and killed because the people there believe them to have a supernatural link to “evil spirits”.	1
In 1853, Alexandre Dumas moved the offices of his newspaper Le Mousquetaire to the building.	0
1992 - War in Abkhazia: Siege of Tkvarcheli - A helicopter carrying evacuees from Tkvarcheli is shot down, resulting in at least 52 deaths, including 25 children.	0
Acasta also managed one hit from her 4.7-inch guns on Scharnhorst, but was riddled by German gunfire and sank around 6:20.	0
On the next day, the cities of Douma, Harasta and Saqba were under siege, with government checkpoints blocking all roads into the suburbs and soldiers manning checkpoints every 300 meters in these cities.	0
The absentee ballot was introduced as well.	0
Lobulia glacialis Greer, Allison & Cogger, 2005	0
At times, even competitive relations between tribal or ethnic groups are expressed in terms claiming religious superiority.	0
In 1947, Peterson obtained rights for the intercom concept from George Manos who owned one location in Anchorage Alaska which was named Chatter box.	0
In an abelian category, if f:X&rarr;Y is a split epimorphism with split monomorphism g:Y&rarr;X,	0
Some biologists now wish to pair them with Eudocimus albus as two subspecies of the same American ibis.	0
Texas Longhorns offer numerous benefits: (1) reproductive	0
Cunningham has been a long time endorser of Tama Drums and Zildjian Cymbals, and for most of his career, has played the same setup.	0
From the generator the hot water gas would pass into the top of the carburetor where light petroleum oils would be injected into the gas stream.	0
Mars is the 4th planet from the Sun, and the 7th largest planet.	1
Due to the cougars vast range, the cougar is known in different places by different names.	1
He is considered one of the best and most consistent hitters in baseball history.	0
The film was nominated for an Oscar in 1984 for Best Music, Original Song Score and Its Adaptation or Best Adaptation Score by	0
Cougars become sexually mature at about 24 months of age.	1
Based on "conservative estimate" of iron production at 1.5 kg per head, assuming a population size of 55m	0
In 1980, following a state reform ten years earlier, the German-Speaking Community of Belgium was established and Eupen was named as its capital.	0
The only times this bird has been seen in different conditions has been along the Queensland coast during drought years.	0
This temperature difference between the two causes violent water-lava interactions that make up the eruption.	0
It is miscible with water, alcohols, diethyl ether, and hydrocarbon solvents.	0
Best friends tend to have secret code names for people they dislike.	1
The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.	1
McNeil supplied a surgeon and instruments, the departed Porter having previously commandeered all medical equipment.	0
Nowadays, innovative single-family houses have been built in Baquio with the architectural style of the 1960s, such as Aretaetxekosolo or Aristondo.	0
"An Analysis of Mountain Lion Predation Upon Mule Deer and Elk in The Idaho Primitive Area" Wildlife Monographs.	0
Floaters are visible because of the shadows they cast on the retina or refraction of the light that passes through them, and can appear alone or together with several others in one’s visual field.	0
* Non EIHA trained player (Import)	0
In some species, such as emperor penguins, young penguins assemble in large groups called crèches.	0
He worked as a gardener in Baltimore, Maryland.	0
The tallest mammal is the giraffe	1
Arnar, Edgar, Sverrir & Ólafur and Kaja Halldórsdóttir qualified to the final, while Seth Sharp and Kristín Ósk Wium left the competition.	0
In the European Union you are not allowed to skip your break if you are working more than 6 hours a day.	1
Image:SantoDomingoChurchOaxaca 118.jpg|Interior, Church of Santo Domingo	0
Although many people think shaving causes the hair to grow back quicker, there is no scientific evidence for this.	1
He moves in next door to them, and confesses to Matsumaru that he loves Aka, and she overhears.	0
Scarecrows were originally made to do exactly what their name suggests: scare off crows and other birds that might ruin the farmer’s crops.	1
Xi'an Stele Forest Museum (Beilin), Xian	0
An early mission statement stated that the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment was to:	0
On the morning of 24 May 1896, a housemaid found Asunción Silva dead in his bed; he had shot himself in the heart the night before.	0
At the 1896 event, silver was awarded to winners and bronze to runners-up, while at 1900 other prizes were given, not medals.	0
173Ladislav KarabinLeft Wing Pittsburgh PenguinsHC Slovan Bratislava (Czechoslovakia)	0
Vasyl’kiv) is a city located on the Stuhna River in the Kiev Oblast (province) in central Ukraine; administrative center of the Vasylkivskyi Raion (district).	0
Marina Diamandis – Marina and the Diamonds, Singer-Songwriter	0
With previously unrevealed abilities, Tai (Thrasher's surrogate mother) confronts and seemingly kills Silhouette.	0
The FDG had one Senator until the 2008 elections, Georges Othily who sat in the RDSE group in the Senate.	0
The French financier and politician Jacques Laffitte (1767–1844) had his mansion at number 27.	0
The Carter administration established an Interest Section in Havana and the Cuban government reciprocated by establishing an Interest Section in Washington, D.C.. Cuba subsequently agreed to the release of several dozen political prisoners and allowed Cuban Americans to return to the island to visit relatives—a privilege that had been denied previously to Cuban citizens living abroad.	0
Nathan has been in over six singing/performance competitions in England, but didn’t really get anywhere until ‘The Wanted’.	1
Dyson vacuum cleaners are made slightly louder for the US market to give the impression of being more powerful.	1
Many parts offer multiple logic gates in a single package and it is common to not need all of them.	0
His first book Seven Stories was published in 1993.	1
In other Slavic languages like Polish, Ukrainian, Croatian, and Bulgarian among others, the word for Sunday means “no work.”	1
The families of more than 30 victims of the Columbine High School massacre were given shares in a $2,538,000 settlement by the families of the perpetrators.	1
For the discovery of the law of photoelectric effect and his work with Theoretical Physics, Albert received the 1921 Physics Nobel Prize.	1
Numerical restraint and regulation of the typologies of flexible labour;	0
"This information he promulgated through the country in the course of his journey.	0
They formed in 1996, in London.	1
Various parts of the sacred Lotus are also used in traditional Asian herbal medicine.	0
titanian (3-5 wt% TiO 2 ) potassium (4-6 wt% K 2 O) richterite	0
In 1949, Choe entered the United States Army Academy.	0
"Leopard shot in Bilaspur turns out to be a record breaker".	0
Thermal pollution is the rise or fall in the temperature of a natural body of water caused by human influence.	0
She attended the LaGuardia High School in Manhattan.	1
This declaration is made on the IRPEF form.	0
By 1849, however, Little Crow was able to take control of the tribe.	0
Sayid shoots a young Ben Linus and Kate and Sawyer save his life by bringing him to Richard Alpert.	0
The entire villages of Campo and Cimalmotto are part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.	0
The age distribution, , in Fischbach is; 206 people or 28.8% of the population is 0–19 years old.	0
Roald Dahl, the world famous children’s author of so many tales including Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda and The BFG, was born in Cardiff in 1916.	1
"Feelin' You" (featuring Slim Thug) – 4:03	0
In July 1921 he was appointed as the Vice-President of the Bank of Agriculture and Commerce.	0
Most of the actors mentioned as being lovers of Ashley have denied the truth of these allegations.	0
1614: John Napier introduces the logarithm to simplify calculations.	0
Ashton Irwin’s middle name is Fletcher.	1
He was a member of boy band, Avenue.	1
Facebook earns an average of US$ 5.85 from every U.S. user!	1
Three bitter battles of World War I were fought into the valleys of the Aisne.	0
He is accompanied by his new girlfriend Carrie, whom he met the previous evening at a nightclub, his best friend Robin, Robin's fiance Dana, and Vincent.	0
Henry George (Harry) Webster, CBE (27 May 1917 – 6 February 2007) was a British automotive engineer who inspired the creation of iconic Triumph cars throughout the 1950s and 1960s.	0
Simon was born and raised in Los Angeles, where he currently lives.	1
All tigers have similar markings on their forehead, which resembles the Chinese symbol Wang, meaning king!	1
Of these, 1,058 or about 77.7% of the residents worked outside Schafisheim while 1,245 people commuted into the municipality for work.	0
In Val Ponci on Via Julia Augusta	0
In January 2013, Subway managed to accumulate 20 million fans of their Facebook Social Media page.	1
Besides Majungasaurus, fossil taxa recovered from the Maevarano include fish, frogs, lizards, snakes, seven distinct species of crocodylomorphs, five or six species of mammals, Vorona and several other birds, the possibly flighted dromaeosaurid Rahonavis, the noasaurid Masiakasaurus and two titanosaurian sauropods, including Rapetosaurus.	0
Investigation of safety surfacing submarine vessels in divorces when exposed to ice excited by flexural-gravity waves Form D: Pec.	0
During the first few weeks the female repeatedly moves her cubs to different hiding places to reduce their risk of being discovered.	0
Her full name is Alicia Augello Cook.	1
His co-worker at the Lyceum, Henry Irving, was the embodiment for all of Dracula’s mannerisms.	1
Uranus’ blue glow is down to the methane in its atmosphere, which filters out all the red light.	1
In March 2010 it was announced that Jason Winer, best known for directing episodes of Modern Family, was chosen as director, making it his first feature film.	0
IEEE International Conference Multimedia Expo (ICME)	0
No one has the ability to make you happy until you’re happy with yourself first.	1
The sun appears half it’s size when viewed from Mars, as compared to Earth!	1
Katō graduated from the Meiji Gakuin University in Tokyo.	0
Beard's interest in photography declined and by 1861 he was describing himself as a "coal merchant".	0
They club was the champions in the 2009 season.	0
In politics, he advocates federalist concepts as a means of promoting freedom from central government and secession for the same political decentralist reasons.	0
Solitude of Self (originally delivered as a speech in 1892; later published in a hard bound edition by Paris Press)	0
It was edited by Morgan as La Continuation de Guillaume de Tyr (1183-1197).	0
Initially the victims were killed with gas vans or by Einsatzgruppen firing squads, but these methods proved impracticable for an operation of this scale.	0
The Vulcan homeworld, also named Vulcan, was mentioned in the original series, and in the script-adaptation anthology Star Trek 2, author James Blish put the planet in orbit around the star 40 Eridani A, 16 light years from Earth, an identification later adopted by Roddenberry.	0
The frozen foods were first introduced in the 1920.	1
One of the first and most notable was Norway's Fantoft stave church, which the police believed was burnt by Varg Vikernes.	0
At the time, the authorities and the public celebrated a determined Belgian resistance that the Germans did not expect.	0
El Nuevo Reino de Galicia (The New Kingdom of Galicia) or Nueva Galicia was an autonomous kingdom of the Viceroyalty of New Spain.	0
As well as professional dancers, Taylor asked her fans to star in her music video for ‘Shake it Off‘.	1
An editorial, leading article (UK) or leader (UK), is an opinion piece written by the senior editorial staff or publisher of a newspaper, magazine, or any other written document.	0
bar:1991 at:987 fontsize:XS text: 987 shift:(-8,5)	0
From Sylvia Theatre School, he attended Ranelagh School, which was a local church secondary school.	1
"He said that after a while, murder is not just a crime of lust or violence," Hagmaier related.	0
Females are better at distinguishing colors, while males excel at tracking fast moving objects and discerning detail from a distance.	1
Also in Schüttorf, there is a whole range of residential buildings that are worth seeing.	0
He once applied for a job as a lifeguard.	1
Sandy (novel), a popular 1905 novel by Alice Hegan Rice	0
Noah’s full name is Noah Gregory Centineo, he is 22 years old and was born May 9, 1996.	1
In his view, the only solution to prevent such abuse in the future was that "a majority of individuals declares or acts as if it wants nothing from government, declares it will look after its own welfare and interests", or specifically that "a majority finds the moral courage and the internal fortitude to reject the something-for-nothing con game and replace it by voluntary associations, voluntary communes, or local rule and decentralized societies".	0
The UK cereal is manufactured in Burton Latimer, Northamptonshire, and in Canada and exported to over 80 countries.	0
There are three conditions to fulfill before a glycan is transferred to a nascent polypeptide:	0
Disneyland employees were not allowed to have mustaches until 2000.	1
However, there has been no consensus as to exact timing of this expansion (King and Battalia favour a neolithic expansion, possibly coinciding with the adoption of farming by indigenous Balkaners, whilst Cruciani favours a Bronze Age expansion), nor as to where V13 actually arose (but point to somewhere in the southern Balkans or Anatolia)	0
In addition, six NJT bus routes (313, 315, 316, 317, 318, and 551) originate and terminate from this terminal.	0
The collective reward for unanimous (or even frequent) defection is very low payoffs (representing the destruction of the "commons").	0
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:	0
Laughter is a sound which does not have any language.	1
"Crescent Moon" is Mika Nakashima's 2nd single.	0
In 1900, he was awarded a pension under a private pension act approved by Congress.	0
1993 - An IRA bomb devastates the Bishopsgate area of London.	0
Two&apos;s A Crowd (1950) - with Frisky Puppy; his first pairing with Frisky.	0
The orbit ephemeris and clock corrections were uploaded twice each day to each satellite from one of the four Navy tracking and injection stations.	0
He had previously worked with director Edgar G. Ulmer on The Man from Planet X and respected his work.	0
Erlang Public License (based on MPL v1.0)	0
Mrs Alving in Ghosts at the Old Vic, 1958–59 and the Prince's Theatre, London, 1959	0
Mose Allison – "Eyesight to the Blind"	0
Hugh Hamilton (1729–1805), Bishop of Ossory	0
Leah Erbe performed the cover of "Octopus's Garden" on the Motion Picture Soundtrack for .	0
[99] California has actively sought to protect the cat and has an estimated population of 4,000 to 6,000.	0
The ice-capped mountains are some of the highest peaks of eastern North America, reaching a height of above sea level.	0
So, the determination of its orbital period, along with those of the other Galilean satellites, was an early focus for astronomers.	0
In the spring of 2003, lifts were installed between the cross-platform hall and the platforms to provide barrier-free access for the disabled.	0
The first metered taxi was introduced in 1907	1
This was followed by comprehensive losses against Italy (53-17), Ireland (62-12) and Australia (68-22).	0
In the event that an air force officer is appointed to the position of Chief of Defence Forces (formerly Supreme Commander), then he has always held the rank of air chief marshal.	0
Genera Palmarum: the evolution and classification of palms.	0
The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.	1
The outer-layer of the Earth’s core is believed to be liquid, whereas the inner-layer of the Core is believed to be a solid as hot as the Sun!	1
20.00% of all households are made up of individuals and 7.60% have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older.	0
Later on, she was fired from the job and took up stripping as recommended by her former grocery store manager.	1
Jason Kidd (8) (tie)New Jersey Nets	0
Hoult also voices a character called Elliot on the video game, Fable III.	1
In 1996, after decades of carrying a cover price, the Voice became one of the last alternative weeklies in America to become free of charge.	0
When the Noldor led by Fingolfin discovered their betrayal, they went farther north and crossed the sea at the Grinding Ice which cost them many lives.	0
Final standings: América 10 points, Fluminense, Nacional 8, Argentinos Juniors 7.	0
Monaleen (Móin a'Lín) are the only city club to play football at the senior grade.	0
For a few years some structures were designed in a composite style sometimes called Postconstructivism.	0
Today is International Plastic Bag Free Day.	1
The largest chicken egg ever recorded weighed 12 ounces and contained two yolks.	1
To makes ends meet during his lengthy stay, Mohinder takes a job as a taxi driver and picks up a passenger named Peter Petrelli, who asks him about "being special."	0
In general, a penguins lifespan ranges from 15 to 20 years.	1
Although slower yet than the A-1, nearly all of the troubles of the A-1 were gone, and finally the Ju 88 matured into a superb warplane.	0
The Jardine instrument was itself a replacement for a short-lived experimental design by Compton of 1938, involving remote pipework relayed into the Cathedral by microphones and loudspeakers.	0
He has so far directed four features.	0
Crows sometimes attack people, but these attacks are generally not very serious.	1
Listings data for IPGs integrated into digital terrestrial television and radio receivers of the present day is typically sent within each station's MPEG transport stream, or alongside it in a special data stream.	0
On 8 August 1921 the system was revised; the surviving protected cruisers and the peace cruiser/patrol gunboats were all grouped with the scout cruisers as Light Cruisers (CL).	0
As of December 2018, The Itchy &amp; Scratchy Show that takes place within The Simpsons, has 107 episodes.	1
He likes to take long showers.	1
AFL unions lost membership steadily until 1933.	0
Without the strong presence of Manuel, the military advantage in Anatolia reverted to the Seljuqs.	0
Raymond Berry (born 1933), American former football player and member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame	0
When it resumed in 1940 during war time, it was dubbed the Grand Prix of Brescia, and held on a short course in the plains of Northern Italy that was lapped nine times.	0
Both of his parents were lawyers who also ran a restaurant.	1
Strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.	1
In Japan, the manga sold over 16 million copies; over 1 million anime DVDs were also sold.	0
The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 5,000 in 2001 commune census.	0
But that isn’t Becky’s only strange eating habit: she loves to sit and eat hot sauce on its own too!	1
Sony makes more money as an insurance company in Japan than selling electronics.	1
Released on 27 August 2007 in Europe and on 25 September in North America and Japan, the album received generally favorable reviews and entered the UK Rock Chart at number 33.	0
Nancy Kress has earned seven nominations and George R. R. Martin, Kim Stanley Robinson, and Lucius Shepard six, and are the only authors besides Willis and Silverberg to get more than four.	0
The song's popularity grew; The Vampire Diaries used the song in previews for the television show's season finale.	0
In other words, the domain was defined in terms of kokudaka, not land area.	0
At the beginning only four teams entered the National Championship.	0
Tracy Hoffman said, "He's all about order.	0
A two-day donation drive initiated by the fans brought 1 million Marks, the remaining sum was loaned to the club by two banks.	0
Nash and his father run 26MGMT, a celebrity and talent management company.	1
It was a cut-down version of the 16 KB Extended BASIC, since the Model I had 12 KB of ROM space.	0
Everyone has a unique tongue print	1
It was held in Halifax, Canada from February 21 to 28.	0
Hence the additional costs of the incentives for early deployment should be considered learning investments; they must be wisely spent and need to be widely shared.	0
Camels were historically used to help with construction and other labor around the country, but now there are more than one million wild camels in the deserts.	1
Sleeping position is determined by the current status of the cow in the group.	0
While there are many versions / translations of The Bible, the LDS church uses primarily the King James version.	1
N(a) = O\left(\frac{(\log a)(\log \log \log a)}{(\log \log a)^3}\right),\,	0
Yohanna performed 12th in the running order of the semi-final, following Bulgaria and preceding Macedonia.	0
The character originated in 1978 on Dallas as the mother of Lucy Ewing and ex-wife of Gary Ewing (the second son of oil baron Jock and Miss Ellie Ewing).	0
On 2...gxf5 3.Kf4, White's king will capture Black's f-pawn, then retreat to h1, reaching a bishop and opposite-colored rook pawn draw.	0
The 1971 Woody Allen movie, “Bananas” made a whopping $11.8 million dollars, and appeared in numerous top hit lists including American Film Institute’s 2000 and AFI’s 100 years 100 laughs.	1
Abicht made his magister in 1786 and his doctor in philosophy 1790.	0
He has ophidiophobiam, which is the fear of snakes.	1
Despite being only able to reach 49 inches in height, lotus flowers can spread 10 feet horizontally.	1
Michelangelo was required to provide a setting for the statue and to bring order to an irregular hilltop already encumbered by two crumbling medieval buildings set at an acute angle to one another.	0
Raj Bhopal writes that the history of racism in science and medicine shows that people and institutions behave according to the ethos of their times.	0
Due to the cougars vast range, the cougar is known in different places by different names.	1
29th May is National Put A Pillow On Your Fridge Day.	1
On 13 May, after returning from his Grimsby Town loan, Kalala was released by Oldham, after the club decided not to renew his contract.	0
There were reports that Amodio would train only part-time with Morozov in 2011–2012, due to Russia not wanting foreign skaters to use Russian-funded coaches and facilities in the run-up to the Sochi Olympics, but Morozov rejected the reports.	0
In 1823 the state appointed University of North Carolina Professor Denison Olmsted to begin a survey of mineral resources – particularly gold.	1
Around a million, billion neutrinos from the Sun will pass through your body while you read this sentence!	1
Amt Heiratsamt ( ) it controlled the selection of suitable wives by SS men.	0
The term "happily ever after" was originally used as "happily until they died."	1
The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.	1
There are difficulties in measuring both the numerator, the number of voters who cast votes, and the denominator, the number of voters eligible to vote.	0
However, the 15th Panzer Grenadier Division managed to scramble across 7th Army's front to join the other German formations in the east of the island and so little real resistance was now expected in the west.	0
The man who voiced for Optimus Prime also gave voice to Eeyore and Nintendo’s Mario!	1
Le Chagrin du zèbre, Editions du Rocher, 1998, ISBN 978-2-268-02807-1	0
Rock band Muse heavily influence her writing.	1
MLS Goalkeeper of the Year: 2010, 2013	0
The October 2012 issue of Ultra Jump contained a special booklet titled 25 Years With JoJo, also in celebration of the anniversary, featuring messages and tribute art from well-known manga artists such as Akira Toriyama, Yoshihiro Togashi, Eiichiro Oda, Clamp, and 18 others.	0
On 26 September 1976, on the eve of Meskel, the Tigrayan People&apos;s Liberation Front (TPLF) turned back an advance by an armed detachment of 250 Ethiopian Democratic Union fighters at Chiameskebet, a village near Shiraro, on 26 September 1976, forcing them to retreat across the Tekezé.	0
In 1987, a new law assigned the sixteen arrondissements of Marseille to eight secteurs, two arrondissements per secteur, as explained above; and in Marseille there are now only eight mairies d'arrondissement, each one administering both arrondissements of each secteur.	0
He was in an ITV1 drama called If I Had You.	1
Formulation of Environmental Protection Act 1997	0
Generally, white gold is coated with a very thin layer of rhodium to give it greater depth of color and shine.	0
Spider-Man goes to OsCorp to foil the heist there, defeating many cronies and saving countless civilians and scientists, as well as disabling the eight bombs Doctor Octopus placed in the building.	0
However, the head was rotated by 180° compared with the motorcycle engine.	0
The Traction Avant had three revolutionary features: a unitary body with no separate frame, front wheel independent suspension, and front wheel drive.	0
The human eye can see 500 shades of grey.	1
Becker's work on deviant careers is greatly influenced by the work of his mentor Everett Hughes.	0
Her first philanthropic activities concerned providing food and medicine to the poor.	0
Moore graduated from Harvard College in 1949, and one of his first jobs was working in television production and then at the Sheraton Hotel Company co-founded by his father, Robert Lowell Moore.	0
Yields of up to 80% of saleable	0
Due to post war conditions she did not return to Hamburg until 17 March 1920.	0
Machop can learn Strength, which is the only HM move it can learn.	1
ONUCA - Observer Group in Central America	0
As of 2012, in the United States, a large volume of troubled mortgages remained in place.	0
African immigrants have even been reported to have lowered crime rates in neighborhoods in which they have moved into.	0
Neither Christoph Eigenmann nor Roddy Darragon, number one and three in the overall standings before the race, finished, and were thus eliminated from the overall competition.	0
When Instagram launched the video function in 2013, 5 million videos were uploaded in the first 24 hours.	1
According to the BBC, she was five metres (16 ft) long and weighed about seven tonnes (24,400 lb).	0
The most famous piece of work done by van Gogh, Starry Night, was done while Vincent was staying in an asylum in France that he checked himself into.	1
On the top front of their mouths, cows have a tough pad of skin instead of teeth.	1
Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain,	0
They lay down pheromones along the trails by dragging their abdomens.	0
After a major field and stadium renovation in 2010, the stadium features a synthetic turf field by Athletic Surfaces Plus and a video scoreboard.	0
The Land of Halicz had one senator, and starostas, who resided in Halicz, Trembowla, Kolomuja, Tlumacz, Rohatyn, Jablonow, Sniatyn, Krasnopol, and other locations.	0
Bipedalism is a form of terrestrial locomotion where an organism moves by means of its two rear limbs, or legs.	0
The force of gravity can sometimes cause comets to tear apart.	1
In 1969 Tölö was merged into the City of Kungsbacka.	0
Josh was born in Ascot, United Kingdom.	1
Dotty's friends were highly protective of her, and resented it when she joined them in the field...which the girl frequently did, after running out of "homework."	0
Elena is paid to read her daughters scripts and analyse the characters involved.	1
They attacked the synthetic oil plants at Wesseling and Scholven/Buer, railway junctions at Aulnoye and Revigny and a flying-bomb launching site at Acque.	0
Demi was a vegetarian for a year.	1
With few exceptions, the objects are made from single pieces of stone that weigh on average each.	0
It is believed by many that the white of the candy cane represents the purity of Jesus.	1
In anaphylaxis (a severe systemic reaction to allergens, such as nuts, bee stings, or drugs), body-wide degranulation of mast cells leads to vasodilation and, if severe, symptoms of life-threatening shock.	0
Outstanding Individual Achievement for Producing in an Animated Feature Production	0
"Critically endangered Arabian leopards Panthera pardus nimr persist in the Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve, Oman".	0
Vampirella & the Blood-Red Queen of Hearts (reprints from #49, 60- 62, 65-66, 101-102)	0
This song was featured in July 2010 on a new DLC episode, for the Xbox 360 videogame Alan Wake, entitled "The Signal".	0
Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.	1
From the Heroine Virtual website's NEWS section: "Speed curves mainly for video & in degraded quality for audio.	0
Lamborghini cars were invented when the Lamborghini tractor company was insulted by the creator of Ferrari.	1
On 28th May 2002, the Mars Odyssey found signs of ice deposits on the planet Mars.	1
After spawning, some stocks migrate down the continental slope to deeper water and spend the rest of the winter in relative inactivity.	0
He gave up his lifelong fun of playing baseball due to his changing interest in recording videos.	1
/nápóahtenáhnó/ nápôȧhtsenáhno ‘I punched him in the mouth’	0
After nearly two decades of acrimony, Pink Floyd reunited in 2005 for a performance at the global awareness event Live 8.	0
Bourbon whiskey made primarily from corn was invented in America in the 18th Century.	1
Will Smith owed $2.8 million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for "The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air."	1
His need for representation led to the establishment of the Collegiate church in Hechingen.	0
Residents can call in advance to schedule pickup for transport within the county by two government sponsored agencies ("Dial-A-Ride" within the city of Midland and "County Connection" for those outside the city of Midland but still within Midland County) for a nominal fee.	0
The most liked brand on Facebook in the US is Walmart followed by Target, Amazon, Samsung mobile, Subway and Starbucks.	1
Flors del Calvari (Flowers of Calvary, 1896)	0
Fábri was also the president of the Hungarian Film Artist Union from 1959 to 1981.	0
For example, the dress code of some companies and schools require pantyhose or fashion tights to be worn when skirts or shorts are worn or as part of a uniform.	0
The band originally started life as The Obelisk, with musicians and friends Robert Smith, Michael Dempsey, Lawrence Tolhurst, Marc Ceccagno and Alan Hill.	1
Alpha bronze alloys of 4–5% tin are used to make coins, springs, turbines and blades.	0
The procedure was first described in 1852.	0
He won promotion to the European Tour itself via the qualifying school later that year.	0
Nominoe may not have possessed any land outside Vannes and his ability to gather revenue in Breton-speaking territories was probably no greater than any other aristocrat of those regions.	0
William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.	1
In the past, it has been grouped with the other barbets in the Capitonidae.	0
But, as Budden notes, Verdi adopted a somewhat passive attitude, impressed as he was at being able to work with this librettist.	0
Calliophis melanurus (Shaw, 1802) - Indian coral snake (India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka)	0
During the first world war, President Woodrow Wilson had a flock of sheep that he used to trim the lawns at the White House!	1
Courted in society and generously spending an ample fortune, in 1799 he married Lady Charlotte Matilda Bruce, daughter of Charles, 5th Earl of Elgin who died in 1816 and secondly in 1817 Ann Elizabeth, daughter and heiress of Sir John Henderson of Fordell, Baronet, whom he survived only 3 months, he died at Naples on the 2.4.1845 and was interred beneath the West Isle of this Church.	0
There is also another variation where the leg that will be dropped on the opponent is swung forward while in a standing position next to his opponent then swiftly swung back and the momentum from the pendulum motion carries the attacker through a somersault and the leg is dropped on which ever body part is targeted.	0
This can also refer to the Orange Cestrum (Cestrum aurantiacum).	0
As a child, he, his brother and next door neighbour would ride their bicycles in their gardens, pretending to catch Pokémon.	1
Some special aspects of the temple complex are: the belief that Maitreya (Byams pa) assures rebirth to those whose remains are brought to the cemetery below Keu tshang and it is also believed that light rays are exchanged between the Maitreya image here and the Maitreya Chapel at the northern end of the Barskor in Lhasa.	0
During his jaunt, he met a local farmer with a name that bears a striking resemblance to the ill-fated character of Lovecraft's tale: one Bert G. Akley.	0
The earlier date reflects the time when an executive branch proclamation of the seven pointed commonwealth star version was published in the Commonwealth of Australia Gazette.	0
The hippopotamus is the whales closest living relative.	1
You give them to the government, and the government then gives you some milk.	0
He praised Peck's character for his "burning temper and melancholy moods", although he said that Ava Gardner was "pliant and impulsive" in a role "as soggy and ambiguous as any in the film".	0
"Le Laos et le Protectorat Français".	0
They sit and wait for prey on the nearby rocks and logs.	1
They are high in vitamin C.	1
Key song: "Sidewalk Talk" by John &quot;Jellybean&quot; Benitez.	0
Březina is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	0
1638 - Tokugawa shogunate forces put down the Shimabara Rebellion when they retake Hara Castle from the rebels.	0
Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.	1
Older style albums often were simply books of heavy paper which photos could be glued to or attached to with adhesive corners, or pages.	0
Speed humps are thus usually not placed on primary response routes.	0
Van-Dúnem was the 71st candidate on the MPLA's national list in the September 2008 parliamentary election.	0
Today, each is owned by different entities.	0
Freddie Mercury was completely confident in his performance, his singing and playing abilities but he wasn’t actually confident in his piano skills and feared playing “Bohemian Rhapsody.”	1
The Al Maktoum Bridge toll gate will be free when the Floating Bridge is closed for traffic to ease the process for motorists.	0
The cow’s milk is stored in the bulk tank where it is kept cool and fresh.	0
Moltres is the only Fire-type Pokémon to learn SolarBeam by level-up.	1
Chernobyl-4 RBMK-1000 LWGR (exploded in Chernobyl disaster 1986)	0
Their first upload was in June 2010, and by seven months later, they had quite an online following.	1
When the film was released in 1955, Bosley Crowther, film critic for The New York Times, gave it a positive review, writing, "In a style of dramatic documentation that is as sharp and sure as was that of On the Waterfront — or, for a more appropriate comparison, that of the memorable All the King's Men — scriptwriters Crane Wilbur and Dan Mainwaring and director Phil Karlson expose the raw tissue of corruption and terrorism in an American city that is steeped in vice.	0
She won Miss Asia Pacific in the year 2000.	0
the penultimate performance was by Hreindís Ylva Garðarsdóttir Holm, who performed "Vornótt" (Spring night), which was composed by Erla Gígja Þorvaldsdóttir and written by Hilmir Jóhannesson.	0
The cow’s milk is stored in the bulk tank where it is kept cool and fresh.	0
1,5-Cyclooctadiene is the organic compound with the chemical formula C 8 H 12 .	0
Fort Saint Louis (Martinique), a 17th-century fortress in Fort-de-France, Martinique	0
The play Silent Partner by Charles Marowitz	0
The average potato produces 36 potato chips (crisps).	1
The Southern Ute Indian Reservation is located in southwestern Colorado, with its capital at Ignacio.	0
Scott of The New York Times gave a more positive review, praising the film's car chase sequences, while declaring the overall film "an energetic, unpretentious B movie".	0
On 25 April, Feast of Saint Mark and Liberation Day, the released prisoners were celebrated in Piazza San Marco.	0
His favourite album of all time is The Best of Queen.	1
There are two genera, each containing two species.	0
The Earth is struck by lightning over 100 times every second	1
Maria Callas, Franceso Albanese, Anselmo Colzani, Fiorenza Cossotto Conducted by Nino Sanzogno	0
Eric Davis – professional baseball player	0
If there is a sufficient portion of the upper duodenum remaining a Billroth I procedure is performed, where the remaining portion of the stomach is reattached to the duodenum before the bile duct and the duct of the pancreas.	0
"Concerto for Two Horns in D Major" TWV 52:D1	0
A second prototype, K8620 equipped with a turret was modified with telescopic radio masts, revision to the canopy and changes to the undercarriage fairing plates.	0
After that, she began calling their lunch table the "Summer Table", and only someone who had a name relating to the season summer could sit there.	0
Great White sharks belong to the Mackerel shark family.	1
Derry Under 21s claimed back-to-back Ulster Under 21 titles in 2007 and 2008.	0
It is thought to be a remnant of a dwarf galaxy that was absorbed in a collision with ESO 243-49.	0
Eventually the song saw release as the first new Beatles single since 1970.	0
He faces a crisis when his daughter is sexually assaulted by a high school boxing star from a rich, well-connected family and he finds no help from the school or police authorities.	0
The currently recognized species in this genus are:	0
If you meet him and give him your Twitter name, he will follow you.	1
A commentary carried by the Yangtse Evening News criticised such practice as mere commercial gimmickry to exploit the fame of Liu Bei.	0
The most fatal car accidents occur on Saturdays	1
U.S. Route 441 Bypass (around Dublin)	0
They can also pant like a dog as well.	0
Books may also be challenged at a local, community level.	0
Cochran was the grandfather of film and television producer Alex Johns, who co-executive produced more than seventy episodes of the animated television series Futurama.	0
Made of reinforced concrete and cooled with ammonia refrigeration, these tracks are smooth and have g-forces of up to 4g (Four times the athlete's body weight).	0
However, he finds his footing in the Boston office, becoming a mentor to the associates, particularly Katie Lloyd, Clarence Bell and Jerry Espenson.	0
Saint Albans is the northern terminus of the Vermonter, an all-coach train operated by Amtrak, the national passenger rail system.	0
After ballet school, she attended the National Institute of Dramatic Arts – where Cate Blanchett and Hugo Weaving had also attended.	1
The two types are black eumelanin and brown eumelanin.	0
They have a pulse rate of 27.	1
The Harp in the orchestral works of Bulgarian Composers (1900–1930)	0
At age 10, Swift was singing at a variety of local events, including contests &amp; fairs.	1
On her blog, Palmer has stated that she had an abortion at age 17.	0
They can also be used as scientific sample vessels; for instance, in autosampler devices in analytical chromatography.	0
Two cases of leopards killing cheetahs have been reported in 2014.	0
Ivar de Graaf – drums (1996–1998, 1999–2001)	0
Occurs in seasonally dry forests, including tropical dry forests, arid forests, subtropical dry forests, and the more arid parts of tropical moist forests.	0
Grad (toponymy) (Cyrillic: Град) is a Slavic word that appears in numerous Slavic toponyms	0
Conflicts exist between bodies of international law (ratified by the United States or not) and those applied under "homeland security".	0
On 25 April 1947 the British Motor Racing Research Trust was formed with the engine already under development.	0
It is one of the most popular forms of gambling in the United Kingdom.	0
After a series of visits to Johnny's parents' home, Frank bonds with the dog whose mischievous spirit reminds him of his incarcerated friend.	0
The Moody Blues covered the song on their 1965 debut album The Magnificent Moodies.	0
"Space" and "Time" were broadcast during the Comic Relief Red Nose Day telethon on 18 March 2011 on BBC One.	0
1993: Goldener Gong for Einer zahlt immer	0
The Consulate of Italy17 Lê Duẩn Ward, Bến Nghé, DISTRICT 1, HO CHI MINH CITY	0
List of programs broadcast by MTV	0
Emanuel Lasker had virtually retired after retaining the Chess World Championship in 1897, in part due to his doctoral studies in mathematics, but defended his title against Frank J. Marshall from January 26 to April 6, 1907, in the USA, games being played in New York, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Baltimore, Chicago and Memphis.	0
The average person eats eight pounds of grapes each year.	1
When he was 17, he had cholera which left him bedridden for nine months and brought him near death many times.	1
Lagrange's formula's ease of calculation is best achieved by its "barycentric forms".	0
Salicylic acid has been shown to work through several different pathways.	0
During late January and February, the army was transferred to the Carolinas, where it joined other Confederate forces fighting against Sherman's troops marching through the Carolinas.	0
The captive green junglefowl requires warm aviaries with lots of foliage and cover due to their shy nature and are fed with grains and seeds, as well as fruit and insects as these are the same type of food they would feed on in the wild.	0
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent	0
Until the year 1925, the color brown in some paints and dyes was actually produced from ground up ancient Egyptian mummies!	1
Purple is the hardest color for the eye to distinguish.	1
Jack Dail, Ethan Dolan and Grayson Dolan are just a few of the Vine stars he has teamed up with to create videos online.	1
She has a young, wealthy and lovely daughter called Dorinda, and a sluggard son, Squire Sullen, who has recently married a comely London lady.	0
The remainder of the field would have been filled with the longbowmen behind their palings.	0
In March 1918, ethnic and religious tension grew and the Armenian-Azeri conflict in Baku began.	0
He is most well-known for his role as Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory.	1
When he was younger, Carter Reynolds used to play competitive tennis.	1
She appeared on the video for Michael Jackson’s “Liberian Girl”.	1
Rabbi Johanan interpreted the words, “And it came to pass about this time, that he went into the house to do his work,” in to teach that both Joseph and Potiphar’s wife had the intention to act immorally.	0
The world's longest recorded hangover lasted 4 weeks after a Scotsman drank 60 pints of beer.	1
Most starts in a season: Joseph Sibiya 41 (1992)	0
A herd of sixty cows is capable of producing a ton of milk in less than a day.	1
An award-winning author, he has been described as "a worthy inheritor" of "the modernist tradition in Irish fiction."	0
Nintendo are raking in the benefits of the app, even though Pokémon Go is of course a free download, Nintendo’s stock prices increased by 23% after the app’s launch.	1
On average, we live for 28,470 days.	1
It is made from unripe green walnuts.	0
Quinn scored a career high 26 points against the Detroit Pistons on April 15, 2009 on 9-of-13 shooting.	0
This glass transmits visible wavelengths but absorbs infrared.	0
Cribbage, or crib, is a card game traditionally for two players, but commonly played with three, four, or more, that involves playing and grouping cards in combinations which gain points.	0
They have dark coloured wings with long tips that enables them to hover in the air.	1
A bio-bibliographical guide to current writers in fiction, general nonfiction, poetry, journalism, drama, motion pictures, television, and other fields.	0
The most valuable nutrients of a potato are its skin	1
The diet of peafowl generally consists of a variety of plants, insects and certain reptiles and amphibians.	1
Upper Sugarloaf Key is located about 15 miles east of Key West, between Park Key and Cudjoe Key.	0
Maat Mons, Venus’ largest volcano, stands at 5 miles high!	1
Carly Rae Jepsen is older than both Adele and Lady Gaga	1
It was confirmed in Gary Barlow's autobiography My Take, that in 2006, fellow Take That member, Jason Orange threatened to quit the band, and Ward was seriously considered as his replacement.	0
In the nodes of Ranvier, mitochondria serve as an important role in impulse conduction by producing the ATP that is essential to maintain the activity of energy-demanding ion pumps.	0
"Exhale (Shoop Shoop)" received mainly positive reviews from music critics; most of which were positive about Houston's 'soulful' performance and vocal maturity.	0
One of the key factors in solving these problems is the use of DCE/RPC as the underlying RPC mechanism behind DCOM.DCE/RPC has strictly defined rules regarding marshalling and who is responsible for freeing memory.	0
Â Leopards are widely spread over the sub-Saharan Africa and Asia.	0
Incorporation would become a blessing in 1960, when much of the city was destroyed by Hurricane Donna.	0
Formula Renault 2.0 Italia Winter Series	0
In the late 1990s, Union were only allowed to continue playing at the Alte Försterei on the basis of special temporary licenses until the DFL (German Football League) stopped continue renewing these in 2006, meaning the stadium would soon no longer be eligible to stage any matches in the top three tiers of German football.	0
If the Earth had no atmosphere, the oceans would evaporate.	1
On your birthday you share it with 9 million others	1
He wears a wrist watch on his ankle and has tried to make it a trend.	1
Blue eyes are the result of an ancient genetic mutation!	1
The word ‘Pew’ is from the sound of a laser gun, and ‘die’ just meant the laser shot killed.	1
In Toy Story 2 in the scene where Buzz gives a speech in front of the American flag, the flag was edited to be a globe for release in non-American countries.	1
On 1st May 2015, Charlie released a five-song extended play called ‘Some Type of Love’.	1
Starting with the 1979–80 season, points were awarded to the top 15 finishers in each race.	0
David Alaba missed the penalty, but Arsenal lost the match 2–0.	0
The lawsuit ended up determining that while Interplay would be allowed to work with materials already using the Dark Alliance Engine, they would not be able to use it for any future games.	0
Perhaps the brightest star to play for St Pats was Paul McGrath.	0
"Tartle" is the word for that panicky hesitation just before you have to introduce someone whose name you can't quite remember.	1
Today even CtP (computer-to-plate) plates are available making it a full-fledged, modern printing process.	0
December 9 – Gemma Frisius, Dutch mathematician and cartographer (died 1555).	0
Luke also has a dog called Molly.	1
Elvis Presley’s daughter, Lisa Marie, became the wife of Michael Jackson on 26th May 1994, but they divorced after 4 years.	1
Nicole Zimmermann (b) Elke Hipler (s)7:07.99	0
These sketches were used as a reference by other authors of Podcast like .	0
There are about 30 million dead people on Facebook!	1
He originates from Oklahoma, in the United States.	1
Giant tortoises can live in captivity longer than any other animal	1
The standard was first published by the ETSI in 1994, and subsequently became the most widely used transmission system for digital cable television in Europe.	0
Lutherstadt Wittenberg station is the railway station.	0
There is also sexual dimorphism in the species, with males being larger, having a deeper caudal peduncle and a pronounced hump behind the anus.	0
1915Francis Loweno competitionno competitionWilliam Johnston (1/3)	0
The only continent with no active volcanoes is Australia	1
One More Chance ( ; Three Good Men), a 2005 Singaporean film by Jack Neo which portrays the lives of three convicts in prison.	0
Underwood's pocket gopher (Orthogeomys underwoodi) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	0
(1964) Hebrew myths: The book of Genesis.	0
Kambona himself had his own "revelations" concerning the national identities of other Tanzanian leaders including President Nyerere himself.	0
Calm and laid back, he runs the school broadcasting system.	0
For most of Serie A's history there were 16 or 18 clubs competing at the top level; however, since 2004-05 there have been 20 clubs altogether.	0
On Body and Music in "A Clockwork Orange".	0
It took place from 7 June to 14 June, and was part of both the 2009 UCI ProTour and the inaugural World Calendar.	0
A complete restoration also took place in 1933, and a smaller one in 1973.	0
Hugging for one hour can burn 70 Calories.	1
Life has only been present on Earth for only 5%-10% of its lifetime!	1
Music can help time pass by quicker, make your workouts stronger, and help you feel less pain.	1
The British Film Institute's Sight &amp; Sound year-end poll for 2007 had Syndromes and a Century tied for seventh best with four other films.	0
The following teams and driver combinations have been confirmed.	0
The word 'underground is the only word that begins and ends with the letters 'und'	1
Eventually they divided Europe at the Treaty of Verdun.	0
The Bun Shop is owned by his younger brother Brian, and business partner James Seok.	1
In the United States, which contains 8 percent of the world's forests, there are more trees than there were 100 years ago.	1
Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.	1
On July 19, 2007, Fox was called up from Double A Tennessee to the major leagues after shortstop César Izturis was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates.	0
All songs written by David Bowie except where noted.	0
the notice prefixed by Sainte-Beuve to the Lettres	0
Apple’s first company logo featured a drawing of the father of physics, Sir Isaac Newton.	1
Louis has licked Zayn’s lips before – the fact that he is not gay still stands.	1
bar:1931 at:730 fontsize:XS text: 730 shift:(-8,5)	0
The Pour le Merite (commonly called the Blue Max) came on 31 May 1918, when Löwenhardt's tally had reached 24.	0
The first two are also rival poker players.	0
Jajce was always known for its rich history but it was in the year 2006 that the city was first nominated to be listed as a UNESCO heritage site.	0
of [P] for poll or [PS] for poll with scurs.	0
As you become close to someone, you can hear their voice in your head when you read their texts.	1
The first commercial text message was sent in December 1992.	1
She spent a whole summer at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.	1
Catoptrophobia is the fear of mirrors	1
The Dreamcast’s newest game ‘Ghost Blade‘, which was released on 21st September 2015.	1
He also auditioned for a low-budget feature film Called ‘Vampires Don’t Cry’, where he played a 15-year-old School boy.	1
Gary Puckett, lead singer and namesake of 1960s band Gary Puckett and the Union Gap was born in Hibbing.	0
In Slovakia they have Christmas Carp that live in the family bathtub for a few days before they are eaten.	1
Progression - Introduced in Fall 2009, the Progression is a double cut-away design made out of Maple body with Poplar 'wings', either a Maple or Rosewood fretboard, and is available with Black, Sunburst, Trans Cream, and Trans Caramel finishes.	0
All watches provide the time of day, giving at least the hour and minute, and usually the second.	0
All the water in the municipality is in lakes.	0
From 1959 to 1964 he studied at Yerevan Fine Arts Institute.	0
Cougars leave scat near scrapes, along trails, in arroyos, under overhangs, in caves, and near kills.	0
"The Edge of Eden" Helen Benedict	0
Shead, Norman F., "The Origins of the Medieval Diocese of Glasgow", in the Scottish Historical Review, 48 (1969), pp.	0
In interviews, he mentioned how he would sometimes turn up for work half-drunk.	1
Horror is a film genre seeking to elicit a negative emotional reaction from viewers by playing on the audience's primal fears.	0
Among the various Indian cultures, the Bengalis were relatively quick to adapt to the British rule and actually used its principles (such as the judiciary and the legislature) in the subsequent political struggle for independence.	0
Nicki dislikes cats, and much rather prefers dogs.	1
Rowan Atkinson – also known as Mr. Bean – is the voice of Zazu in The Lion King.	1
Bede, in a freely-distributable PDF document.	0
Beyond Good & Evil (video game), the original 2003 video game	0
The 22 Fw 190s committed destroyed 43 Typhoons and Spitfires and damaged 60 more in a 20 minute attack on the 2nd TAF airfield at Eindhoven (JG 3 claimed 116 destroyed).	0
They leave scratches on trees, urine scent marks and poop so that other leopards will stay well away.	0
Volkswagen sold more sausages than cars in 2015	1
This comes from the days when farming was intended to be done inside the city.	0
bar:1951 at:3943 fontsize:XS text: 3943 shift:(-8,5)	0
This breed has been used in creating several hybrid beef breeds such as Beefmaster, Brahmousin, Brangus, Simbrah, and Brahford.	0
– his personal account of his participation in non-violent Dutch Resistance as an author.	0
His early work is all in the form of the typical 15th-century Portuguese poetry (the vilancete, the cantiga, the esparsa and the trova).	0
However, Frank/Ernest enters the room and in asks Klaus to hang a flypaper-like roll of sticky paper outside the window, in order to catch and trap any falling birds.	0
On September 19, 1998, the couple married.	0
The governor of the voivodeship was voivode ( , voivode of Kiev).	0
These animals like large gaps between stacked bricks and roof tiles to shelter from rain and to hide from predators.	0
The region also provides services in:	0
Burton’s next collaboration with Depp was on Ed Wood – a commercial failure.	1
They are shaped and formed by special artists known as shilpins.	0
In the Philippines, it is considered good luck if a coconut is cleanly split open without jagged edges.	1
John Harsanyi died in 2000 from a heart attack in Berkeley, California, after suffering for a time from Alzheimer&apos;s disease.	0
Iceland has a relatively small population (Roughly 320,000).	1
Critics had mixed assessments of Grey's performance.	0
Tides are caused by the rotation of the Earth and the gravitational effects of the Moon and Sun!	1
Lois has a long lost brother named Carl, who in one episode, is revealed to be a serial killer that kills fat people.	1
Vodka is great for removing foot odor.	1
In six hours, the world’s deserts receive more energy from the sun than humans consume in a year.	1
The current Vice Rector is Alejandro Venegas Franco.	0
The story begins in London in 1892 .	0
Telamonia virgata Simon, 1903 — Gabon	0
Bats are the only mammals that fly	1
The Bremer Ratskeller is a public house in the basement, the home of the oldest barrel of wine in Germany, crafted in 1653.	0
Ultimately 4 guns saw service with the 19th Field Artillery Battalion, and 12 guns with the B3 Field Artillery Battalion.	0
Giles from Buffy (Anthony Stewart Head) used to be in a popular series of British coffee adverts in the 80’s.	1
Cats can jump up to 7 times their tail length	1
After a one-out sacrifice fly by B.J.	0
Darby attended S. R. Butler High School in Huntsville, Alabama.	0
The Shang Dynasty of China uses bronze regularly.	1
Bryan’s parents didn’t want him to have a career in Hollywood, so Bryan Cranston didn’t start pursuing his acting career until he left college.	1
Minister of Education, Research, Innovation, Youth and Sport	0
In 1837, he planned the rebuilding of the Winter Palace in Saint Petersburg, but failed to realise these plans because Tsar Nicholas I of Russia decided to rebuild the original Baroque/Rococo palace instead of Stülers Neo-Renaissance concept.	0
In 1608 he was chosen chancellor of the University of Oxford.	0
On 31 August 2010, Harte signed for Championship club Reading on a two-year deal for £100,000.	0
Regent Street is an example of the Beaux Arts approach to urban design: an assembly of separate buildings on a grand scale, designed to harmonise and produce an impressive overall effect.	0
A protein present in the foam has been used by Carlos Montemagno, David Wendell, and Jacob Todd to create an artificial photosynthetic foam.	0
Most Industrial Arts programs were established in comprehensive rather than dedicated vocational schools and focused on a broad range of skills rather than on a specific vocational training.	0
The four sets of serious contenders for the first finders of gold on what became the Bendigo goldfield are, in no particular order:	0
Entertainment Weekly said that Meyer was “the world’s most popular vampire novelist since Anne Rice”.	1
Chameleons can move their eyes in two directions at the same time	1
The only mammals to undergo menopause are elephants, humpback whales and human females.	1
The plot deals with a young girl who is believed by a man to be a reincarnation of his dead daughter.	0
A pilot episode was broadcast on 9 January 2001, followed by the first full series on 26 November 2001.	0
China were only narrow favourites on rating this time but still won their third consecutive title, led by reigning world champion Zhu Chen and future champion Xu Yuhua.	0
The submarine was on the surface with three other submarines when the attack occurred.	0
Since her retirement no woman has been elected to Congress from Idaho.	0
He took it with him when he went into exile in the United States, and it hung at his Point Breeze estate near Bordentown, New Jersey.	0
Polls have been held since; however, the majority of voters continue to support the restrictions on liquor licences.	0
His favourite colour is red, same as Brad.	1
Until 2009, blood donors in Ireland used to get a pint of free Guinness after they gave blood.	1
Draughts (checkers) is older than chess	1
The rest of the space next to the knee often served as a lockable storage space.	0
Data is read out by nmos transistor to a bit line.	0
Cefazolin is mainly used to treat bacterial infections of the skin (cellulitis).	0
A heavy laughter brings in much more oxygen to the lungs than normal breathing would do.	1
They leave scratches on trees, urine scent marks and poop so that other leopards will stay well away.	0
Pirates and parrots are associated with each other because of the classic novel “Treasure Island” in which Long John Silver has a talking green parrot that is named Captain Flint.	1
Laura Dean's company has performed in the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Indonesia, India, Europe and Eastern Europe.	0
22 November2ndOsaka Expo '70 StadiumGamba Osaka4–0Cerezo Osaka9,016	0
Frank Oz was the voice for Yoda, Miss Piggy and Cookie Monster.	1
Clause 7 of this Act also appropriated half the fine to the use of the informer or prosecutor, a provocative and irritating provision.	0
Additionally, both sexes might wear buckskin leggings and moccasins in cold weather.	0
In 2003, he received the Rotman Distinguished Business Alumni Award from the Joseph L. Rotman School of Management.	0
Plays will alternate between civil and martial scenes, or scenes involve protagonists and antagonists.	0
Technophobia is the fear of technology.	1
Amalgamated Dairies Limited, a dairy production company on Prince Edward Island, Canada	0
The album so far has a score of 70 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews".	0
Growth and yield potential of Oryza sativa and O. glaberrima upland rice cultivars and their interspecific progenies.	0
Diane Warren for "I Don&apos;t Want to Miss a Thing" performed by Aerosmith	0
The Baekdu Mountain has been worshipped by the surrounding peoples throughout history.	0
The province is high-lying, with almost all land being 1,000 metres above sea level.	0
Duncan Edwards - Manchester United player.	0
Its typical habitat in Europe is the Maquis shrubland, up to 700–800 meters above sea level.	0
Since the 1970s, the price of gold has steadily increased.	0
The Quran saying that "We…prepared an abode for them in an elevated part of the earth, being a place of quiet and security, and watered with running springs" ;, Ahmad says, may very fittingly apply to the Valley of Kashmir.	0
On November 9, 2010, a solo video of Okai performing the dance to Cute's then-latest single "Dance de Bakōn" was released on the group's official YouTube channel.	0
At the Putrajaya meeting, IPBES concept note was discussed between governments.	0
Marking the end of the first phase of the trolley renewal project.	0
Face (disambiguation) in any of several plural usages	0
The combined value of the cattle and beef industry is $200 billion.	1
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue!	1
Barbie’s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts!	1
An average cow has more than 40,000 jaw movements per day.	1
This small birth-weight makes Ankole-Watusi bulls useful for	0
Their exact number and place of origin are also vague, although the German miners were widely recruited as specialists in medieval Wallachia, Transylvania and Serbia.	0
In October 2007, Doug Robb posted on the official Hoobastank message boards and said that they have "Set the bar very very high for this next CD" and that they have "More ideas going into this CD than ever before".	0
The fortunes of the once famous Charbagh (Four-square) gardens, which spread over 13 hectares surrounding the monument, changed repeatedly over the years after its construction.	0
He incessantly churned out creative pieces of literature for five long decades.	0
NGC 288 is a globular cluster in the constellation Sculptor.	0
The Pomo languages have been grouped together with other so-called Hokan languages.	0
Six days later, Juventus were knocked out of the Coppa Italia by Internazionale 2–1 at Stadio San Siro, leading the board of directors to ultimately sack Ferrara after weeks of speculation regarding his position, replacing him with Alberto Zaccheroni until the end of the season.	0
The U.S. National Center for Health Statistics, for example, deliberately oversamples from minority populations in many of its nationwide surveys in order to gain sufficient precision for estimates within these groups.	0
Nations can agree to fix their exchange rates against each other, and then correct any imbalances that arise by rules based and negotiated exchange rate changes and other methods.	0
In The Spell Sword, Bradley describes them as carrying short, curved swords, capable of coordinating attacks against the humans, and able to use laran and starstones.	0
A single elephant tooth can weigh as much as 9 pounds.	1
It has been proposed that Barbados become a republic.	0
Bruno Mars was born on 8th October 1986 in Waikiki, Hawaii.	1
Poi are women's dances involving the swinging of balls, about the size of tennis balls, attached to cords.	0
In Autumn of 2004, an archaeological expedition known as Teouma discovered a burial site of 25 tombs containing three dozen skeletons of members of the Lapita culture.	0
National League 1 champions: 1989/90, 2010/11	0
In September 2009, he signed a one-year contract with Swansea City with a 12 month extension option.	0
Parts of the Almohad town wall, constructed from poured concrete, have been preserved, as well as the Almedina-gate (Porta de Loulé).	0
In 1907, a woman was arrested on a beach in Boston for wearing a one-piece swimsuit.	1
He played 312 gigs in 2009!	1
Outside of the northern Maya lowlands, rivers are common throughout Mesoamerica.	0
However, scholar Haukur Thorgeirsson points out that the four manuscripts of Gylfaginning vary in their descriptions of the family relations between Nótt, Jörð, Dagr, and Dellingr.	0
File:Lanzarote 3 Luc Viatour.jpg|Playa El Golfo	0
In some places around the world, there is also an occurrence known as “Country and Western Friday,” which is similar to “Casual Friday,” but where employees will wear Cowboy attire rather than casual clothing.	1
Proposals were received from both Heinkel Flugzeugwerke and from Blohm &amp; Voss' aircraft subsidiary, Hamburger Flugzeugbau, and on 1 November 1935, orders were placed with both Heinkel and Hamburger Flugzeugbau for three prototypes each of their prospective designs, the He 115 and the Ha 140. with testing proving successful, with the He 115 being selected over the Ha 140 early in 1938, resulting in an order for an additional prototype and 10 pre-production aircraft.	0
In the 17th century it passed to the Rozgonyi and Báthory noble families.	0
1970–89: Member, Rajya Sabha (four terms)	0
It is found in Brazil and Uruguay.	0
Last updated: 5 December 2013 Source:	0
A Formula One car can accelerate from rest to 100 miles per hour and decelerate back to zero in four seconds.	1
Methuselah is a -year-old Great Basin bristlecone pine (Pinus longaeva) tree growing high in the White Mountains of Inyo County in eastern California.	0
The number was previously estimated at 3.3 million people in December 2011, and is expected to especially affect the South Kordofan, North Darfur and Blue Nile states.	0
There are also at least five kinds of "stalk Lotus", with each having its own characteristics and charm when closely studied.	0
In 2010, Van Dyke appeared on a children's album titled Rhythm Train, with Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith and singer Leslie Bixler.	0
List of current world boxing champions	0
It also contained a number of secret clauses that assured a permanent presence of the Spanish Army of Flanders.	0
Dublin: Wolfhound Press, 1998; ISBN 0-86327-635-0.	0
It was Berlusconi's right-hand man Marcello Dell&apos;Utri who advised to take Mangano for the job.	0
She used to own various reptilian pets, including snakes.	1
In the Thai Solar Calendar the color associated with Tuesday is pink.	1
50 million for the dualisation of Lahore-Jaranwala Road from Ferozepur Interchange to Mandi Faizabad, Rs.	0
He prefers Twitter &amp; Instagram over Facebook.	1
The astronauts of Apollo 11 couldn’t get life insurance, so instead they signed photos that their families could auction in case the landing went wrong.	1
In this case, because the output gear must have more teeth than the input gear, the speed reducer amplifies the input torque.	0
Reindeer can be hunted for their antlers, hides, meat and milk.	1
They discovered that the Nakajima B5N torpedo bomber could fly , somewhat faster than expected, without the torpedoes striking the bottom of the bay down.	0
Jake Bellows – voice (track 12)	0
In 2013, only 59 professional higher courses were available.	0
During the growing season the vines have the appearance of treesClarke	0
Flow marks are marks left on the surface of the casting due to poor gating, sharp corners, or excessive lubricant.	0
Many peoples favourite carol “Jingle Bells” written in 1857 was actually written for thanksgiving and was called “on horse open sleigh!”	1
Zahl also said tried the water inside and said it was cooler than the water in his canteen.	0
Examples include Tibetan singing bowls, temple bells of many sizes and shapes, gongs, Javanese gamelan, and other bronze musical instruments.	0
Gatineau municipal election, 2009: Plateau–Manoir-des-Trembles District	0
The first living mammal to ever go into space was a dog named “Laika” from Russia.	1
There are about 1,500 edible insect species.	1
Before Olly started acting, he used to sing in a band while he was at high school.	1
In the US, there are now more registered drone pilots than there are registered aircraft pilots.	1
We share 98.4% of our DNA with a chimp.	1
The movie is based on a real-life trip by screenwriter Fogelman and his mother from New Jersey to Las Vegas years before.	0
Eiholzer stressed the importance of safely handling calves in her presentation.	0
The District of Bimini also includes Cay Sal Bank, more than 62 miles (100 km) further south, which is geographically not a part of the Bimini Islands but a separate unit.	0
Her previous relationship was with Nick Jonas of The Jonas Brothers.	1
Henry’s waist size was 54 inches in the obese stage of his life.	1
Nobel Poets Gabriela Mistral and Pablo Neruda (Neftali Reyes) both lived in Temuco.	0
1 nautical knot equates to 1.852 Kph (1.150 mph)	1
Rapid is Austria's record titleholder, winning these a total of 32 times to date.	0
29 written in roman numerals is XXIX.	1
The Peruvian Paso may also fall into a diagonal gait, the pasitrote, as well as a pace-like gait, the huachano, both discouraged in the breed.	0
The Palace School of Architecture goes back to the classes of Dmitry Ukhtomsky that operated in 1749-1764.	0
14th century BCE) of the New Kingdom (16th century to 11th century BCE).	0
Over the next couple of months the group continued being used as partimers but mostly as jobbers, while doing that on the main brand TV shows they would feud with Zack Ryder on WWE Superstars.	0
Adult leopards are solitary and territorial and will only associate long enough to mate.	1
It has been published in thirty-nine countries.	1
Soon after, they were cleared to descend to .	0
Alan Knill took over as manager halfway through the 2005–06 season, with the Millers halfway through their first campaign back in League One and saved the club from a second successive relegation.	0
Fort Knox, in Kentucky, currently contains nearly 150 million ounces of gold, as well as various valuable collectibles.	1
Instead of an agent Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number where you can leave a message for him if you want to cast him for a movie or event.	1
The sound design crew included of Jean Louis Ducarme, with whom Friedkin had worked on The Exorcist and of whom he thought very highly.	0
They order the brutal public execution of the previous Archbishop of Charis, Erayk Dynnis, although things do not exactly go as planned, and they suffer a setback after Dynnis bravely publicly denounces them before his death.	0
However, according to Dutch State Secretary Bijleveld for Kingdom Relations, it was not legally possible for Saba to become separate from the Antilles earlier.	0
The film also stars Denholm Elliott, Peter Finch, Gérard Oury, George Coulouris and Michael Hordern.	0
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.	1
Moloch is mentioned a few times in the Torah and references to Ginsberg's Jewish background are not infrequent in his work.	0
Major Alfred William Robin led the First Contingent, sent from New Zealand to South Africa to participate in the Boer War in October 1899.	0
In Newcastle, Wyoming, it is illegal to have sex in a butcher shop's meat freezer.	1
A radioactive isotope of gold (gold-198) is used for treating cancer.	1
His favourite food is pizza, with pepperoni being Luke’s favorite topping.	1
The majority of the charter traffic arrives on Mondays, Fridays and Saturdays mainly to coincide with the change-over days for holiday apartment rentals.	0
Dickens, A. G. Martin Luther and the Reformation (1969), basic introduction	0
Most of the Maithil Brahmins are Śāktas (worshippers of Śakti) .	0
From 1953 to 1964, the CIA conducted completely uncontrolled tests in which they drugged people unknowingly, then followed and watched them without intervening.	1
In the Captain Planet and the Planeteers episode "A World Below Us", Gi was rescued and taken to an underwater city called Oceanus, a reference to Atlantis.	0
A woodpecker's head is subjected to a force of 1200G every time its beak impacts.	1
In addition, command lines usually include many defaults that can be changed to customize the results.	0
Syrian Hamsters were first mentioned by Alexander Russell in 1797, described as a new rodent species in his publication, The Natural History of Aleppo.	1
According to J.J. Kenneally, however, the gang arrived at Jerilderie having crossed the Murray River in a different part of New South Wales, Burramine.	0
The Latin for Giant Panda is ‘ailuropda melanoleuca’.	1
The steers (males) will be sent to the feedlot while a few heifers are kept behind to raise and later produce calves themselves.	0
He died at Monsummano Terme in 1928.	0
Then she started more than once a relationship with Balthasar, but these were always ended as Balthasar kept cheating on her.	0
His official Twitter profile is @TheVampsCon.	1
The coins that are thrown into the water by It’s A Small World are donated to a charity that grants kid’s wishes who have life-threatening illnesses.	1
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand	1
Longest streak of top-10s – 4 (1997 U.S. Open – 1998 Masters)	0
Sturgeon lived for several years in Springfield, Oregon.	0
from:1013 till: 1014 color:d text:"Sweyn Forkbeard"	0
Washington's slave Hercules, who had worked as his chief cook at the President&apos;s House (Philadelphia) before being returned to Mount Vernon in 1796, escaped from there on February 22, 1797.	0
There is an authorized state body - the Federal Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology.	0
When the air temperature is below freezing, however, the wet-bulb is covered with a thin coating of ice and may be warmer than the dry bulb.	0
Due to the attention brought on by the single, wider release offers were made by larger record labels for the accompanying EP album, Pleasure Victim.	0
Laughing for 10 minutes can make you burn between 20 and 40 Calories.	1
Regular trailers for lorries can be exempted from tax if the owner agrees to pay an increased tax on the vehicle which tows the trailer.	0
A single wolf can be up to 5ft in length, standing at 3ft.	1
Tennis was originally played with bare hands	1
Arnold, Dresden (several editions) 1822–1827 by the University and State Library Düsseldorf	0
He has a fast, entertaining style of play, being nicknamed "Shotgun" due to his speed around the table and aggressive playing style.	0
Yoda is 66cm tall and 17kg in weight.	1
Despite different health related schemes and programmes, the health indicators such as percentage of women with BMI 2 was less than the national average of per 100 km 2 in Chhattisgarh.	0
Château de Rothenbourg, castle ruins dating from the 9th century	0
there are 662 households, of which 163 households (or about 24.6%) contain only a single individual.	0
It takes 3,000lbs of pressure to compress each Pez candy into a brick-shaped block.	1
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:	0
Light pollution: Projects that operate at night, or that include security lighting (such as streetlights in a parking lot), may be accused of causing light pollution.	0
In 1929 chocolate became Nestlé’s second biggest product.	1
In 1877 over 18,000 of the residents were Chinese miners.	0
Peter Hernandez (born 1989) is an American professional wrestler, known by his ring name, Peter Avalon.	0
Today the municipality has an area of 3,789 km²,.	0
In Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1996, the criminal offences referred to as terrorism are provided as an exhaustive list of over 70 items.	0
Wat Nong Pa Phong (วัดหนองป่าพง) - The temple is situated in a lush forest of Tambon Non Phueng.	0
The fear of cats is known as Ailurophobia.	1
He originally started posting videos so that his friends and family could watch him perform.	1
Nominated—Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor	0
They are technically independent organizations but have overlapping boards of trustees.	0
The first language he created by himself was Naffarin.	1
Free Patriotic Movement (led by General Michel Aoun):	0
In the episode Get Schwifty in Season 2, we find out that Rick, Bird Person and Squanchy were in a rock band together called “The Flesh Curtains.”	1
The second half of the Giro began with a challenging mountain stage that finished outside Italy, the first of three stages in this Giro that did so.	0
As a result, on the January 6 episode of Raw, Bischoff forced Dudley Boyz to wrestle 3-Minute Warning (Rosey and Jamal), Rico and Batista in a Handicap match.	0
En la muerte de Miguel Ángel appeared in Guanabacoa's newspaper El Álbum.	0
He publishes widely; his work has appeared in the Wall Street Journal, New York Post, LA Times, Weekly Standard, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, and elsewhere.	0
In the APG II system of 2003, it is assigned to the order Poales in the clade commelinids.	0
André Tardieu – Minister of Agriculture	0
List of British governors of Cyprus	0
32.Gün (Political Show hosted by Mehmet Ali Birand, until his death in January 2013)	0
Another method for drawing is to use a tool called a fuller, or the peen of the hammer, to hasten the drawing out of a thick piece of metal.	0
Each year, nearly 600,000 college students are unintentionally injured while under the influence of alcohol.	1
At 0.2 lbs, Haunter is tied with Gastly, Flabébé, Cosmog and Kartana as the lightest Pokémon.	1
For example, pineapple notes are more commonly associated with Chardonnay from Napa Valley while Chablis will have more notes of green apples.	0
Tōkyō Waterfront Area Rapid Transit (Rinkai Line) 東京臨海高速鉄道 (りんかい線) (TWR)	0
On 4th December 2014, the group performed for Barack Obama (when he was the President).	1
Still Loving You – The Best Of	0
1953 - David Voelker, American businessman and philanthropist (d. 2013)	0
He had asked Dee to become Motörhead's drummer before, but Dee had declined due to his commitment to King Diamond.	0
They spot the Red Pyramid, which is Set's main host.	0
Juggling has been proven to increase hand-eye co-ordination by up to 10%.	1
The first match was played against Newtown (now Newtown Jets) on 12 April 1947, before a crowd of 6,000.	0
Originally, his father wanted him to become a priest, but during his sickness, he promised to send Nikola to engineering school if he recovered from the cholera.	1
In the episode A Hero Sits Next Door, Meg mentions that she cannot taste salt.	1
The use of the term "pickle" originated with the phrase " ", which means to be in a pickling (difficult or troubling) situation.	0
Čitluk, Šibenik-Knin County, a village in the Promina municipality, Croatia	0
), Gregor MacGregor (London Scottish), James Gowans (Cambridge U.	0
The 1 Broadway – Seventh Avenue Local is a rapid transit service in the A Division of the New York City Subway.	0
Dairy cow can produce around 70 pounds of milk per day.	0
Becky has two brothers, Frankie and Alex, and a sister Stephanie.	1
What is the (merchant, artisan) called and why?	0
KFC Twenty20 Big Bash Title Wins – (4): 2005/06, 2006/07, 2007/08, 2009/10	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	0
They participated in the league championship in 1926, 1927, and 1928, coming away as winners in 1926.	0
On 19 July 2011, he joined AS Monaco on loan for one season.	0
The per capita income for the city was $38,305.	0
2000 All League Pitcher of the Year	0
Female leopards give birth to a little of two or three cubs at a time.	1
The earliest known depiction of juggling appears painted on the walls of an ancient Egyptian tomb for an unknown prince, dating back to roughly 2,000 BC – that’s over 4,000 years ago!	1
Korolev did not play on the junior circuit and picked up his first ATP points at age 15 in three German competitions.	0
Calum’s underwear often has some kind of animal on.	1
For the Cabinet to reach any agreement, the approving vote of the majority of its members is required.	0
The spots on leopards are known as rosettes because they look so much like black roses.	1
The steepness of most orthents causes the flora on them to be sparse shrubs or grassland.	0
However, major causes of mortality in recent centuries have been largely linked to human activity, as described below.	0
Guava wood is prized in the world of meat smoking.	1
Start of the South African Border War.	0
File:GAINSBOROUGH River Landscape.jpg|Thomas Gainsborough River Landscape, 1768-1770	0
Cauvin Bank, wholly submerged atoll structure in the Southern Part Chagos Archipelago	0
In eastern Africa you can buy beer brewed from bananas	1
In another alternative, two randomly chosen cards are set aside face down at the beginning of play; these cards go to whoever takes the first heart.	0
Hugo was a supporter of Romanticism and Republicanism.	1
Moreover, in 2012, Ajay Devgan, Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and Eros International together moved the Competition Commission of India against Yash Raj Films and Aditya Chopra, accusing the company of using monopolistic business practices and rampantly abusing their dominant position and clout in the Entertainment Industry of India by entering into a tie-in arrangement with 1,500 single screen film exhibitors (out of a total of 2,100) of India, that obliged them to showcase the company's Jab Tak Hai Jaan (and not Son Of Sardar) on the Diwali week of 2012 and continue its theatrical run for two weeks after the worldwide release.	0
Neuchâtel ( ), "new" + "castle" ( ) is the capital of the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel on Lake Neuchâtel.	0
"I Won&apos;t Hold You Back" (Lukather)	0
Some very interesting buildings representative of traditional architecture can be seen here.	0
Helena was born on 26th May, in 1966.	1
Because of the fast progress of the negotiations in the steps toward peace, the possibility of an agreement look very close: Marcos wrote, "I am being threaten by unemployment."	0
Human liberation, Éditions du Mont Blanc, Geneva, 1943	0
Our moon is around 4.5 billion years old.	1
Because historical pieces were often made of brasses (copper and zinc) and bronzes with different compositions, modern museum and scholarly descriptions of older objects increasingly use the more inclusive term "copper alloy" instead.	0
The family of the missing woman, a pair of FBI agents, a journalist and her lover/cameraman, are all drawn into an evolving mystery with political and religious undertones.	0
but missing or extra cards are not important to gameplay.	0
If Justin’s water bottle has water at the end of concerts, he normally throws it in the crowd.	1
Maxwell wrote in his review of Peter Kornbluh's book, "This demarche was apparently not delivered: the U.S. embassy in Santiago demurred on the ground that to deliver such a strong rebuke would upset the dictator", and that, on September 20, 1976, the day before Letelier and Moffitt were killed, the State Department instructed the ambassadors to take no further action with regard to the Condor scheme.	0
Peru has more pyramids than Egypt	1
The agents follow very simple rules, and although there is no centralized control structure dictating how individual agents should behave, local, and to a certain degree random, interactions between such agents lead to the emergence of "intelligent" global behavior, unknown to the individual agents.	0
Gelotology is the study of laughing and its effects on human body.	1
Another squad-mate comes up and pulls the threatening soldier away.	0
Tauros is based on the Zodiac Taurus, the bull.	1
In both elections, the left-wing singer-songwriter Billy Bragg led an anti-Conservative tactical voting campaign in Dorset constituencies.	0
Contact us on our website or feel free to connect with us on social media.	0
Basava created much controversy by actively ignoring the societal rules associated with the caste system, which he wished to abolish.	0
A collector's edition of the game was released for Windows on October 25, 2005 and for the Xbox 360 labeled as the "Special Edition".	0
also spelled Aezana or Aizan) was ruler of the Axumite Kingdom (320s – c.360AD) located in present-day Ethiopia, Eritrea, Yemen, southern Saudi Arabia, northern Somalia, Djibouti, northern Sudan, and southern Egypt; he himself employed the style (official title) "king of Saba and Salhen, Himyar and Dhu-Raydan".	0
Butterfree has been trained by Trainers Ash, Drew, Ritchie and Solidad.	1
List of United States Air Force airborne command and control squadrons	0
Mrs James de Rothschild - Rothschilds at Waddesdon Manor (Collins, 1979) ISBN 0-00-216671-2	0
An individual blood cell takes about 60 seconds to make a complete circuit of the body	1
Color sorters and systems under the Sortex product label for sorting cereal grains, coffee, vegetables, fruits, plastics, and other materials.	0
There are various hand trapping and immobilizing techniques that can be utilized in the trapping range.	0
The Fate of a Crown (as "Schuyler Staunton")	0
^ "Gold-fields Edition of the Rockhampton Bulletin", Rockhampton Bulletin and Central Queensland Advertiser, 3 October 1867, p. 2	0
Because of her family’s financial struggles, Becky wanted to earn money to help them out, so she started working some part-time jobs.	1
1955Lew HoadKen Rosewall6–2, 6–3, 2–6, 6–1	0
The Neihu Line corridor was approved later in 1990.	0
His full name is Max Albert George.	1
White Stag Leadership Development Program (US)	0
While certain populations of mountain lions have dropped, there is still a large amount of cougars out there – so much so, that their species is still at a least concern.	1
But Canterbury coach, former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader.	0
Several websites - many of which appear to have copied the information directly from an older version of this article On later releases, Camel accordingly added the prefix 'Music inspired by...' to the album's front cover and removed the story notes from the back cover.	0
In 1811, nearly a quarter of all the women in Britain were called Mary.	1
Her only crime is to have given Canepa some money.	0
Ballack's first goal of the '09 season came against Southend United in their FA Cup replay, a match which Chelsea went on to win 4–1.	0
Slowpoke are usually found at the water’s edge.	1
After Hawaii, New York is the state surrounded by the most water	1
Similarly Dumezil has remarked the link of Camillus with Mater Matuta.	0
Vallan, D., Glaw, F. & Vences, M. 2004. .	0
Some radio and television programmes in Ticinese, mostly comedies are broadcast by the Italian language broadcasting company RTSI.	0
The name of the teacher who was teaching in 1756 is known.	0
Relations between Young and the Smith family were strained and many of the Smiths chose to recognize James J. Strang as church president.	0
Those who are elected are not elected for being the most suitable to the country, but because they are the most accommodating to their superiors, and they have little concern for the laws which once enacted will take the nation down a particular path.	0
He is now two years and a half old and to me as gentle as can be.	0
|Texas Cage Fighting - Puro Combate 1	0
A group of whales is called a pod.	1
Position 10, Lord Nurglitch, Arch-Plaguelord of Clan Pestilens	0
Chac Mool y otros cuentos (1973)	0
The larger group of students attacked Green and Blue Groups from the east around 8am, suffering severe casualties but maintained continuous pressure on the German flank.	0
Changes were also made to the 500's steering geometry for the Ka, although as the new Ka uses an electrically assisted steering system, it lacks the communication of its predecessor's hydraulically assisted steering.	0
In September 1965, he publicly declared his opposition to majority voting and the political role of the Commission.	0
Sinnott criticised the season for wrapping up the Cabal story line in the first two episodes, expecting it to continue throughout the season, as well as accusing the writers of throwing out "a lot of aspects that made the end of the first season so great."	0
Leopards have been observed walking 1–25 km (0.62–15.53 mi) across their range at night; they may even wander up to 75 km (47 mi) if disturbed.	0
“Fugitive” was guitar-driven funk and "Last Night (I Had a Long Talk With...)" was introspective.Paul Kodish drummer of Pendulum featured on this album .	0
Fifth Harmony dropped their first debut studio album in 2015 entitled ‘Reflection’ and scored a number five position on the Billboard 200.	1
Curaçao won all their matches and the last match against the famous Dutch team Feyenoord attracted a large number of spectators.	0
His full name is Connor Samuel John Ball.	1
It is used in some solid propellants and smokeless powders as a plasticizer.	0
The Lotus Temple in Delhi has 27 enormous petals covered in marble.	1
He was a businessman and trader by career.	0
His feast day is May 8.	0
In 1330, he inherited the title Earldom of Orkney (with the Mormaerdom of Caithness) through his great-grandmother, Earl Gilbert (Gille Brighde)'s daughter Maud, who had married Maol Íosa II.	0
Among the songs produced, "Kill the Lights" and "Blur" were included on the standard edition of Spears' sixth studio album, Circus (2008), while "Rock Boy" was included on the deluxe edition of it.	0
The Gwynedd Archaeological Trust have undertaken a trial excavation of this hillfort and set up related information boards in Colwyn Bay Library.	0
Kodak & Foma currently produce kits for reversal processing.	0
The chapel is a treasure trove of Italian Renaissance and Baroque art and is considered among the most important monuments in the basilica.	0
Jalabert is a last name that could refer to:	0
Reason of the Polish Left, or Reason Party ( ; RACJA; RACJA PL), was an anti-clerical minor political party in Poland.	0
In 2009 allegations emerged claiming that Andreas Klöden used the Freiburg University Clinic for an illegal blood transfusion during the 2006 Tour de France.	0
In 2010, Jim won an Emmy Award for an Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for his part on The Big Bang Theory.	1
Fall is a transitional season with a gradual lowering of temperature and little rain; spring occurs when the winter rains cause the vegetation to revive.	0
The constraint propagation procedure that enforces directional consistency is similar to that used for directional arc consistency and path consistency.	0
Several Carolingian kings of Germany were buried there.	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.	0
December 21, 1972, an Air France DHC-6-300 crashed into the ocean en route from Guadeloupe to Princess Juliana International Airport, killing all 11 passengers on board along with both pilots.	0
Come while you still have the place to yourself.Local Flavor: Pickled Wrinkles at The Pickled Wrinkle, Birch Harbor.	0
Didaskaleinophobia is the fear of going to school!	1
List of Canadian federal electoral districts	0
Santa Muerte (Saint Death) is worshipped in Mexico by those who believe ‘god helps the good, the devil helps the bad'.	1
Recently, a grasshopper was found stuck in one of van Gogh’s paintings – the paint kept it preserved for 100 years!	1
Hurricane Ike made landfall on Galveston Island in the early morning of September 13, 2008 as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 110 miles per hour.	1
The PrinterSetup system can manage CUPS queues.	0
In the first Disney/Marvel Iron Man film, the ringtone on Tony Stark’s friend Col James “Rhodey” Rhodes’ phone is the theme tune from the original 1966 Marvel Super Heroes animated TV series.	1
This farmland is a part of the Parapannonian Plain stretching into neighbouring Croatia and Serbia.	0
10) and "Lonely Blue Boy" (Pop No.	0
In an essay, "Historical ethics", published after his death, he wrote, "I like to stand upon clear grounds which can be proved and estimated.	0
Since the seventh grade, Kaley has been home schooled as she didn’t like private school.	1
I Love Louisa - in a Bavarian setting the company rides a merry-go-round - Fred Astaire, Adele Astaire	0
On Wednesday the 10th of May 1797, the first U.S. Navy Ship, the “United States,” was launched.	1
Image:Chaumont sol.JPG|The floor of the lounge	0
It is estimated that one in every eight couples in the U.S. who went on to marry each other met online.	1
1st Stage 3b, Three Days of De Panne	0
The world’s oldest surviving bank is “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena”, which was founded in 1472, and is currently Italy’s 3rd largest bank.	1
Armadillos were named by Spanish explorers – the name literally means “little armored thing.”	1
Tie the copies of the Quran to the ends of the spears".	0
The distance between the Sun and Earth is defined as an Astronomical Unit or AU for short.	1
Some bands like the number that much they name their songs after it, Fall Out Boy and Dave Matthews Band both have a song called 27.	1
In 1993–94 another costly defeat to Arsenal left the Belles needing three wins from their last four games to win the League.	0
In spite of the merger, the secondary school section remains boys-only, while the pre-university section is co-educational.	0
These names include Mountain Lion, Puma, Panther, Paint, Screamer and Catamount.	0
Mars is about 1.5 times further from the Sun than Earth is.	1
Mila Kunis’ voice is first heard as Meg in Episode 3 of season two Da Boom.	1
Jessie J’s full name is Jessica Ellen Cornish.	1
Many Saint Lucians do not get married until they are middle aged.	1
Lodip in Nepal by TIME Pharmaceuticals	0
The Green Lantern’s character debuted in 1940, making the Lantern’s first debut only two years after that of Superman’s.	1
The word “chocolate” derives from the Aztec “xocoatl,” the bitter, spicy cacao bean based drink.	1
1072Tony Swiftwing1981-05-30v Argentina at Buenos Aires	0
She met Burton on the set of Planet of the Apes, in 2001.	1
Genealogists have found that about 25% of the English population is descended from William the Conqueror.	1
Ronald Reagan: The Secret Service code used for Ronald Reagan was “Rawhide.”	1
Google Maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast Android devices are moving on the road.	1
Defects in the GPI anchors synthesis occur in the rare acquired diseases such as paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and congenital diseases such as hyperphosphatasia with mental retardation syndrome (HPMRS).	0
S. plurilineatus Fourmanoir, 1966 , Kanadi kingfish	0
He was sent to the minors on April 28, , and recalled on May 11, 2006.	0
This section of river is known as the "Seven Mile Bend", although it is scarcely over three miles (5 km) in length.	0
Left-handed people are more likely to be insomniacs!	1
Henry could both read and write in three languages: English, French and Latin.	1
Native Americans knew ramps well.	1
In 2014, Years &amp; Years won the award for BBC Sound of 2015.	1
When a clean version of "Drips" was made, at the end of Obie Trice's verse, the word "fuck" is still heard from him.	0
Friday, October 8, 2010 – 6:07 pm (ET) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania	0
Savage has become a regular presenter at magician James Randi's annual skeptics' conference, The Amaz!ng Meeting, since first appearing in January 2006.	0
First, a continuous tone film positive is made from the original photographic negative.	0
all information obtained from General Motors archives by John N Jeffery not known that any to be true as A. P. Sloan had R. S. McLaughlin kept as a GM Executive and remained when A P Sloan retired after the Senate questioned his collaboration with Hitler.	0
The Blue Iguana, is a critically endangered species endemic to Grand Cayman.	1
Some mushrooms can create their own breeze to disperse their spores.	1
When Harry was younger his hair used to be straight!	1
The chain supports a larger octagonal medallion with a blue enamel surface edged in red and charged with a saltire, over which is an effigy of Queen Victoria; members of the order suspend from this medallion their insignia as a badge apendant.	0
More recently plaza has been used to describe a shopping complex, similar to a shopping mall, borrowing its connotations of a center of cultural life.	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	0
He was one of the world's foremost exponents of the theory and practice of internationalism.	0
One unusual episode (#29) revolves around the filming of the 1964 program Ultra Q which was the predecessor to the first Ultraman show in 1966.	0
As an added measure, the placement of each bit in the code is determined by bit-placement tables included in the specification.	0
- The failed Slovakian uprisal against Germany, from Kosice.	0
Ventress is ordered by Dooku to spy on the planet Kamino for the Separatist forces, planning an invasion with General Grievous to destroy the clone production facilities.	0
A member of the National Academy of Sciences since 1959, Friedrichs received many honorary degrees and awards for his work.	0
The Rusyn (Galician) name was Novyj Sanc.	0
It is the southern-most town in Greenland with a population of over 1,000.	0
On average, the warmest month is July.	0
In 1978, Mlekara purchased a combined installation and another spray drier for processing milk, fruit and vegetables, thus ensuring safety in supplying final consumers with dairy product, as well as its buyers - companies from the confectionery industry and bakeries, as well as fodder producers.	0
United States of America - One Ranger, at Darien Lake, The last Ranger ride operating in North America.	0
Visit the Queen Elizabeth II Botanic Park for a guided safari, and maybe you'll catch a glimpse of a few of these guys posing for your Instagram feed.	0
His sing ‘Jordans’ is inspired by his days playing basketball, and the feeling he gets when he’s in the court.	1
Kendra later offers Kyle further aid by giving him a magic mirror that shows him whomever he wishes to see.	0
""This wholesale exodus was due partly to the belief of the Arabs, encouraged by the boastings of an unrealistic Arabic press and the irresponsible utterances of some of the Arab leaders that it could only be a matter of weeks before the Jews were defeated by the armies of the Arab states and the Palestinian Arabs enabled to re-enter and retake possession of their country.	0
45,000 thunderstorms around the world occur every day	1
The iPod is 15 years old today.	1
Eye of newt, toe of frog, and wool of bat are just archaic terms for mustard seed, buttercup, and holly leaves.	1
Taylor’s younger brother Austin, attends Vanderbilt University and is also a freelance photographer in his spare time.	1
In insomniacs, moderate doses of alcohol improve sleep maintenance.	0
Nibbler’s poop is actually dark matter, which is used for starship fuel.	1
Because of the potentially nationwide implications for political decisions made in California, special-interest groups, many of which are based outside of California, play a greater role in California politics than in most other states, by contributing large amounts of money into lobbying, litigation, and producing media advertisements to influence voters and elected officials on major political issues.	0
Leopards are super-fast and they can run at speeds of up to 36 miles (58km) per hour.	1
In this way, Singapore tries to avoid overdependence economically, politically or militarily on larger entities.	0
The average Americans diet consists of 55% junk food	1
There are three common lemons which are Bearss, Eureka and Lisbon.	1
Lt Gen Janssens's Report (Cape Archives: ref VC80)	0
Jade has a tattoo on her back, it’s Arabic and means ‘Anyone can achieve their dream if they’ve got the courage’.	1
Member, Advisory Committee to the Director, National Institutes of Health (1977–1980)	0
When having a tattoo laser removed, black is the easiest color to remove because it absorbs more laser waves, while green and yellow are the most difficult to remove.	1
Winston Churchill at one point was in danger of a Nazi assassination by an exploding bar of chocolate.	1
Starbucks was founded by two teachers and a writer – all without any of them even having a business degree.	1
Earth accumulate 10 to 100 tonnes of material each day!	1
Her favourite actor is Tom Hanks.	1
The low-frequency call of the humpback whale is the loudest noise made by a living creature!	1
His favourite television show as a kid was Saturday Show (BBC).	1
You blink more when you talk, and less when you’re reading off a computer screen or paper – the reason behind why your eyes get tired more.	1
Nikon models with this capability: E700, E800, E880, E900, E950, E990, E995, E2100, E2500, E3700, E4300, E4500.	0
This typically occurs during the nesting season or on dark and cloudy days.	0
An average cow has more than 40,000 jaw movements per day.	1
Soviet–Italian Non-Aggression Pact (September 2, 1933)	0
Electricity only came to Little Cayman in 1990, and most provisions arrive from Grand Cayman only once a week.	0
- Doreen Swan was replaced by Wendy Barrie.	0
inside of the legs and underline also being the lighter shade.	0
The single prefaces, of which there is a large number, contain explanations of their text which refer entirely or in its last part to the verse or passage of Genesis to be expounded in that section.	0
In the bosonic string theory, there are 26 space time dimensions.	1
Originally, Marge Simpson’s hair style was designed that way because the creator, Matt Groening wanted to hide her rabbit ears.	1
In 1899, it was so cold that the Mississippi river froze over its entire length.	1
Les Entreprises Françaises 2004, Economica, Paris 2004	0
There has been rumors about Isaak being killed several times.	0
He was raised by his mother Elizabeth Floyd and his father Chad Floyd.	1
In addition, the Democratic candidates for Council seats, Gay Lee and Cedric Brown, were also overwhelmingly elected.	0
When Meyerbeer went to Vienna, the "Judenamt" received orders to treat him "not as a Jew, but as a cavalier" (ib.	0
Brancato moved on to be executive producer/show runner/head writer for the of the USA Network police-procedural , a show that is related to Law & Order: SVU.	0
With the loss of Francisco Rodríguez to injury, Takahashi served as the closer for the Mets and recorded his first major league save on August 16 against the Houston Astros.	0
The oldest person to ever score a goal at a World Cup was Cameroonian player Roger Milla, who scored against Russia in 1994.	1
Sutan Sjahrir (5 March 1909 – 9 April 1966), an avant garde and idealistic Indonesian intellectual, was a revolutionary independence leader.	0
Henry’s courtiers wore heavily padded clothing to emulate Henry in the later stage of his life when he put on weight.	1
The original nesting boxes have been removed and the dovecote is used as a garden store.	0
An average lemon contains eight seeds.	1
The DVD was filmed, edited and directed by Ullaeus.	0
"People" (King Crimson song), 1995 single by the band King Crimson	0
Ever since people started using cattle in Prehistoric times, cattle have been seen as a sign of wealth.	1
Between the 6th and 8th centuries they settled in Roman territories.	0
Northern Securities Co. v. United States at Cornell Law School's Supreme Court Collection.	0
When Pink Floyd designed the “Animals” album cover, the inflatable pig tied to the power station broke free, causing Heathrow Airport to cancel all their flights.	1
The Lions become the first non-Japanese champion.	0
On his website, he announced that fans could get the single Drowning for free if they pre-ordered the album.	1
He would take the title to beat Djokovic for the sixth time out of seven meetings.	0
In Kartuzy born Andrzej Wroński, two-time Olympic Champion (Seoul 1988 and Atlanta 1996).	0
The library ships with a rudimentary X11 and Windows viewer, and a set of command line tools for batch rendering (pdfdraw), examining the file structure (pdfshow), and rewriting files (pdfclean).	0
bar:1861 at:763 fontsize:XS text: 763 shift:(-8,5)	0
After neither song charted and Hendrix left them for good in 1965, the brothers signed with Motown Records.	0
:θα είμαι προσληφθείς ... ("be" + participle)	0
Most visitors land on Grand Cayman, as the name implies, the largest of the three islands, and inter-island flights are available to get to the other two sister islands.	0
The hide from one cow can make 144 baseballs, 20 footballs, and or 12 basketballs by-products.	1
Hence there are no hour lines on the dial and the time of day is read only on the ellipse.	0
Lew Miles (Glynn Turman, 1968–1969, episodes 469–514)	0
Ironwood (first ever ski flying hill in the western hemisphere, now heavily dilapidated) K 145	0
: 1848 – 1957), 29 March 1856, p.7	0
Jenaro de Urrutia Olaran, Basque painter	0
Some models use a wired connection between the sensor and the head unit.	0
Richard Cadbury, the son of Cadbury founder John Cadbury, made the first heart-shaped box of chocolates in 1861 for Valentine’s Day.	1
Ostriches have a 14 meter (46 foot) long small intestine	1
In Cairo you can buy papyrus from market stalls which is most often built from banana leaves.	1
South Algona (Now part of Bonnechere Valley)	0
Beyoncé’s bodyguard once broke her toe by standing on it accidentally whilst trying to protect her from a crowd of fans.	1
A single fart in space would propel you 7.2mm in an hour.	1
The U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) sent in seven C-130s with approximately 68 tonnes of medical supplies and 2,000 blankets also assisting in relief.	0
Genital herpes first infected our ancestors 1.6 million years ago.	1
Cubs are born blind and are carried from den to den by the nape of their neck to prevent their scent attracting predators.	1
He memorized the Quran before the age of twelve.	0
In 2012 it was granted a five-year funding for a Finland Distinguished Professor (FiDiPro) project.	0
Leatherhead, Surrey, UK: Profile Publications Ltd., 1967.	0
2002Ciudad de Mar del PlataRacingMar del Plata	0
Tandy was educated at Dame Alice Owen&apos;s School in Islington.	0
He was born in Bueno Aires, Argentina.	1
Simon is the son of actor Sandy Helberg and casting director Harriet B. Helberg.	1
Since 2006 Spain has an electronic ID called DNIe.	0
Parr's prompt reaction saved Reagan from being hit in the head.	0
Fry possess no Delta Brain Waves, making him immune to psychic attacks.	1
Pantomime of Deburau at the Théâtre des Funambules	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
This is due in part to the double layer coat which	0
The original Xbox contained edited snippets of actual transmissions from the Apollo missions.	1
Top Point Scorer - #28 Martin Masa	0
2004 Summer Olympics – 5th place	0
Eurogames, or German-style boardgames, are a relatively new genre that sit between abstract strategy games and simulation games.	0
lactaldehyde + NADP + \rightleftharpoons methylglyoxal + NADPH + H +	0
The couple visited the U.S. from 1906 to 1910, during which time their daughter, Jaroslava, was born in New York City.	0
Srebotnik withdrew from the Pan Pacific (Tokyo), Bogotá, Acapulco and Indian Wells with a right elbow injury.	0
However, there are signs of stabilization in library funding.	0
Kana na no Chikai Mimi (April 26, 2003) Contained a band message and one live song	0
Alfonsín had already been negotiating an ambitious agreement to dismantle tariffs in bilateral trade with the Brazilian José Sarney; now, Sanguinetti was included in an open field project that adopted a three-country shape and that gained impulse from the summit of the three presidents which the Uruguayan had organized in Colonia on 6 February 1988.	0
In either situation, bulls can be extremely dangerous.	1
The LCBO says the new limited options are expected to eliminate approximately 80 million plastic bags a year from landfill.	0
The Jack’s single, Doing It Right made it to number 7 on the US Hip Hop chart, putting them with the likes of DJ Khaled, Kendrick Lamar and Childish Gambino.	1
April 28 – Oakes Ames (born 1874), American botanist.	0
Adam Małysz wore the red jersey as the reigning champion.	0
Switzerland is the best place to be born in 2013, followed by Australia, Norway, Sweden, Denmark then Singapore.	1
None of the families and 4.3% of the population were living below the poverty line.	0
Nearly 40% of men don’t feel confident while meeting women for the first time!	1
Popular accessories included court shoes, cowboy boots, headscarves, leggings, and penny loafers (associated with the preppy look).	0
The US has contributed significantly to ASCA's scientific payloads.	0
Letters to a Young Catholic, Basic Books, 2004, ISBN 0-465-09262-4.	0
The fear of the number 23 is called Duotriophobia.	1
It is a parody of The Hunger Games and Thanksgiving day in which players have to compete in a tournament organised by Mr. Torgue and defeat a giant turkey monster.	0
Since Sunday’s aren’t included, Lent technically lasts 46 days.	1
The name Instagram comes from a mashing of “instant camera” and “telegram.”	1
Two representatives changed parties, one died, and five resigned.	0
Several establishments in Galkayo offer accommodation.	0
In Greek, the word ‘squirrel’ means ‘shadow tail’.	1
Reciotos are fermented to a minimum of 14% of alcohol but still retain distinct sweetness due to the high concentrations of sugars that came from the grapes' desiccation on the vine.	0
8% of the world’s population have blue eyes.	1
Some actually thought the race had started, and everyone ended up back at the pits!	0
The license was issued to a Toyota Prius modified with Google's experimental driverless technology.	0
St Petersburg academic psychiatrist professor Yuri Nuller notes that the concept of Snezhnevsky’s school allowed psychiatrists to consider, for example, schizoid psychopathy and even schizoid character traits as early, delayed in their development, stages of the inevitable progredient process, rather than as personality traits inherent to the individual, the dynamics of which might depend on various external factors.	0
He is of Irish, Mexican descent.	1
Ovambo, also known as Wambo or Ambo, is a dialect cluster in Angola and northern Namibia, of which the written standards are Kwanyama and Ndonga.	0
When famous Batman villain actor Heath Ledger died, he became the number one Google search on the day of his death followed closely by Keith Ledger and an array of other ledger-like queries.	1
As a result of his crash Kubica was unable to race at the next Grand Prix in the United States.	0
He was President of the Confederation in 1972 and Vice-president in 1971.	0
Cars were first started with ignition keys in 1949	1
Hawaii is the most geographically isolated land mass in the world!	1
Peter is clinically obese, weighing in at 270 lbs.	1
You can burn up to 350 more Calories per day if you fidget, rather than someone who remains stationary.	1
The poster was presented at the Habsburg court.	0
In 1950 he was one of the founders of the Gruppo Origine, with Mario Ballocco, Alberto Burri and Ettore Colla.	0
CUT = missed the half-way cut	0
Another con is that, because models and controllers are not class-based, efficient code reuse becomes more difficult, particularly as the inability to inherit from a parent controller (e.g.	0
Trona is found at Owens Lake and Searles Lake, California; the Green River Formation of Wyoming and Utah; the Makgadikgadi Pans in Botswana and in the Nile Valley in Egypt.	0
1998 Register of the Government of Canada Heritage Buildings	0
Owls, an ideological faction on the television series Millennium	0
The Rumen – this is the largest part and holds upto 50 gallons of partially digested food.	0
High resolution images of works by and/or portraits of Marsilio Ficino in .jpg and .tiff format.	0
Cities were arranged on continents in the game, arranged in a grid-layout.	0
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who created Sherlock Holmes, was a founder and the first goalkeeper of soccer club Portsmouth FC.	1
Telenovela ChannelThe Two Sides of Ana	0
During university vacations, teams from Oxford took part in campaigns in East London and other industrial areas.	0
The school takes its inspiration from the Eurasianists of the 1920s, notably Prince Nikolai Trubetzkoy and P.N.	0
When Kamehameha I died in 1819, his oldest son Liholiho officially inherited the kingdom, calling himself Kamehameha II.	0
Fifth Harmony performed at shopping malls around the U.S. in a promo tour called ‘Harmonize America’ during summer 2013.	1
Gold can sometimes be found above the ground in the sand and gravel bars of streams.	1
Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.	1
However, it conducts no operations in Danville (its main base of operations is Guam).	0
Sutter wanted to get to California, but the only vessel waiting at anchor in the harbor was the brig Clementine — Sutter signed on as unpaid supercargo of this brig freighted with a cargo of provisions and general merchandise for the Russian colony of New Archangel, now known as Sitka, Alaska.	0
He joined a cast of all-stars dubbed as the Big Three - Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen.	0
While keeping bulls for breeding isn’t as common of a practice as it used to be on dairy farms, they are still often used in the beef industry.	0
Perhaps the most interesting feature of the tank's weaponry was the turret; apart from the Renault FT-17, this was the first tank to have a rotating turret mounted above the hull.	0
29 --- 1822 (15 August) Orchestrates the cremation of Shelley.	0
In the Bible, Jacob had 12 sons.	1
Harry Graf Kessler: Gesichter und Zeiten (= Gesammelte Schriften, vol.	0
He obtained a stipend from the Duchy in 1823, and used it to study and work for years in Rome, where he also painted scenography for the Teatro Argentina.	0
When her husband was president, she created the role of First Lady, using her social talents to advance his program.	0
There is a difference in the structure of the voice box or the larynx, because of which the cougars can't roar.	1
Niagara Falls could fill 4,000 bathtubs every second	1
Aaron Paul almost got kicked out of a Radiohead concert for standing up and dancing in a sitting row.	1
The name Chiluque is probably a loanword.	0
The Register of the Victoria Cross (1981, 1988 and 1997)	0
Education can be both free and paid.	0
When he was 16 he was taken ill again and contracted the tuberculosis which would later claim his life.	0
By July 4, 1934, Washington's face had been completed and was dedicated.	0
On 26 February 1462 Oxford was beheaded on Tower Hill, and buried in the church of the Austin Friars in London.	0
If you are a resident of France (holder of a carte de séjour or carte de residence), you may drive in France with a valid US state driver's license for a one-year recognition period, beginning on the date of validity of the first carte de séjour (exception for students who are allowed to use their driver's license for the duration of their studies).	0
Towards the end of the Baroque era, George Frideric Handel composed the first organ concertos.	0
He also appeared at the San Francisco Opera and the Dallas Opera.	0
This line-up released the Cannibal Holocaust EP in 2001 before splitting up leaving Killjoy and Frediablo as the only members for a short time.	0
Being able to instantly respond with sarcasm within seconds of a stupid question is a sign of a healthy brain.	1
The community of Huntington, WV holds an annual ramp festival referred to as Stink Fest.	0
Correlations between orders found in different syntactic sub-domains are also of interest.	0
For a finale, he closed the portfolio one last time and produced his young son from it.	0
Torre de Arcas ( ) or Torredarques ( , ) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	0
E. Michael Jones, for example, argues in his Degenerate Moderns that Stanley Fish was influenced by his adulterous affairs to reject classic literature that condemned adultery.	0
On 28 December 1480 the Cardinal returned to Rome from his mission and was re-appointed as the Papal legate a latere to Bologna on 15 December 1482.	0
The Group Stage was played in 6 rounds during August–October 2010.	0
Pope Paul I died on 28th June 767 at the age of 67.	1
In 1893, Schmidt left Taganrog and enrolled again the Imperial Russian Navy.	0
or concentrate the effects of salts, metal oxides and other materials on the surface of their ware.	0
3rd Party released a version in 1998 on the soundtrack to the SNL spinoff Night at the Roxbury.	0
Reviews of the trilogy as a whole have received a mixed reaction.	0
Soldiers who are left-handed prepare and throw grenades upside down because of how the safety pin is placed!	1
Henri Barbusse, French writer, and honorary president of the first congress of the Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda	0
CountryTV network(s)Series premiereWeekly schedule (local time)	0
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days	1
The racial make up of Markham is; East Asian (39.7%), White (27.5%), South Asian (19.1%), Southeast Asian (3.9%), Black (3.2%), West Asian & Arab (3.2%), Latin American (0.5%), Aboriginal (0.2%), and 1.9% of the population is multiracial while the rest of the population (0.7%) is of another group.	0
Hilmar Hlíðberg Gunnarsson - Þorsteinn Eggertsson	0
Route 447 provides a link to Mullingar via Crookedwood on Thursdays only.	0
Coffi Codjia (born December 9, 1967) is a Beninese football referee.	0
On May 24, 2010, Match.com became the exclusive provider of online dating service for Yahoo!	0
It is a concerto for guitar and orchestra.	0
This line passed along the Montmorency Valley (Ermont-Eaubonne), and headed towards the Northeast at Saint-Ouen-l&apos;Aumône, continuing through the Oise valley.	0
Pope Innocent III (ruled 1198–1216) declared Philip Augustus's marriage to Agnes of Merania null and void, as he was still married to Isambour.	0
The novel is a fix-up created from three previously published short stories about the Weapon Shops and Isher civilization:	0
It was redesigned as sleeker, red-and-golden armor in issue #48 (Dec. 1963) by that issue's interior artist, Steve Ditko, although Kirby drew it on the cover.	0
McClellan moved up in weight to challenge WBC super-middleweight champion Nigel Benn in London on February 25, 1995.	0
She was a student at the Berklee College of Music during 2009 and 2010 and landed in the finals of the songwriting competition.	1
In August 2011 it was announced that he would co-star in Ira Sachs' film Keep the Lights On, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2012.	0
In addition to these dishes, goat meat is often eaten as part of momos, thukpa, chow mein and other dishes in various parts of the country.	0
Drafted fourth overall by the Baltimore Orioles in the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft.	0
The Bank of England has an inflation calculator that goes all the way to 1209.	1
Rudolph isn’t as historic as we believe; it was actually created in 1938 by a US marketing company.	1
Half of the U.S. Army Air Force's casualties in World War II were suffered by Eighth Air Force (more than 47,000 casualties, with more than 26,000 dead).	0
It was previously a region (mintaqah).	0
Generally, white gold is coated with a very thin layer of rhodium to give it greater depth of color and shine.	0
Mon royaume pour une femme (1974)	0
Third, if you do accidentally stick yourself, report the injury immediately.	0
The Hollywood movie Gravity was more expensive than India’s Mars Orbiter Mission!	1
Women make up 49% of the worlds population	1
He was not reelected until 1834.	0
Aircrew cadets graduate as sergeant aircrew, not officers; this status is denoted by a red band on the white background and the RAF airman's cap badge with a white patch behind.	0
With the help of friends he managed to procure paper and pencils to depict scenes from the camps, saving the materials by keeping them close to his body while being moved from camp to camp, until he got to Bergen-Belsen, his last stop, where he was liberated by the Allies.	0
They can be composite applications that include non-Uniface components created using other development tools, and they can be deployed in distributed client/server and web environments, as mobile applications or web services, and in mainframe environments.	0
As Jupiter is the Roman equivalent of Thor, the Latin name for Thursday was “lovis Dies,” meaning “Jupiter’s Day.”	1
In 2013 Adie was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Letters from Plymouth University	0
The northern boundary of its occurrence commenced on the coast of the Sea of Japan at 44°N and ran south at a distance of 15–30 km (9.3–18.6 mi) from the coast to 43°10'N.	0
Liam does not like a girl to make the first move.	1
A new-born koala usually stays inside the mother’s pouch for about six months.	1
‘The Return of the King‘ broke the record for the film with the highest amount of people featured in it.	1
A three-day long "literary and scientific convention" held in City Hall in 1830 and attended by over 100 delegates debated the terms of a plan for a new university.	0
Some deposit their eggs inside the pitcher (with the larvae feeding on the pitcher's prey) and help the plants reproduce by transporting pollen from plant to plant.	0
On his return to France in 1440, Charles married Marie of Cleves in Saint-Omer (daughter of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves) and had three children:	0
The Sibelius Academy ( , ) is part of the University of the Arts Helsinki and a university-level music school which operates in Helsinki and Kuopio, Finland.	0
The first two acts were successfully premièred in Zürich in 1937, but for personal reasons Helene Berg subsequently imposed a ban on any attempt to "complete" the final act, which Berg had in fact completed in particell (short score) format.	0
Pingshan County is a county of Sichuan Province, China.	0
Kenny G broke a Guinness World Record in 1997 for playing the longest note ever recorded on a saxophone: an E-flat for 45 minutes and 47 seconds.	1
Elephants communicate in sound waves below the frequency that humans can hear	1
Mulan has the highest kill-count of any Disney character, including villains, and was the first Disney Princess to be shown killing people on-screen.	1
Barry's life as a writer started at the age of nine when he had a story called Tab the Cat published by a Rochester newspaper.	0
Shortly afterwards, Ginger falls ill and begins to decline rapidly.	0
A proposal by William Barton Rogers led to a charter for the incorporation of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, signed by the governor of Massachusetts on April 10, 1861.	0
F16, an antibody that targets the hemagglutinin protein, was recently discovered, and is the only known antibody effective against all 16 subtypes of the influenza A virus.	0
On January 9, the WGAE and CBS News struck a tentative deal.	0
He died on 22nd May 1885, in Paris, France.	1
He met his wife-to-be, painter Noêmia Mourão (he was previously married to his cousin Maria in 1921) after his first incarceration in 1932 for supporting Revolução Paulista.	0
Statistisch-commerzielle Ergebnisse einer Reise um die Erde, unternommen an Bord der österreichischen Fregatte Novara in den Jahren 1857-1859.	0
They have a high calving ease and are very maternal.	0
After Feinberg's burial site was found near Rafah after the Six-Day War and Lishansky's name was cleared, more Israelis began to view him positively, and a request was sent to Prime Minister Levi Eshkol to move Lishansky's grave to Mount Herzl.	0
Haunter appears in all Pokémon games, and can be caught in the wild in every Pokémon game except for Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire and Pokémon Black and White.	1
The blueprints for the Eiffel Tower covered more than 14,000 square feet of drafting paper	1
The moderate liberals, fearful of losing their positions as servants of the monarchs whom they wished to convince of the need for reforms, quickly came to the conclusion that only negotiations would lead to some form of political progress.	0
Zelda II: The Legend of Link included the chance to visit towns, and complete side quests.	1
Carolina attracted English settlers, French Protestants (Huguenots) and other colonists from Barbados and the West Indies.	0
The tea bag was invented in 1908	1
King Baldwin II of Jerusalem was the brother of Count Gervais and Countess Matilda of Rethel, while Beatrice of Rethel married King Leo I of Armenia.	0
2007 ASEAN Football Championship, semifinal, second leg:	0
to return to a previous state, e.g.	0
The Josephs began competing together by the late 1950s and became the U.S. national junior champions in 1961.	0
The brand’s EQT line of sneakers were originally supposed to serve as a status symbol, similar to how Jordan sneakers are viewed nowadays.	1
This is due in part to the double layer coat which	0
The Condottieri: Soldiers of Fortune (Thames and Hudson) (1971)	0
Best Wooden CoasterBoulder Dash, Lake CompounceBristol, Conn.	0
I don't spend all day rebooting my machine, and having looked at systemd config files it seems to me a very foreign way of controlling a system to me, and attempting to control services, sockets, devices, mounts, etc., all within one daemon flies in the face of the UNIX concept of doing one thing and doing it well.	0
Brandeis Judges, the varsity athletics teams at Brandeis University	0
Her favourite song is “Tell me something I don’t know” by Selena Gomez.	1
Black cats are the least likely to be adopted from an animal home, although people love buying jet black kittens.	1
The famous Santa Claus which was created by Haddon Sundblom for Coca-Cola is the main feature on the red truck, and can be clearly seen either drinking Coca-Cola or holding a bottle of the drink as the vehicle tours the country.	1
The LADEE mission was designed to address three major science goals:	0
Giraffes has the highest blood pressure of any animal	1
In 1460, with support from the Egyptian Mamluk sultan Sayf ad-Din Inal, James challenged her right to the throne, blockading her and her husband in the castle of Kyrenia for three years.	0
Charizard was voted as the favourite Pokémon by Official Nintendo Magazine readers in February 2012.	1
He is entablatured in the Cathedral Chapel of the Nine Altars (Durham) and is portrayed in the Great Hall of Durham Castle (University College, Durham) as a large, imposing man, with a heavy beard.	0
Political commentator and foreign affairs analyst Nile Gardiner suggested that the British Government should prompt a debate which will allow British business owners the right to keep and bear arms.	0
Music can make you feel less pain.	1
On 22 April 2010 he signed a contract as Director of Sport with his former club FC Carl Zeiss Jena.	0
Hopper derived his subject matter from two primary sources: one, the common features of American life (gas stations, motels, restaurants, theaters, railroads, and street scenes) and its inhabitants; and two, seascapes and rural landscapes.	0
They prefer shallow, murky water in a warm climate.	0
The original novel was illustrated by Carroll.	1
Most species of lemur spend a majority of their lives high in the trees they live in.	1
It is situated in the north-east of the comarca.	0
It was discovered by Rear Admiral Byrd on the South Pole flight in November 1929.	0
Along with his brother and two sisters he was educated in the state sector; he attended St. Bride's High School (now part of St Andrew&apos;s and St Bride&apos;s High School).	0
Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.	1
Many cows produce in excess of 40 litres per day and 300 day lactations over 10,000 litres are not uncommon.	1
Gormflaith ingen Murchada was born in Naas, County Kildare, Ireland, around 960.	0
The country's best result came in 2004, when Nasser Al Sahoti finished fifth in the javelin, F58 category.	0
This title is an extensive revision of the first edition, which was published in 1972, and has 2600 new entries.	0
Zaira Nara began her career as a child model and professionally in adolescence for the agency Dotto Models, but later in 2008 she left Dotto Models to join Chekka Buenos Aires the agency of Mauricio Catarain, in which she won numerous advertising contracts to be the image of prestigious brands of clothing, lingerie and cosmetics.	0
Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1975.	0
Brazil is named after a tree!	1
The rough chameleon, Trioceros rudis, also known as the Rudis chameleon, is a chameleon from western Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, and eastern DR Congo.	0
mentioned in historical records as far back as the Roman times.	0
Additionally, in some applications, such as low-end electronics, such stringent manufacturing methods are excessive both in expense and time required.	0
The Earth is associated with the Goddess Terra Mater (Gaea in Greek Mythology) who was the first Goddess on Earth and the mother of Uranus.	1
Collapse of the World Trade Center	0
Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27 pm on 11th May 2009.	1
Courtship begins when a roaming female in heat makes	0
1944 - John Breaux, American politician	0
GAN (Global Area Network): provides a selection of low speed services like voice at 4.8 kbit/s, fax & data at 2.4 kbit/s, ISDN like services at 64 kbit/s (called Mobile ISDN) and shared-channel IP packet-switched data services at 64 kbit/s (called Mobile Packet Data Service MPDS, formerly Inmarsat Packet Data Service – IPDS).	0
"I fell in love with the man's voice.	0
Owls can't move their eyes from side to side	1
Samsung secured more patents that any other company worldwide with 7670 U.S. patents.	1
Within Torchwood an unofficial slogan evolved: "If it's alien, it's ours".	0
While there are debates around the accuracy of this historical legend, whether Philippides actually ran from Marathon to Athens or between other cities, how far this was, and if he was the one to deliver the victory message, the marathon running event of 26.2 miles / 42 km is based on this legend.	0
He had a half-sister, Emma Elisabeth Frisch (1899-1972), his father’s daughter by a previous marriage, and a brother eight year his senior, Franz Frisch (1903-1978).	0
The lotus is able to maintain a stable flower temperature, unlike other flowering plants.	1
|Louis II, King of Hungary and Bohemia||1506||1526||	0
The 1991 European Champions Cup victory	0
However, Fettel ultimately tells the Sergeant that the incident is none of his affair, and warns him not to interfere.	0
On the illegal trade market, a panda fur is worth between US$60,000 and US$100,000 !	1
Jason Witten had another Pro Bowl season, making 94 receptions for 1,030 yards, and 2 touchdowns.	0
George Bernard Shaw is the only person to win both – a Nobel Prize and an Oscar!	1
According to tradition, the founding of the kingdom happened in the 2nd century; Malay legends claim that Langkasuka was founded at Kedah, and later moved to Pattani.	0
Atlas/Seaboard Comics, a 1970s line of comics	0
At age 11, Leigh-Anne attended a Theater School in London, England.	1
Door-to-door, a sales or political technique for engaging an audience	0
The Charge of the Light Brigade (1912 film), a silent film	0
He was not, however, able to effectively impose such ideals on unit commanders, particularly as Sudirman and other PETA-trained resented the 'fascist' slur cast on them.	0
This combination of imperialism and location would affect Constantinople's role as the nexus between the continents of Europe and Asia.	0
Nan Hai, the South Sea, was one of the Four Seas of Chinese literature.	0
However, observations of cougars, particularly those close to areas of human use or residence, should be reported.	0
Hammond was one of the original men to racially integrate the music industry.	0
The centre is expected to play the deepest in the offensive zone but also the first of the forwards to backcheck.	0
In 1922, she had a small part as a landlady in Lady Hamilton starring Veidt as Lord Horatio Nelson.	0
If you find a lost driver's license, you can just drop it in a mail box - The Postal Service will take it back to the right person.	1
George got bullied at school, one of the lads kicked a football towards his face, and as he protected his face with his hands, the ball ended up breaking his wrists.	1
Jacob’s mother manages all his social media accounts, since they became too popular for him to organize alone.	1
Sikory-Bartyczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	0
Clinophobia is the fear of going to bed	1
Apart from the hecklers, some of the mainly young listeners in the audience (many of whom were schoolchildren) were not experienced in concert etiquette and made so much noise that Stockhausen and the performers frequently had to ask for quiet (Kurtz 1992, 175).	0
1 in every 200 workers, or around 17,000 people in Belgium work in the production and promotion of chocolate.	1
They may be carrion beetles or sweat bees.	0
This episode tells the story of Roy Hallums who gets kidnapped in Iraq.	0
Eburnus was held responsible for losing control of the city of Tauromenium to the slave uprising, and he was sent back to Rome "in disgrace" even though the Roman siege eventually succeeded.	0
In 2004, Tullow Oil acquired Energy Africa for US$570 million and with its 90% interest in the license.	0
6 for soprano and string quartet	0
Unltd or Ultd (Unlimited/無限公司): similar to a limited liability company (Ltd) but whose members or shareholders do not benefit from limited liability should the company ever go into formal liquidation.	0
In the sacristy of Santa Maria Cortelandini is preserved a large portion of a hairshirt of St. Thomas of Canterbury whose feast is celebrated there with considerable ceremony; in 1908 half of this relic was presented to the Benedictine Abbey of St. Thomas, Erdington, England.	0
There are no direct descendants of Shakespeare alive today.	1
Global, Japan, Korea and Thailand servers all had their respective PangYa Regional Cups to find their top 3 PangYa players.	0
Even after arriving and settling in, when Richard leaves the palace, he finds that Gratch is waiting for him.	0
The earliest film version was Fox's 1921 silent version.	0
Follow Kiryu's story from the beaches of Okinawa to the darkest side of Tokyo as he's pulled back to a post life he thought he had left behind.	0
There are computers designed for Amish people, with selling points like “No internet, no video, no music”.	1
Originally registered for copyright as LP1171 with a declared publication date of August 25, 1947, the continuation of copyright was contingent upon renewal between the 27th and 28th anniversaries of that date.	0
At the age of twelve, Charlie participated in a summer youth jazz ensemble in Red Bank.	1
In that match, Kuipers took the rare step of suspending the match due to a torrential electrical storm.	0
In discussions with director Hiroyuki Ito, Uematsu was told "It'd be fine if you compose tracks for the eight characters, an exciting battle track, a gloomy, danger-evoking piece, and around ten tracks or so."	0
Due to its good weather and low cost of living, the city has long been a popular retirement destination, although in recent years the population has moved in a much more youthful direction.	0
Sleeping position is determined by the current status of the cow in the group.	0
^ Block, Eric (2010).	0
Et le soleil desséchés et noircis.	0
Minister of Arts and Sciences: Sometimes split into two offices, one for arts and one for sciences, this office coordinates arts and sciences activities for the group, arranging classes and demonstrations, and leading participants to others who work in fields of their interest.	0
In the UK, The Sun newspaper released an amazing story of a man who had bought a 3310 when they first came out back in 2000 and now, 17 years on, the Yorkshireman is still using his trusty favorite and doesn’t even care about its technological inferiority.	1
The part when Ser Hugh of the Vale dies – including the falling horse, the spurting blood and other effects – was kept as a secret from the likes of Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams (Sansa&amp; Arya) to create a genuine reaction.	1
In an analysis of Parry's compositional process, Michael Allis draws attention to a widely held but inaccurate belief that Parry was a facile composer who dashed off new works without effort.	0
The Twilight series have been made into successful films by Summit Pictures.	1
Beethoven may have only composed one opera, but he reworked and revised the piece over a ten-year period giving us the two-act version performed today.	1
“King” was so well-received that both Nick Jonas and Carly Rae Jepsen performed covers of the single of BBC Radio 1.	1
This bourgeois family had introduced the Jacquard loom to Toulouse, and founded one of the first (and very successful) textile mills, producing draperies and passementeries.	0
The fiber break locator is an opto-electronic tape measure designed to measure only distance to catastrophic fiber events.	0
The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 5,533.	0
She first appeared on stage in 2001 in The Glory of Living.	1
Fifth Harmony announced their very first concert hall tour on 11th September 2013 entitled “Fifth Harmony 2013”.	1
Studies show that every $1 invested in a community garden yields $6 worth of vegetables, if labor is not considered a factor in investment.	0
The album has been certified nine-times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry, It was the biggest selling album in 2007, In Germany the album spent one week at the top spot, and went on to be certified triple-gold for shipments of 300,000 copies.	0
Fushigidane (フシギダネ) is the Japanese alternative for Bulbasaur and means strange seed, whereas in English it is just a combination of Bulb and Dinosaur.	1
Cast members from ‘The Fellowship of the Ring‘, including Elijah Wood, Orlando Bloom and Viggo Mortensen, had the number nine in Elvish tattooed onto them after filming had ended.	1
Canada accepts imports of cattle, beef or beef-based products only from counties that are considered to effectively control BSE.	0
C’est ça la musique (Chanté aussi par Henri Salvador	0
It was only Ultra intelligence that finally persuaded the admiralty to change their codes in June 1943.	0
Subcommittee on National Parks, Forests and Public Lands	0
Jim Carrey – Introduce Paul McCartney	0
The word orange derives from the Sanskrit naranga and the Persian narang.	1
Ruth Elder (1902-1977) was a pilot and actress.	0
OJ Simpson’s father, Jimmie, was a well-known San Francisco drag queen.	1
Lenin later wrote that the group "laid the theoretical foundations for the Social-Democratic movement and took the first step towards the working-class movement in Russia."	0
If Michael could was a superhero, he would love to be Spider-Man.	1
On December 27, 1933, the settlements serving the station, the dam, and the aluminum plant were merged with several adjacent villages to form the town of Volkhovstroy.	0
In 2012, School Library Journal sponsored a survey of readers which identified Charlotte's Web as top children's novel ("fictional title for readers 9–12" years old).	0
Apple have a ‘no smoking’ ban regarding their computers, which means if you smoke while using an Apple computer, you void the warranty.	1
Ostia contained the Ostia Synagogue, the earliest synagogue yet identified in Europe; it created a stir when it was unearthed in 1960-61.	0
The skirmishes, which involved limited combat, occurred in May 1776 at and around The Cedars, west of Montreal, Quebec.	0
A polar bear in Alaska was witnessed swimming continuously for 9 days, covering 687km (426miles).	1
This means that the crystals function as extra lives, to a degree.	0
Blue Skittles were not out until 15 years after the original Skittles.	1
Plastique has made a handful of appearances since then, mostly cameos in other series.	0
Generally considered papabile in the 1963 papal conclave closest to the vision of John XXIII, Lercaro, however, was considered too liberal by most of his fellow cardinal electors to be elected; Giovanni Battista Montini ultimately won.	0
Sent to prison after Nolan and Emily exposed who she was.	0
Competing processes included pressed powder sintering, investment casting, and machining.	0
5,556Seeleuge (nautical league) 1/20° of a circle of longitude 3 nautical miles	0
Kings XI Punjab failed to qualify for the play-offs but batsmen David A. Miller played one of the innings of the tournament in the 51st match against Bangalore, as he smashed 101* off 38 deliveries and included 8 fours and 7 sixes.	0
Image:Christian Jürgensen Thomsen.jpg|Christian Jürgensen Thomsen, 1849	0
8th - Keith Phipps, The A.V.	0
Airmen may receive infantry training in addition to other tasks or because they belong to units such as the RAF Regiment and United States Air Force Security Forces, whose main task is the protection of air fields and aircraft on the ground.	0
Relational terminology at Zuni Pueblo: A social semiotic case study.	0
(Response from the Museums Copyright Group (UK), which opposes the decision.)	0
Beachwood Place: stores include Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Coach, True Religion, Lacoste, J.Crew, Michael Kors.	0
Approximately 90 patrol boats of the Maritime Component of the Servicio de Vigilancia Aduanera are technically classified as Spanish Navy Auxiliary vessels.	0
Notes et documents sur Renaison, Abbé J. Prajoux, ISBN 2-84373-562-9	0
The steers (males) will be sent to the feedlot while a few heifers are kept behind to raise and later produce calves themselves.	0
Female lions complete 90% of the hunting in their herd!	1
Furthermore Bad Fredeburg (“Town of Fredeburg” until 1975), the Freiheit Bödefeld (market rights until 1975) and 80 villages:	0
The School of Law has moved to Jiangwan, and other schools will follow, including the School of Life Science, the College of Foreign Language and Literature, and School of Social Development and Public Policy.	0
"Alcove Secrets") - the "Riviera-Express" segment, realized by Ralph Habib	0
Unused fourth entry filled with zeroes	0
In 1980 the average cost of a Gigabyte of storage was a whopping $437,500, by 2000 it had dropped to $11 and in 2016 it was less than $0.02.	1
Britney Spears has guest-starred on sitcoms How I Met Your Mother and Will &amp; Grace.	1
Eating a lot of beetroot turns your pee into a pink color.	1
Adorning the landscape of the port city are the canals that are over a hundred years old.	0
Imogen Cunningham Award (San Francisco, California, USA, 1981)	0
In 1992, a new large-scale rail project was launched in China, called the "New Silk Road" or "Eurasian Continental Bridge" project.	0
The longest baseball game in history lasted for two days.	1
Giraffes have amazing eyesight, which means that they can wander away from one another but find their way back very easily.	1
As of June 2005, after many years of false starts, the Mexican government has almost completed a round-up and evacuation of the remaining goat population and Guadalupe has been designated a biosphere reserve.	0
Dalmatians are most popular for their attractive and unique spotted coats, but when they are first born, they are completely white without a mark in sight.	1
1987 — First place, investigative reporting, Ohio Associated Press Assn.	0
In the 18th century, tobacco was used for ‘rectal inflation': blowing smoke up the anus to resuscitate the drowned.	1
"1925; A Fall River Halloween" by Lisa Mannetti	0
For every 100 females there were 96.60 males.	0
This implies that n is equivalent to a , and one can write, e.g., a or 3 equally well to access the fourth element of an array a .	0
TK (Brown, or Semi-Black)dark brown to black sometimes with a few red streakslike Black but dryer/stiffer25 - 30%	0
The series follows sixteen year old Katniss, as she is chosen to participate in a dangerous televised game, known as ‘The Hunger Games’ and what happens in the months that follow.	1
At fourteen, she aspired to be either a model or a funeral director.	1
Couples who cuddle often are 8 times more likely to be happy in their relationship than those who don't.	1
PlotArea = left:50 bottom:50 top:30 right:30	0
20% of the world's electricity is used for lighting.	1
The book rights have been sold in over 37 countries.	1
He painted Van der Welt in mezzo ai corsari sopra una via romita (1851) and Cesare Borgia a Capita in mezzo ad una folla di fanciulle.	0
Bouman also played for the New Orleans Saints, Green Bay Packers, Jacksonville Jaguars, St. Louis Rams and Baltimore Ravens.	0
It was formerly known by the German name of Puschlav.	0
The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the “thagomizer.” They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.	1
If you tickle a rat every day, it'll start laughing as soon as it sees you.	1
The driver and conductors of the bus were named after J.K Rowling’s grandfathers.	1
Currently, though most families in the Thule region need at least one member in salaried employment in order to pay for electricity and other modern amenities, hunting remains a revered profession.	0
Luke took his fathers armour to the forest moon of Endor, where Vader’s armor was cremated in the manner of a Jedi.	1
Of the two sites, Pasargadae is considered the more threatened.	0
If you have an encounter with aggressive wildlife, please alert the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources (UDWR) office near you.	0
10 points: Ζ ×1, Θ ×1, Ξ ×1, Ψ ×1	0
Homer becomes a minister by going on the internet and filling out a form.	0
reduced the holding period required to qualify for long-term capital gains taxation from one year to six months.	0
The horses required for fast coaches were mainly produced by outcrossing heavy farm mares to the lighter racing type of horse, as a combination of speed, agility, endurance and strength was required.	0
He is comfortable with nudity and the sexual scenes his character gets into, and is unashamed for his parents to see.	1
This option gives ranchers the ability to keep records of breedings and produce consistent offspring.	0
This allowed foreclosure proceedings to continue as the park was no longer protected under Chapter 11.	0
All students enrolled in a course offered by the Kellogg School of Management agree to abide by the Kellogg Honor Code.	0
1978 - StorageTek develops a solid-state disk.	0
, which stands for "Which Was What We Wanted".	0
Orange is often biblically associated with saints and represents strength and courage.	1
It is now dead and it may be seen stuffed in Mr. Rothschild's	0
In 1920 he began studying towards a medical degree at the University of Otago where he was a resident at Selwyn College).	0
Government of India has selected Rafale from Dassault Aviation, France for procurement of 126 MMRCA for the Indian Air Force.Contract negotiations are currently ongoing.	0
It is famous for its engineering programs.	0
There were 1,633 housing units at an average density of .	0
In 2004, Coca-Cola created Miles Thirst, a vinyl doll voiced by Reno Wilson (the voice of Frenzy, Mudflap and Brains from across the Transformers films) in order to exploit the hip-hop market to advertise their range of soft drinks.	1
However, it was apparently not only financial reasons which led him to make this step.	0
"The Christmas Song" from Home for Christmas	0
"Money Makes Me Crazy" (marrakech mix)	0
7003Blonay Be2/6Stadler/ACMV/Adtranz/SLM1998Note 1 / Note 6	0
After the 9/11 Attack, Alicia Keys performed ‘Someday We Will All Be Free‘, a 1973 song, at the televised concert ‘America: A Tribute to Heroes‘.	1
6 wins - The Artist (2012) (10 nominations)	0
Glaciers move, or flow, downhill due to gravity and the internal deformation of ice.	0
In Greek, Mars was known as Ares.	1
1983: Betty White's Pet-Love: How Pets Take Care of Us	0
The island of Niue in Oceania released a coin with Bulbasaur and the Niue coat of arms on either side.	1
Justin drove P-Diddy’s white Lamborghini around LA to get some frozen yoghurt with Sean Kingston.	1
France was heavily involved in Vietnam in the 19th century under the pretext of protecting the work of Catholic missionaries in the country.	0
The Alto was realigned as a less costly car to accommodate new models such as the Cervo and Alto Lapin.	0
mentioned in historical records as far back as the Roman times.	0
Competition of Paso Horses in Trujillo	0
The Sierra Nevada lower montane forest (indicator species: Ponderosa pine, Jeffrey pine), west side, east side.	0
Lowest Temperature Recorded on Earth is -89.2°C (-128.5°F) at Vostok, Antarctica on July 21, 1983.	1
Berklee College of Music boasts a whopping 200 Grammy Award winners amongst its alumni; Charlie had a scholarship and graduated from the school, with a full scholarship in music production and engineering.	1
Losing Weight is the most common New Year’s resolution.	1
Over 2,500 left handed people are killed a year from using right handed products	1
In the next season, Universitario was nearly relegated after of finish in the 11th place (the penultimate place) with 25 points, one point over the relegated team Real Mamoré.	0
In 1971 the village became a city.	0
One of the most famous is Carreg Cennen Castle but there are many more.	0
A medium glass (175 ml) of 12% ABV wine contains around two units of alcohol.	0
The two emperors supervised a reorganization of the defences of Italy and the Illyricum, raised two new legions, Legio II Italica and Legio III Italica, and crossed the Alps into Pannonia.	0
The construction company and developer initially attempted to cover up the discovery and continue with construction but word soon got out and interest in the site caused the intervention of the state government who ended up buying it out for preservation.	0
It was originally entitled The Three Caballeros and Martin was to be teamed with Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi.	0
From a feedlot and carcass standpoint, they provide	0
Despite being high in fat content, chocolate doesn’t seem to raise blood cholesterol.	1
40% of Amsterdam commuters get to work by bicycle	1
Whales have the slowest metabolism of all animals	1
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.	1
Although you can’t always remember what the smell is, your nose can remember around 50,000 different scents.	1
It earned three Michelin stars in 1996, which it has maintained since.	0
Gruppo Bertone was founded as Carrozzeria Bertone in 1912 by Giovanni Bertone.	0
The remembrance poppy (a Papaver rhoeas) has been used since 1920 to commemorate soldiers who have died in war.	0
During the scene in which Ned is seen in a fever dream after his clash with Jamie Lannister, actor Sean Bean caught the flu in order to look as feverish as possible for this scene.	1
The term "mass" suggests that the recipients of media products constitute a vast sea of passive, undifferentiated individuals.	0
Shields also throws a cut fastball that has superb movement and is thrown in the high 80s.	0
The indent in one side of a house brick is called a "frog".	1
Calum , Michael &amp; Luke all played a set without any pants on, to a crowd full of drunk people in their Lobby in London.	1
Let The Journey Begin", "Amazing Flight, I. Amazing Flight in Space", and "Tower of Hope", Mellotron "The Mirror Maze, I.	0
James F. Mahaffy, Biology Department Dordt College	0
9th August is officially National Rice Pudding Day.	1
The advantage to cooks is easier removal and cleanup, more precise form, and moister muffins; however, using them will prevent a crust from forming.	0
The research at RMCC focusses on areas of direct and indirect benefit to the Department of National Defence; More than 90 percent of the research at RMC is defence-related.	0
The two were founders and major benefactors behind , which opened November 2001 in the city of Napa, California.	0
Survivors provided detailed testimony of murders, tortures, and other cruelties, especially towards women, in which Grese engaged during her years at Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen.	0
As can be noted, even the name is almost the same.	0
At 3PW's The Future is Now on April 17, he faced his tag team partner Matt Striker fighting him to a no-contest.	0
‘World Pasta Day’ is held on the 25th October every year.	1
As of 2018, Backpack Kid is 5’7” tall (141cm), and he weighs 121 lbs (55kg).	1
Image:E-Werk Schwerin (5407745529).jpg | Former power station (E-Werk)	0
Young Mountain Lions stay with their mothers for about 15 months.	1
Albert Einstein walked 3 miles a day while Darwin went for three 45-minute walks every day.	1
This chapel served as the location for sung hourly prayers as part of the Marienverehrung (St Mary's Worship), the Marienzeiten or Marientiden and consequently earned the names Marientidenkapelle (St Mary’s Tidings Chapel or Sängerkapelle (Singer’s Chapel).	0
Males occupy territories that often overlap with a few smaller female territories, probably as a strategy to enhance access to females.	0
'3 Fanfares for Napoleon's Proclamation', Trois fanfares (1952) {recit, chamber (11brass), timp, perc}	0
The tramline then continued the remaining two miles to the sinter plant on overhead cables.	0
Thus, Soymonov could not effectively employ all of his troops in the attack.	0
Several features such as Distributed File System and Windows NT Load Balancing Service (WLBS) were delivered as addons for Windows NT Server 4.0.	0
He taught at the University of Benin in Togo for four years and was secretary-general of an architecture and urbanism study group from 1981 to 1991.	0
(Tübingen, Mohr Siebeck, 2011) (Studien und Texte zu Antike und Christentum / Studies and Texts in Antiquity and Christianity, 62),	0
In 2004 Hargrove suffered a number of injury setbacks and, after graduating with a degree in psychology, she took on a volunteer counselor role at a high school track and field camp.	0
The story revolves around Natsumi Tsujimoto and Miyuki Kobayakawa, two female members of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department and the protagonists of the show as they are stationed at the fictional Bokuto Police Precinct located at Sumida, Tokyo.	0
When a dairy cow gives birth, this process is called a freshening.	0
In 1907 the Seattle Car Mfg Company also known as the Car Company moved to a large manufacturing plant in Renton after demand for the company's railroad equipment exceeded the capacity of its Seattle plant.	0
Simpson recorded the temperature and wind observations at the base camp at Cape Evans.	0
Only Nataku and Kakyō always stay with Fūma.	0
Music for a New Society is a studio album by John Cale, released in September 1982 by ZE Records and Island Records.	0
He also once helped Thurgood get into prison for free dental care, and is shown to be willing (and able) to blackmail judges and business owners.	0
The Düben collection has been catalogued and is in the process of being scanned and published on the web: http://www.musik.uu.se/duben/Duben.php	0
MFZB (abbreviation of Motherfucking Zebrahead, Bitch) is the fourth studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.	0
The sauce is usually creamy, spiced and orange-coloured.	0
In a survey done by the ADCA Science Committee, some	0
Still conscious, he asked the doctor "Do you think I will live?"	0
Between 17 and 19 February, Arkansas steamed north to Bremerton for a four-month restricted availability during which she was armed with Tomahawk cruise missiles and the Phalanx CIWS close-in air defense system.	0
Of five players who were approached by the investigators for interviews because of their public statements on the issue, Toronto Blue Jays designated hitter Frank Thomas was the only one willing to be interviewed.	0
This should include the development of strategies to address the root causes and effects of movements of refugees and other displaced persons, the strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, the provision of effective protection and assistance, bearing in mind the special needs of women and children, as well as the achievement of durable solutions, primarily through the preferred solution of dignified and safe voluntary repatriations, including solutions such as those adopted by the international refugee conferences.	0
The number 2 is the only number greater than zero that when added to or multiplied by itself gives you the same result (4)	1
Years &amp; Years have performed on several TV shows, including The Graham Norton Show and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.	1
On the top front of their mouths, cows have a tough pad of skin instead of teeth.	1
The lead peaked at around 3'45" but after 115 km in the lead the breakaways were reeled in by the main group.	0
To coincide with the film’s release date, Facebook created The Hunger Games Adventures game.	1
Due to government pressure they did so.	0
Mahāmudrā is significantly different in the Tantras from how it is practiced in later Tibetan Buddhism.	0
The town centre contains many business firms, a few of which can be mentioned here.	0
The earliest estimates for the date of the frescos at Castelseprio in northern Italy, which undoubtedly show strong Byzantine influence, would put them into this period, but most scholars now date them much later.	0
Fulvio Astalli, 1719-1721 (also Cardinal-bishop of Sabina 1714-1719)	0
From 1965 onward, Guccini spent 20 years teaching Italian at the off-campus Dickinson College, in Bologna.	0
He attended Klein Oak High School in Spring, Texas.	1
"Queen Forever Megamix" (Remix by Freddy Bastone)	0
Farming and home industries are the main source of livelihood among the people.	0
Hee-dong came over to join his friends.	0
Henry’s shortest marriage was to Anne of Cleves, lasting only 6 months and 3 days before it was annulled.	1
Image:Layers in Monument Valley.jpg|Layers in Monument Valley.	0
Nearly all the art and altars in the cathedral were removed in 1528 during the iconoclasm of the Protestant Reformation.	0
Guovdageaidnu-Kautokeino is located in the Arctic highlands of Northern Norway.	0
George Redmayne Murray (20 June 1865 – 21 September 1939) was an English physician who pioneered in the treatment of endocrine disorders.	0
All around, she’s a small person – she stands at 5’2 (1.57 m) and her shoe size is 6.5 U.S.	1
James Dean, Lee Harvey Oswald, and Chandra Levy all died at the early age of 24.	1
Dewaniya became a fundamental part of Kuwaiti life.	0
Indica's music and lyrics are written by the band's singer Jonsu, who started her composer's career even before she went to school, writing little 'symphonies' two bars long.	0
The Vietnamese dong was devalued three times in 2010 alone.	0
It wasn’t until around 200 years after King Williams death that he actually started being called “William the Conqueror.”	1
King was the youngest person ever to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964.	1
There are many varieties of pasta, such as: long pasta, short pasta, minute pasta, egg pasta, fresh pasta and al forno pasta.	1
The 6th Airlanding Brigade suffered 115 men killed during the campaign.	0
In 2017, Switzerland became the first European country to allow the sale of insect-based food for humans.	1
The average mature oak tree sheds over 700,000 leaves in Autumn	1
TV Guide ranked Lisa Simpson eleventh on the list of the “Top 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of All Time”.	1
The Bots Master - Lady Frenzy	0
File:Arms of the Dutch Republic.svg|Arms of the States General of the Dutch Republic.	0
It ended the practice where the UMWA had kept a number of its districts in trusteeship for decades, meaning that Lewis appointed union officers who otherwise would have been elected by the membership.	0
It is one of the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds (AEWA) applies.	0
Moyer’s first television role was as Philip Masefield in Conjugal Rites in 1993.	1
Elm Farm Ollie was the first cow that flew on an airplane back in February 1930.	1
5 'Mit Fried und Freud fahr ich dahin	0
In the beginning of the 20th century, Campos Novos was embossed by the construction of the railway São Paulo - Rio Grande do Sul and by the Contestado War.	0
The group played their hit ‘Better Together’ on 24th November 2013 at the red carpet during the American Music Awards.	1
The present monument was designed by the architect J. Carlos Loureiro and was inaugurated on the 13th.	0
In 1848, he was elected member for Leitmeritz in the short-lived German parliament at Frankfurt-am-Main, in which he sided with the extreme radical party.	0
First ReignPrince Anurak Devesh สมเด็จเจ้าฟ้ากรมพระอนุรักษ์เทเวศร์ กรมพระราชวังบวรสถานพิมุข17851806	0
The Mitchell Fine Arts Center is the home of the university’s music program and provides offices and classrooms for the drama and music programs.	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
In 1994, Donkey Kong Country became the bestselling Nintendo game not bundled with the console.	1
The first of these models was the Nissan Micra (2002), which is long and smaller than many superminis of the late 1990s.	0
A healthy laughter can help you to reduce pain and prevent infections.	1
The conditions for this gigantic project proved to very favourable.	0
In a survey, 33% of dog owners admitted to chatting over the telephone to their dogs, while some even stated that they left voicemail messaged for their pets while they were away.	1
37May 11Blue Jays2–3Oliver (2–1)Tazawa (2–2)Janssen (10)Fenway Park36,54322–15	0
impact on the ground, and their tracks may be virtually invisible on packed	0
In the 1960’s, employees were segregated by gender because they were afraid men’s lewd conversation would be offensive to the women.	1
A 9mm bullet fired straight up will reach 4000ft and take 37seconds to do the round trip.	1
The cattle have relatively small heads and bone and are naturally polled.	1
By assuming that the reflectivity is white, we can assume that the power spectrum of the reflectivity is constant, and that the power spectrum of the seismogram is the spectrum of the wavelet multiplied by that constant.	0
Żabinka , formerly Żabinki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	0
They can be transparent, while some are translucent, causing danger to fishermen and tourists alike.	1
4.6 February 1985Estadio Félix Capriles, Cochabamba, Bolivia 1–01–0Friendly	0
Laffaux (Aisne) : Town Hall – Verdun – 1920.	0
The central feature is the Arc de triomphe du Carrousel, built to celebrate the victories of Napoleon, with bas-relief sculptures of his battles by Jean Joseph Espercieux.	0
Ramps grow in close groups strongly rooted just beneath the surface of the soil.	1
Jobson, Gary, Sailing Fundamentals, Simon & Schuster, 1987	0
Firefly Studios, a London based computer game developer	0
Due to the political crisis, the Football Association of Thailand stated that the Group Stages in the Thai capital Bangkok would go ahead, or if the situation got worse, games would be moved to Chiang Mai in the north of the country or Phuket in the South of the country.	0
Uranus was first discovered on a Tuesday by William Herschel on March 13, 1781.	1
Another version of the work published in the same year was entitled last=Wright.	0
According to a former employee, when it comes to your choice of filling, the meatballs and roast beef are the worst items you could order due to the amount of time they could be laying around.	1
Valentino Music, production music library that provides incidental music for films, television shows and commercials	0
If the DeLorean from Back to the Future was powered by hamster wheels, it would take 8,066,666,670 of them to produce 1.21 gigawatts.	1
The atomic number of titanium is 22.	1
He was visited by both the Emperor	0
The meaning of 'Blue Chip' comes from blue casino chips which have a high value	1
File:Ivano-Frankivsk Sheptytsky Square 2011 11 29.jpg| Ivano-Frankivsk	0
In fact, the town also holds the record for being the largest e-waste site, as of 2013.	0
Gopakumar R P - Indian contemporary artist and contemporary art collector (Sedition art)	0
Haking later told the Official Historian that he had thought Haig wanted XI Corps to fill the gap between Gough's I Corps and Rawlinson's IV Corps in the offensive, not act as a reserve at all.	0
Four cows in Stearns county Minnesota were picked up by a tornado and set down unharmed.	1
There is a member of the Green Lantern Corps who is a sentient planet.	1
It is a public property and possible to walk the full length of the beach, past all the hotels, resorts, and public beach bars.	1
His new house, near Sant Antoni de Portmany on the western coast of Ibiza, is a Moroccan-style mansion that was designed and built by Bernd Steber and Gunter Wagner in more than nine years.	0
Out of the forested land, 50.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees.	0
These novels have a much lighter, farcical, and comic tone, characteristics of postmodernism.	0
After a second stroke, Clark died at Locust Grove, February 13, 1818, and was buried at Locust Grove Cemetery two days later.	0
Just as a dog’s bark has several different meanings, a cat may purr because it is nervous, happy or feeling unwell.	1
^ "Gold in the Pyrenees".	0
He says he feels awkward wearing odd socks.	1
On November 22, 1989, Bavier was admitted to Chatham Hospital.	0
Whilst touring, on many occasions Michael has had to wee at the same time, in the same toilet as Calum!	1
There followed the virtual abolition of industrial licensing and MRTP clearance.	0
The night vision of tigers is 6 times better than humans	1
Venus is often said to be Earth’s twin sister, as they are both of similar sizes, mass and density.	1
Since the movement began, the total number of monks had more than tripled within the first 25 years, and many of these young ascetics have also been promoted to the episcopacy.	0
A diagonal crossing at Oxford Circus opened in 2009, currently the only one of its kind in central London.	0
All native New Zealand frogs (pepeketua in Maori) all share tail-wagging muscles, inscriptional ribs, round pupils, and a lack of eardrums, eustachian tubes, and vocal sacs.	0
Rotary encoder, Shaft Encoder – Optical, magnetic, resistive or switches – detects absolute or relative angle or rotational speed	0
Saturn is about 75% hydrogen and 25% helium with minor traces of water, methane and ammonia.	1
The bigger the orange the sweeter sweeter it is	1
Early on Easter morning in 2003, a man broke into Dembo's house while he and his mother were sleeping.	0
A gymnast's final standing in both the all-around and apparatus finals was based solely on the scores received by the gymnast during those competitions.	0
His grave is visited by many pilgrims.	0
In 1877 over 18,000 of the residents were Chinese miners.	0
Electricity only came to Little Cayman in 1990, and most provisions arrive from Grand Cayman only once a week.	0
Other established facts by the committee included that the duo were not aware of the banned drug to be present in their supplements because the Pakistan Cricket Board itself had not informed them of the dangers of contaminated supplements.	0
However, Professor Stanton Glantz released the film and San Francisco's then-NBC affiliate KRON-TV aired the documentary in May, 1982.	0
4:2:2 profileI, P, B4:2:2 or 4:2:0square pixels, 4:3, or 16:9none8, 9, 10, 11	0
Though arguably opposed to the shogunate, Satsuma was perhaps one of the strictest domains in enforcing particular policies.	0
William Greenleaf Eliot (1811–1887): an American educator, Unitarian minister, and civic leader	0
The album was Smith's first musical venture after leaving Tears For Fears in 1991.	0
2003 was the European Year of People with Disabilities, and the Eastern enlargement of the EU was awaited.	0
Avraham Burg אברהם בורג (1955–)19992003One Israel, Labor15	0
By 2013, Leeman and Subria had left, which meant there were now only three musicians in the group when Kitsuné Records gave them a contract.	1
The Continuum Recyclings, Volume Two (2010)	0
Francis James Herbert Haskell (1928 – January 18, 2000, Oxford) was an English art historian, whose writings placed emphasis on the social history of art.	0
Sep 2007 Sep 2008 Sep 2008	0
Striggio mentioned an ornamented four voice madrigal for three sopranos and a dialogue with imitative diminutions for two sopranos.	0
Ed Sheeran is an English singer and song writer.	1
Torches is the debut studio album by American indie pop band Foster the People.	0
Besides his selection to the Hall of Fame in 1980, in 1999 Snider was ranked 84 on The Sporting News's list of "100 Greatest Players", and was a nominee for the Major League Baseball All-Century Team.	0
One bull for each twenty to thirty cows is usually recommended.	1
The failure rates of subprime mortgages were the first symptom of a credit boom turned to bust and of a real estate shock.	0
Places of interest and historical significance	0
Make noise while hiking to alert cougars of your presence.	0
The black-comedy Beetlejuice, which Burton directed, grossed $80 million.	1
Within the Scottish legal system justices of the peace are lay magistrates who currently sit in the justice of the peace courts.	0
With over 360 million followers, it is considered to be the fourth largest religion in the world.	1
The fearsome werewolf legend has roots in ancient Greece, where after being insulted, Zeus turned King Lycaon of Arcadia into a wolf.	1
He lives with his family and dog Brian, on Spooner Street, in Quahog.	1
They reached Camp 2 on the west ridge on June 3.	0
Roiland originally wanted the show to run in eleven-minute segments, but Adult Swim pushed for half-hour episodes.	1
In total between 20 and 30 million lives had been lost, making it the second deadliest war in human history.	0
The cartridge is used both by infantry and on mounted and crew-served weapons mounted to vehicles, aircraft and ships.	0
IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.	1
Traveling down the rows of Austrian battleships, the two men encountered the Viribus Unitis at around 4:40 am.	0
Coconuts, in different forms, are anti-viral, anti-fungal, anti-bacterial and anti-parasite.	1
David Denman as Tony Nicastro (4 episodes)	0
The bill would create capacity within the State Department to quickly deploy civilian expertise and coordinate the government response to crises abroad.	0
Ancient Blacksmiths, the Iron Age, Damascus Steels, and Modern Metallurgy Archived 2007-06-26 at the Wayback Machine.	0
File:Abelmoschus manihot ssp tetraphyllus W2 IMG 2157.jpg|Abelmoschus manihot ssp.	0
Estimates from the US Fish and Wildlife Service placed bobcat numbers between 700,000 and 1,500,000 in the US in 1988, with increased range and population density suggesting even greater numbers in subsequent years; for these reasons, the U.S. has petitioned CITES to remove the cat from Appendix II.	0
1st DH National Points Series, Round 2	0
On the real Titanic, the band actually did stay on the ship, playing music as it went down -- They all died.	1
A giant panda eats as much as 10kg of bamboo per day!	1
Its interior was redone in 1971.	0
The two were held captive for nine months and threatened with death before eventually being released unharmed and without a ransom being paid.	0
Sir Ian Holm (born 1931), film, stage and television actor	0
The dream that Meyer had was written down became chapter thirteen of the book.	1
Before sugar became more widely available in the 18th Century, common people relied on honey for sweetening foods.	1
A lions feed once every 3 to 4 days	1
was a 32-gun fifth-rate frigate launched in 1758.	0
If you have an encounter with aggressive wildlife, please alert the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources (UDWR) office near you.	0
Further north, Marne-la-Vallée – Chessy station (transfer to the RER A) serves the new town of Marne-la-Vallée and Disneyland Paris theme parks.	0
This method of cooling can remove large amounts of heat from the milk in a very short time, thus drastically slowing bacteria growth and thereby improving milk quality.	0
Martine McCutcheon – Martine Kimberley Sherrie Ponting	0
Phranc on her 1991 album Positively Phranc	0
Zapdos and Jolteon have very similar names in Japanese: Zapdos is サンダー (Thunder), while Jolteon is サンダース (Thunders).	1
Tesla Motors, Inc. is an American company that designs, manufactures, and sells electric cars and electric vehicle powertrain components.	0
Ivy and Neet - This Mortal Coil	0
For example, the name New Meteor Garden had been changed to Meteor Shower, the character names of "Shancai", ""Daoming Si" and "Huaze Lei", became "Chu Yuxun", "Murong Yunhai" and "Duanmu Lei".	0
Worldwide cucumber production was 57.5 million tons in 2010 alone, with 40.7 million tons of the production and export happening in China.	1
Stewie often wished to kill his mother, which he did in ‘Stewie Kills Lois’.	1
Among the most serious possible side effects are birth defects to children conceived or carried during treatment; sterility, possibly permanent; or immune suppression (reduced ability to fight infection or disease).	0
With Bosnia and Herzegovina: 225 km	0
When the DKW plant moved the import of SKD kits stopped, as it became too expensive.	0
In 2010, Banksy actually did work on the opening credits on a Simpsons episode called ‘MoneyBart‘.	1
After play resumed, San Francisco scored 17 unanswered third-quarter points to cut the Ravens' lead, 28–23, and continued to chip away in the fourth quarter.	0
A refrigerator magnet or fridge magnet is an ornament, often whimsical, attached to a small magnet, which is used to post items such as shopping lists, child art or reminders on a refrigerator door, or which simply serves as decoration.	0
Alkalis decompose it into picro-podophyllic acid and picro-podophyllin, minute traces of both of which occur in a free state in the rhizome.	0
3406Peter ReifGunther Pichlbauer Holger Hermann RothMAN+16:34:08	0
Since the same outcome may be a member of many events, it is possible for many events to have happened given a single outcome.	0
Iatrophobia is the fear of doctors	1
Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.	0
In 1985 and 1991, improvements were made to the seating.	0
A banana is made of about 75% water, which isn’t very much compared to other healthy wonders like the cucumber or radish which has 96% and 95% respectively.	1
Studies have shown that around 8% of all male sheep are attracted to the same gender.	1
Overall, Brown was a head coach for 278 NBL games, winning 54 percent of the time.	0
54.Guillaume Repin and 98 CompanionsFebruary 19, 1984Vatican City	0
Thierry Lhermitte ( ; born 24 November 1952) is a French actor, director and writer, best known for his comedic roles.	0
they feature a mixture of dirt and tarmac, as well as various other obstacles.	0
Tainan ( ): "South Taiwan " in Mandarin	0
During the Victorian period, robin skins were used as a bizarre ladies’ hat accessory.	1
It is supported by 40 ancient columns, and in its construction resembles Santo Stefano Rotondo in Rome.	0
His western-themed efforts were suitably accomplished, but Columbia cut corners in every respect until the quality of the serials suffered.	0
By the time they have been retired for 2 years, 78% of former NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness or divorce.	1
This region on the Pacific Coast is the most famous of several that have sought to adopt the name of Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States.	0
To the north of Leibstandarte was the Totenkopf division.	0
The separation can be done on a small scale, effectively a laboratory scale for analytical or preparative purposes, or on a large scale, effectively an industrial scale for preparative purposes, or on some intermediate scale.	0
In the film three of the boys play the central roles: Hajo, Rolf, and Padde, while Harmen is here an adult.	0
During the Boxer Rebellion of 1900, the Legation Quarter was the site of an international incident as it was besieged by Boxers for several months.	0
In some periods, "cattle" and "livestock" have been used interchangeably.	0
Elijah Wood and Ian McKellen didn’t film any scenes together.	1
She was evicted two weeks before the finals, and was one of the final six contestants out of the original fourteen who had participated.	0
With a population density of 44,500 people per square kilometre, Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, is the most crowded city on the planet.	1
Eight teams, all champions of their respective national competitions, compete in the Cup, which is held in the summer at a single venue.	0
Although there are numerous citrus species that are referred to as limes—including key lime, kaffir or makrut lime (Citrus hystrix), various Australian limes (Citrus glauca, Citrus australasica, and Citrus australis), Mandarin lime (Citrus ×limonia), sweet lime (Citrus ×limetta), and Palestine sweet lime (Citrus ×limettioides), C. ×latifolia is the most commonly cultivated lime species for commercial use, and accounts for the largest share of the fruits sold as limes.	0
Rædwald and his son Eorpwald both ruled as pagans before being converted to Christianity.	0
Ben Manibag (Parry Shen) and his friend Virgil Hu (Jason Tobin) are lying in the sun discussing college admissions, but hearing a cell-phone ringing, begin digging in the dirt and soon uncover a human hand.	0
In a subsequent interview with Autosport magazine, Villeneuve's manager Craig Pollock confirmed that Villeneuve's Formula One career was over.	0
Vegetarians eat vegetable based cheeses, which are usually almond or soy based.	1
He was first introduced as a member of the Mutant Liberation Front in the comic title New Mutants, when Rob Liefeld took over as the penciller of that series.	0
West Indian manatees prefer warmer temperatures and are known to congregate in shallow waters.	0
Nearly three-quarters of the market for swimsuits is made up of women’s swimsuits, with the rest being split fairly evenly between men and children.	1
18.3% of Iceland's population uses cannabis, placing them as the top marijuana consuming nation in the world.	1
An Auditorium at the National Autonomous University of Mexico has been occupied by political protesters since 2000.	1
Egg (album), an album by Egg	0
But the rematch with Griffin was scrapped after Sonnen was tabbed as a coach for against Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones.	0
A common name for some species is 'flags', while the plants of the subgenus Scorpiris are widely known as 'junos', particularly in horticulture.	0
There are also three pairs of small white spots on the face; one each above and below the eyes, and one at the base of the ears.	0
The feud over the WWE Tag Team championships ended at Vengeance, which Bourne and Kingston won.	0
5xLP, Comp + box set by Severed Heads.	0
Everyone has a song in their playlist which they always skip, but never delete.	1
His favourite television show is How I Met Your Mother and his favourite film is Anchor Man.	1
More successful expeditions followed and in 1779 the Frobishers set up a company that owned two of the sixteen shares in the North West Company established that year.	0
Thai students still pay homage to this belief by holding gratitude ceremonies for their teachers that are always held on a Thursday.	1
Logan was the most complained about movie in the U.K. in 2017 as viewers felt that the movie was too violent for its 15 rating.	1
Gondomar's early foundations were established on 1 August 1928, as the club registered in the Porto Football Association.	0
Native Americans knew ramps well.	1
Once a women reachs the age of 30 they lose 1% of their bone mass every year thereafter (by the time a women is 50 she will have lost 20%)	1
We can produce laser light a million times brighter than sunshine!	1
Paris Hilton has size 11 feet.	1
Zhuangzi (around the 4th century BCE) and his Chinese Butterfly Dream	0
Before Rooney moved to Manchester United for £25.6 million in summer 2004, he spent two seasons at the Merseyside club.	1
Theatre; Herald Square Theatre; Liberty Theatre, Brooklyn; Lincoln Sq.	0
Bi-weekly has two different definitions: twice a week, or once every two weeks.	1
Unlike many other mammals, it is impossible for horses to vomit.	1
The governor since 2009 is Ahmad Ali Mansoura.	0
In thanks for narrating a documentary, the museum of Natural History named a spider after Harrison Ford – Calponia Harrisonfordi!	1
The money they earn from their condom sales goes to the JLS Charitable Foundation.	1
Linguistic independence was an important part of the twentieth century Scottish Renaissance, associated with the nationalist impetus provided by Hugh MacDiarmid.	0
[99] California has actively sought to protect the cat and has an estimated population of 4,000 to 6,000.	0
His mother is called Mary Lou Galecki.	1
In order to prepare for the role of Jesse Pinkman, Aaron says he spent a lot of time with former addicts, as well as current users so he could bring as much honesty to the character as possible.	1
Albert Anastasia, New York City Cosa Nostra boss and leader of the gang known as Murder, Inc.	0
Travels with Pen, Pencil and Ink (1978), Petersburg Press, New York, ISBN 0-902825-07-0	0
Locke believed it was his destiny to move the Island and bring the Oceanic 6 back as this would save the lives of everyone who were still on the Island.	1
There have been 2 cinematic hit films surrounding the mysterious number 23; in 2007, The Number 23 and in 1998’s 23.	1
One may also regard the unit type as the type of 0-tuples, i.e.	0
Delsey is compliant with the European Community REACH regulation.	0
Since 2008, another economic downturn has led to retailers including Beattie's, H. Samuel, Dorothy Perkins, Thornton's and Millet's exiting the town, with WH Smith also planning to close later in 2013.	0
The Hyphen in the company name, Micro-Soft, was removed after a decision was made in 1981.	1
When Zapdos is sighted, which is a rare occasion, it’s often during electrical storms.	1
The book picked up on many plot threads from Claremont's run on the two main X-Men books.	0
Ayane is a character introduced in the second season of the Major anime, after the time fast-forward.	0
The dedication of the later medieval Cathedral was to St Columba.	0
The Toronto Blue Jays blogosphere gave Rzepczynski the nickname "Scrabble".	0
“Ascension Thursday” is 40 days after Easter and is when Christ was said to have ascended to heaven.	1
Dreams Never Leave You (Woodworm, 2000)	0
Dylan’s favorite color is dark red.	1
Ever since his very first pay, as a bird, at school, he had a passion for acting.	1
A group of frogs is called an army	1
Moyer trained at the LAMDA (London Academy of Music &amp; Dramatic Art).	1
In 2015, Jack &amp; Jack made their TV debut after appearing on ABC singing Tides on their popular show The View.	1
Since his death, Thomson's work has grown in value and popularity.	0
Lolo moved to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in September 2008 for €4m before signing a two-and-a-half-year deal with AS Monaco on 28 January 2009.	0
Krk and surrounding area were known for large use of glagoljica.	0
He played college baseball at USC.	0
Rancourt is situated northeast of Amiens, on the N17 road	0
Keys and Brothers are the co-founders of KrucialKeys Enterprises, a production and songwriting team who assisted Keys in creating her albums as well as create music for other artists.	0
The world record for the largest gathering of scarecrows in one location is held by National Forest Adventure Farm in the U.K., with 3,812 scarecrows.	1
A Dutch start-up company have been able to start training wild crows so that they pick up cigarette butts and put them in bins for a peanut as a reward.	1
TFF Second League: 1996–97, 2000–01, 2002–05	0
The beaches are pristine – a pretty light blue, warm, very gentle, and as clear as a glass of water.	0
Athletes live 2.8 years longer on average than the average lifespan.	1
The number of days February has in leap years.	1
Unlike the cuneiform tablets, the "other" Assyrian King Lists are not considered to be wholly factual (since they contain some mythological figures) and thus are only considered to contain minor historical truths.	0
John Stuart Mill recalls his family living in Newington Green "from 1810 to the end of 1813"; it was at the time "an almost rustic neighbourhood", and it was during walks with his father before breakfast "generally in the green lanes towards Hornsey" ("my earliest recollections of green fields and wild flowers") that John Stuart would recount to James Mill what he had learnt reading the previous day.	0
It is illegal to slaughter a cow in several Indian states because of the religious significance.	1
Hormidas Jeannotte (December 22, 1843 - April 29, 1909) was a notary and political figure in Quebec.	0
(1963), The Caine Mutiny (1954), Away All Boats (1956), The Enemy Below (1957), From Here to Eternity (1953), Kings Go Forth (1958), Never So Few (1959), The Mountain Road (1960), and In Harm&apos;s Way (1965).	0
She was even a semi-professional Ukrainian folk dancer in the dance troupe Syzokryli, instructed by dancer and choreographer Roma Pryma-Bohachevsky.	1
This means that built in clocks in receivers will be spot on.	0
If you add up the numbers on a roulette wheel, you will get 666.	1
A koala sleeps for around 20 hours a day.	1
They are able to reproduce up to 10–15 years of age.	0
Zayn’s name is originally spelt ‘Zain’, however he prefers ‘Zayn’.	1
The aerial mycelium is whitish to yellow, tan or pale orange, but becomes brown to dark brown to red-brown with age.	0
Lebanon claims that Israel continues to occupy Lebanese territory called "Sheba&apos;a Farms" (however this area was governed by Syria until 1967 when Israel took control).	0
Rüdenberg, Reinhold (1916) Artilleristische Monatshefte, No.	0
Lerma, in due course declared a duke, positioned himself as the gateway to the king.	0
( ) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap)	0
Following the discovery of a devastated planet Earth and Admiral Adama's support for a permanent alliance with the rebel Cylons, Zarek and Felix Gaeta lead an unsuccessful mutiny on Galactica.	0
2010.01.03 - T-ARA 1st - Bo Peep Bo Peep 1st	0
In 1975 it unified with the neighbour communities of Gladbeck and Kirchhellen, but Gladbeck left it in 1976, leading to Kirchhellen becoming a district of Bottrop as Bottrop-Kirchhellen.	0
When asked to name one of his hidden talents he said: “I’m a pretty good poker player”.	1
in which Tampa Bay held home-field advantage against the Philadelphia Phillies.	0
Daniel Radcliffe is a well-known and fervent supporter of the Labour Party.	1
The red flour beetle (Tribolium castaneum) is a popular genetics laboratory animal and model organism, especially in studies of intragenomic conflict and population ecology.	0
The slogan on the banner bears the Soviet Union state motto ("Workers of the world, unite!")	0
An Australian study from 2011 discovered that the average person possibly loses 22 minutes from their lifespan for every hour they watched TV – due to the sedentary behaviour and health problems associated.	1
The colour blue is the least common colour in the foods we eat.	1
Starting in 1922, a grid of 80 canals was dug to drain of swampy land west of Palm Bay.	0
His father Peter John died in 1912.	0
Secretary of State for Finance and Economic Affairs in the second government of René Pleven (11 August 1951 – 20 January 1952)	0
He has two younger siblings, Harry and Lauren Irwin.	1
Bishop Matthew Man-oso Ndagoso (since 2003.02.28- 2007.11.16.	0
Agoraphobia is the fear of wide open spaces	1
Jean Meyer et Martine Acerra, Histoire de la marine française : des origines à nos jours, Rennes, éditions Ouest-France, 1994, 427 p. (ISBN 2-7373-1129-2)	0
Rose, Michael (1998), "Mercadante, Saverio", in Stanley Sadie, (Ed.	0
After joining The Big Red Machine, Morgan's career reached a new level.	0
Twice, Stewie has wanted to be a race car driver.	1
But he had also claimed that the reconciliation-themed "Beds Are Burning" was his favorite Midnight Oil song.	0
2007 : Le Cœur des hommes 2, directed by Marc Esposito	0
Mimas (genus), a genus of Hawk moths, including the Lime Hawk-moth	0
A blue whale can go up to 6 months without eating	1
Olives start out green and ripen to become black olives.	1
Gums exudates from the stem are mixed with water and soot to make ink by certain tribes in the region.	0
For example, Weart (1998) defines war as more than 200 battle deaths.	0
The lotus is able to maintain a stable flower temperature, unlike other flowering plants.	1
The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.	1
He was a former Jedi apprentice before becoming Master of the Knights of Ren and then taking his place as Commander of the First Order.	1
He attended New York University’s Tisch School of the Arts where he trained at The Atlantic Theatre Company.	1
Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory (Producer).	0
Meyer has been criticised by Stephen King, saying that, “Twilight is all about how important it is to have a boyfriend”.	1
They would have flogged me to death just like my sister and Djubenczicha...	0
A kind of multi-play video poker	0
The first car race at the Silverstone Grand Prix circuit was known as the Mutton Grand Prix after one car hit a sheep.	1
One of his favourite films is Avatar, which was released in 2009.	1
In 1799, Emperor Paul I consolidated the rival fur-hunting companies into the Russian-American Company, granting it an imperial charter and protection, and a monopoly over trade rights and territorial acquisition.	0
She received the role, as she showed the characters vulnerability.	1
He collected his 1,500th career strikeout August 24 against the Cleveland Indians.	0
For instance, the supercargo has no authority over the stevedores and he has no role in the necessary preparatory work prior to the handling of cargo.	0
Over two hundred other Saint-Émilion wines carry the description "Grand Cru", however this designation is awarded under the basic appellation rules and is not part of the formal 1955 classification.	0
Whilst celebrating his 18th birthday, he had to show identification at the door of the Mahiki club in London to prove his age before 5SOS were allowed in.	1
Pi 5 Orionis (π 5 Ori, π 5 Orionis) is a star in the constellation Orion.	0
Meghan Trainor has two brothers Ryan and Justin and her parents are Gary and Anne “Kelli” Trainor, who are both jewelers.	1
Cattle in much of the world were primarily used for traction for crop agriculture and for transportation.	0
The benefits to more formal standardized evaluation types such as batteries and tests are many.	0
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.	0
Oxygen, carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen make up 90% of the human body	1
According to local tradition, the name of Vatta from the name of an 11th-century pagan tribal chief called "Vata".	0
The Universe contains over 100 billion galaxies!	1
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Von Kármán.	0
In China and Japan, responses were sometimes very negative due to various controversies that arose from the film's casting and its relationship to history.	0
More civilians died in the Battle of Stalingrad than the nuclear atrocities at Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined.	1
After leaving Ibrox, Young had a three year spell as manager of Third Lanark between 1959 and 1962.	0
Matt Groening created the show and the characters, naming them after members of his own family.	1
DNA was first discovered in 1869 by Swiss Friedrich Mieschler!	1
PDAs and cellular phones have become so popular that many businesses are beginning to use mobile commerce as a more efficient way to communicate with their customers.	0
Maria "Movita" Castaneda (born December 4, 1917) is an American actress best known for being the second wife of actor Marlon Brando.	0
from: 1824 till: 1830 color:1800syears text:20s	0
Toranmal is the 2nd coolest hill station in Maharashtra state and is near Shahādā (approx.	0
61 out of 120, which is the maximum quantity of points in the game.	0
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series	0
In the maritime world, it is considered highly unlucky to begin a voyage on a Friday.	1
Penguins can jump 6 feet out of water.	1
In flowering plants, unfertilized seeds are involved, or plantlets that grow instead of flowers.	0
The interior design is dominated by the curving walls and three intergradient oval dome vaults.	0
Printed in colour and created for promotional purposes in conjunction with his work on Yabuki's animated film.	0
Bananas aren’t fruits they are a type of herbs!	1
P108 – Shah Alam – Khalid Abdul Samad	0
Most of Farmers Branch is a part of the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District.	0
Because of its hilly topography and surrounding parklands, there are few roads into or out of town; only the Coast Highway connecting to Newport Beach to the northwest and to Dana Point to the south, and State Route 133 crossing the hills in a northeastern direction through Laguna Canyon.	0
Union Royale Namur is a Belgian football club from the city of Namur.	0
It has been criticised for its prose style and literary merit.	1
The competition is now held once every two years, whereas prior to 2003 it was once every four years.	0
It’s physically impossible for pigs to look up at the sky!	1
Upon his return to England, the English press called him "The Yank from the Tail of the Bank" (a reference to the sand bank that finishes at Greenock).	0
She recorded and performed on three independently released albums during the years of 15 years old and 17 years old.	1
The world record for fastest marathon is held by Patrick Makau of Kenya with a time of 2 hours, 3 minutes, 38 seconds.	1
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in Berlin Zoo.	1
Mikey goes to the gym, on the odd occasion.	1
A "flibbertigibbet" is a frivolous and flighty person who is excessively talkative.	1
He loves his dad, but wishes he would be a little more normal.	0
Row 13 does not exist on Air France, Iberia, Ryanair, AirTran, Continental Airlines and Lufthansa.	1
The Areni-1 cave complex is a cave in the Areni village of southern Armenia along the Arpa River.	0
They are able to reproduce up to 10–15 years of age.	0
highest point: Crocus Hill 65 m	0
Their breakout came when their Vine The Nerd Vandals went viral.	1
Danny Strong, who played Jonathan, won the fan vote for favourite extra, as a result Jonathan’s character was expanded upon, featuring in season three, four, and prominently in season six.	1
The average Dutch person cycles around 1,000km annually.	1
In the meantime, street robbery decreased by 23 percent.	0
After being taken to headquarters to be informed that he is sentenced to execution, Fontaine is taken back to jail and put back in the same cell.	0
Leading members of the group include John Ashbery (born in poetry1927), Frank O&apos;Hara (1926–1966), Kenneth Koch (1925–2002), James Schuyler (1923–1991), Barbara Guest (1920–2006), Ted Berrigan (1934–1983), Anne Waldman (born in 1945) and Bernadette Mayer (born in 1945).	0
The $ sign was introduced in 1788	1
The movie Pulp Fiction cost $8 million to make with $5 million going towards actor's salaries	1
The same preposition is also used to introduce true relative clauses, in which case the verb is placed in the subjunctive mood.	0
Peaches are the third most popular fruit grown in America.	1
At the time of its break-up in 2012 it was the fourth-largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry and was one of the big four record companies (now the "big three").	0
This tower is the piece-de-resistance of Chittaurgarh.	0
Wartortle gets its name from a combination of war/warrior, tortoise, and turtle.	1
James Franco - 127 Hours as Aron Ralston	0
He is the son of actor Stellan Skarsgård and physician, My Skarsgård.	1
He wrote precise philological studies but also impassioned speeches on the Jewish nation and history that had an influence on later Jewish historians.	0
The time we spend dreaming helps us in overcoming painful experiences!	1
Between 2002 and 2008, the days of the week and months of the year were renamed to Turkmen National Symbols.	1
In the same year, he was appointed a Commissioner for English Heritage.	0
In 2011, they won the Best Breakthrough Act for Arqiva Awards and BBC Radio 1 Teen Award’s Best British Music Act.	1
The seed should be set in warm water up to 2 inches deep; no more than that.	0
In 1996, she undertook two film roles; Jane in Jane Eyre and Amy in Fly Away Home.	1
1990 Verso l'ignoto (with Gianni Bella)	0
However, what cougars have done to people is nothing compared to what people have done to cougars.	0
They leave the pouch 105 days after birth, appearing as small copies of the parent and weighing around .	0
He was returned to France by order of General Leclerc in October 1802, for "prevarications, and liaison relationships with organisers of the inhabitants and with leaders of brigands".	0
A radioactive isotope of gold (gold-198) is used for treating cancer.	1
In 1928, RILU launched the Confederación Sindical Latino-Americana (CSLA) as the Latin American branch of RILU — the first general labor movement in Latin America.	0
You're more likely to get stung by a bee on a windy day than any other	1
Despite its namesake, the Atlantic tarpon is not limited to one body of water or exclusive to the East Coast.	0
Sybil Hallow discovered he was in fact a conman, who wanted to use the Lost Chord to rob everyone in the school.	0
In 1819, the Methodist Church established a mission to the Wyandot in Ohio, its first to Native Americans.	0
At the age of 12, he narrowly escaped an attack from a shark, when he injured his arm whilst surfing.	1
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.	0
This railway is still operated as a museum railway after the mining operations at Løkken Verk were closed on July 10, 1987.	0
Kazzinc-Torpedo - plays in Supreme Hockey League	0
Cameron says he would date a fan, as long as they weren’t too obsessive.	1
There is a pinball game by Stern Pinball, in which Lois Griffin appears with exclusive material recorded by Alex Borstein.	1
They might have an extra eyelid, but they don’t have any eyelashes.	1
804 Squadron shoot down one He 111.	0
He was charged with soliciting a prostitute and was fired in May 2013.	0
As Minister-President he also served as President of the Bundesrat from May to October 1987.	0
Then, they were called previously as Sièges instead of wards.	0
Calum’s favourite food is Hawaiian pizza – that’s with ham &amp; pineapple topping.	1
The engine also boasts new effects such as Screen Space Ambient Occlusion, proper decals and a new rendering technique called Deferred shading.	0
These stations were in complement to those already existing under the management of FR3 since 1975, following the break-up of the state broadcaster ORTF.	0
In other words, her satisfaction can be quantified if she knows what the weather is like and what her choice of activity is.	0
In the November 2005 elections, none of the members of the Dover School Board who voted for the intelligent design policy were re-elected, and a new school board, which rejected the policy, took office.	0
As of January 2005, the system had 228 cars, of which 43 five-car trains were formed, the rest used for specialist duties.	0
He also won the European Championship title in 1959.	0
Beach development is another area which threatens sea turtles.	0
The Regional Council, which governs the Region, has an estimated operating budget of A$50 million.	0
"Euouae" is the longest word in the English language which is made up of nothing but vowels.	1
He was born on 16th November 1988.	1
The som ( ) is the currency of Uzbekistan in Central Asia.	0
Flowering is thought to be triggered by droughts that occur during transition periods from La Niña to El Niño.	0
He has a tattoo of an angel playing cards on his left arm.	1
McPhee earned a civil engineering degree at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he was a standout player for the Engineers before making his professional debut in 1982.	0
In June 1983, the Apple Lisa was released; it was the first commercial computer with a graphical user interface (GUI) and a mouse.	1
Blocked by ice to the northward, he went south of Southampton Island to Roes Welcome Sound and south along the west shore to Port Nelson, Manitoba where he found Thomas Button's winter camp of 18 years before, turned northeast, met Thomas James on 29 August, went north into Foxe Channel and into the lower part of Foxe Basin, turned back at 66°47'N, passed Hudson Strait in 10 days and reached England in October without any deaths among his crew.	0
Even the Mishnah contains some additions from the time of the Amoraim (see, for example, iv.2, where a gap must be filled from the Tosefta).	0
The first day of Lent in the Western Christian Calendar is known as “Ash Wednesday” and follows “Shrove Tuesday.”	1
The southern part, below 28° north, is the state of Baja California Sur.	0
The four standard sizes of micropipettes correspond to four different disposable tip colors:	0
keeping one's abilities and accomplishments in perspective	0
Various friendship associations were also formed by international Communist sympathisers who supported the Party:	0
He is only seen at the end of each stage, where he'll let players know how they did in each of their battles by awarding points.	0
The album's opening track "Mother", is an hour-long orchestral drum and bass piece.	0
Mixed for Two Chord Music, Inc. at Canaan Road Studios and Looking Glass Studios in New York City, New York.	0
Cardinal Joseph Franz von Paula von Auersperg (1772.10.18 – 1783.05.19)	0
There are six banks in the country.	0
Lalitpur is divided into three tehsils, Lalitpur, Mehroni, and Talbehat; four towns, Lalitpur, Mehroni, Talbehat, and Pali; and 754 villages.	0
The name Ciskei means "on this side of the Kei River", and is in contrast to the neighbouring Bantustan of Transkei.	0
The First World War brought about the end of neutrality.	0
De Dion-Bouton built railcars and railcar trailers used on many of the metre gauge railways in France, and also abroad.	0
Ovalau is characterized by its rugged topography, with little flat land apart from the Lovoni Valley in the centre of the island.	0
The cattle have relatively small heads and bone and are naturally polled.	1
The municipality of Sortland is located on the islands of Langøya and Hinnøya in the Vesterålen archipelago.	0
Every time you lick a stamp, you consume 1/10 of a calorie.	1
at:1893.01 width:0.1 color:DemPres # Grover Cleveland	0
The recapitulation often ends with a passage that sounds like a termination, paralleling the music that ended the exposition; thus, any music coming after this termination will be perceived as extra material, i.e., as a coda.	0
Tractors fitted with a power take off (PTO) system have tachometers showing the engine speed needed to rotate the PTO at the standardized speed required by most PTO-driven implements.	0
A three-legged crow is present in Japanese, Korean, and Chinese mythology.	1
Later, Germans became the main ethnic group of Prussia, in the number of people as well.	0
These dikes still exist, and are called the .	0
From a feedlot and carcass standpoint, they provide	0
Oreoi was part of the municipality of Istiaia until 1912, when it became a separate community.	0
Bobcats make similar, albeit smaller, scrapes.	0
There are three other prominent mosques; one near Nagai Pudhur Road, one near the new bus stand and one another at Moolakadai Street.	0
Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1975.	0
Sebastião de Melo showed no mercy and prosecuted every person involved, even women and children.	0
The abolition of the Community Charge was announced on 21 March 1991.	0
Following his release, Spann accompanied Ezra and Dorothy back to Italy, acting as his secretary.	0
The two met in the ring, admitted their faults and embraced in the ring.	0
Big Mama, a character in the 1981 film The Fox and the Hound	0
Sena language, spoken in the four provinces of central Mozambique (Zambezi valley): Tete, Sofala, Zambezia and Manica	0
IL-3- Stimulates production of all non-lymphoid cells.	0
It was here at the former seat of the Song dynasty that he began a large project of reconstruction (since the siege against it in 1127).	0
28 miles is equal to 45.061632 kilometres.	1
Every pawn on a chess board was given the name of a commoner’s occupation in medieval chess; these included the likes of Gambler, Innkeeper, Doctor and many others.	1
In Full Body Massage, teams, with the help of a map, had to find a massage parlor and sit through a 20 minute massage.	0
He was one of the most influential musicians of his time, and represents the culmination of the style of the Venetian School, at the time of the shift from Renaissance to Baroque idioms.	0
He followed it with a number of other books, most focusing on the history of the United States people, relying substantially on oral history.	0
While working towards this goal, Madara captures Kurama the Nine Tails and uses him in a scheme to destroy Konoha.	0
They are best known for their 1977 UK top ten hit "Do Anything You Wanna Do", released under the name The Rods.	0
A potential obstacle to the adoption of biological pest control measures is growers sticking to the familiar use of pesticides, particularly since it has been claimed that many of the pests that are controlled today using pesticides, actually became pests because pesticide use reduced or eliminated natural predators.	0
SeasonTimeslotSeason premiereSeason FinaleNumber of episodesTV seasonTV channel	0
Myanmar: The town of Payathonzu can be accessed from Kanchanaburi, Thailand by road.	0
Mokhtar Amalou ( مختارامالو ) (born 14 August 1971, Algiers) is an Algerian FIFA football referee.	0
2.1 million people still use AOL 56k dial-up in the U.S.	1
A male cheetah is social able, and is often seen in small groups.	1
Ramona excitedly thanks Mrs. Meacham, telling her the family won't have to move after all, to which Mrs. Meacham sarcastically replies that she's looking forward to having Ramona for the rest of the year.	0
Ron Kavana – banjo, spoons, mandolin	0
The suspension system was still the same Showa design but both the front and back were fully adjustable for damping and preload.	0
In 1912, Olympic gold medals were entirely made from gold but modern medals contain only 6 grams of gold.	1
In the wild, kangaroos often live to the age of 6.	1
The hide from one cow can make 144 baseballs, 20 footballs, and or 12 basketballs by-products.	1
Ibrahim’s intervention proved decisive: the Peloponnese had been reconquered in 1825; the gateway town of Messolonghi had fallen in 1826; Athens had been taken in 1827.	0
Using sexual metaphors help to promote a false sense of excitement, and willingness to support the idea of weapons used within the military.	0
Its successor is the United Reformed Church (a union of the Congregational Church in England and Wales and the Presbyterian Church of England in 1972).	0
EOS IX LiteEOS IX 7EOS IX 50March 1998	0
If you were to turn your TV to a dead station, 1% of the static you see is left over radiation from the Big Bang.	1
He’ll sometimes duplicate other artists’ works using unusual materials.	1
Ki-46 II: The first operational model of the series.	0
Pawlenty had opposed the Northstar Commuter Rail as a legislator, but changed his position in 2004, announcing a funding plan to jump-start the project, when the Bush administration determined the rail line was deemed cost-effective and time-saving for commuters.	0
All of these qālê are now lost.	0
However, birds are smarter than you might think, and they quickly become familiar with these structures.	1
In Epic Sanskrit, dasyu may be any outcast, or any former Hindu who has become an outcast by neglect of the essential rites.	0
He contributed many surgical instruments and improved on surgical techniques.	0
Les Contes de la guerre (1915)	0
There are 12 stars on the Flag of Europe.	1
The opening of the line took place on 13 December 2008 with an inaugural trip made by an ETR 500 Frecciarossa, classified as ES* 29405, with a load of journalists and politicians.	0
Jason Todd, Tim Drake, Stephanie Brown, and Damian Wayne all played Robin through the years.	1
On December 18, 2007, head of the Board Ed Haldeman (Dartmouth '70) issued a statement noting that "Mr. Zywicki has a apologized to members of the Freedman family and indicated that he would like to retract other parts of his speech."	0
Emma Watson made it to the cover of Teen Vogue at age 15 – at the time, she was the youngest person ever to make it to the cover.	1
The four penguins in the film Madagascar are named Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private.	1
The books are influenced by the Greek myth of Theseus and the Minotaur, where many young people were sacrificed to a deadly beast.	1
The week after 9/11, alcohol consumption in Manhattan increased by 25%, tobacco intake rose by 10%, and church attendance rose by 20%.	1
Mad has been criticized for its over-reliance on a core group of aging regulars throughout the 1970s and 1980s and then criticized again for an alleged downturn as those same creators began to leave, die, retire, or contribute less frequently.	0
Image:Franco-British Exhibition.jpg|Bird's eye view of part of the Franco-British Exhibition (1908)	0
George W. Bush: George W. Bush currently holds the title as the president with both the highest and lowest approval ratings in history.	1
Infuriated, the Jarretts redid the ceremony the same night.	0
The law does not always stop poachers, who find a ready market across the border in Ontario (especially in the Ottawa area), where ramps may be legally harvested and sold.	1
She gained recognition for her portrayal of model Gia Carangi in the HBO film, Gia.	1
The Outfield was Nash Grier’s first real acting role where he plays the character Jack Sanders.	1
For the first time, Google searches for memes have overtaken search for Jesus.	1
His shoe size is 6.5 (UK).	1
They spend up to sixteen hours a day eating to gain enough sustenance.	1
The PL lasted just the one season of 1890, and the Boston franchise won the championship.	0
As Holmes and Blackwood fight, Holmes tricks him into becoming entangled in the ropes and chains hanging over the Thames, while Holmes explains the technical trickery behind Blackwood's supposed magic.	0
Dong Zhuo was born in Lintao, Longxi Commandery (present-day Min County, Gansu) and was said to be a chivalrous youth who was excellent in horseback archery in his early days.	0
Bernard the Groom - Wedding Two	0
Laguna Verde reached Level-2 in the WANO excellence rating, the highest level obtained by a nuclear power station outside the United States according to WANO/ATLANTA	0
He later attended Stanford University for graduate study in political science.	0
His official twitter account is @Nashgrier.	1
VLISP refers to at least three distinct items.	0
File:Flag of Samoa.svg| Flag of Samoa	0
The per capita income for the county was $12,657.	0
Venus is the only planet named after a female.	1
Only four teams have won both legs of the trip, played either on consecutive nights or on a Friday night and Sunday afternoon.	0
There is a widespread belief among some South Koreans that leaving a fan on in a closed room at night can cause death.	1
People who eat breakfast feel better both mentally and physically throughout the day.	1
Polybius' sequence of anacyclosis proceeds in the following order: 1.	0
Their debut single ‘Killing an Arab’ received much controversy, even though it was based on novel The Stranger by Albert Camus.	1
Jake "Jakermeister" McReynolds — guitars, backing vocals (2008–2010)	0
He repeated the same feat in 2006, wearing the black pinstriped jersey.	0
A large fresco was painted between 700 and 800, depicting the Virgin and Child and a bishop kneeling before the high Archangel Michele who pierces Satan in flames.	0
To meet these objectives, two Heinkel He 111s, one Dornier Do 17, eighteen Ju 52 Behelfsbomber, and three Italian SM.79s (Corpo Truppe Volontarie) were assigned for the mission.	0
His full name is Cameron Alexander Dallas, and goes by the nickname of ‘Cam’.	1
In spring 627, when the general Li Yi, an associate of Li Jiancheng's, rebelled at Bin Prefecture (豳州, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), Emperor Taizong sent Zhangsun to engage Li Yi, although before Zhangsun could arrive, Li Yi was defeated by his own subordinates and killed in flight.	0
Chocolate seems to be an effective ‘first aid’ to anyone who has come within close contact of a Dementor.	1
When a person wanted to type a table (of numbers or text) on a typewriter, there was a lot of time-consuming and repetitive use of the space bar and backspace key.	0
12.16 October 19760–2 World Cup 1978 qualification	0
American Songs - The Very Best of Johnny Cash & Boxcar Willie	0
Every binary relation R has a transpose relation R −1 , which is related to the inverse function.	0
In response to the long time demand of the Kashmiri expatriate community, an international airport has finally been planned.	0
Air crews were trained on signs and symptoms.	0
The idea for the novel came when Carroll went rowing up the Isis with three young girls; Lorina, Edith and Alice.	1
Upbeat dance music can stimulate brain waves and improve concentration, even after you've finished listening to it.	1
Austin, who the court accepted was a lawful and peaceful demonstrator prevented by her detention from collecting her child, is to take her case to the European Court of Human Rights.	0
2009: American Rust, by Philipp Meyer (Spiegel & Grau)	0
The film formed part of the first commercial presentation of the Lumière Cinématographe on December 28, 1895 at the Salon Indien, Grand Café, 14 Boulevard des Capucines, Paris.	0
In Chile, it has surpassed Sauvignon blanc and Sauvignon vert to be the most widely planted white wine grape.	0
Airports of Thailand found that the cost of fixing 60 identified problems at the airport would be less than 1% of the total airline cost and the problems could be fixed in up to four to five years.	0
Dongxiang were also known as Santa (San-t'a) people, it was reported that many of them served in the army of the Hui General Ma Fuxiang.	0
Deakins signed on as cinematographer for Skyfall, the most recent James Bond film, having previously worked with director Sam Mendes on Jarhead and Revolutionary Road.	0
Fish can taste with their fins and tail as well as their mouth!	1
She also won more than 30 singing and dancing competitions as a child.	1
Employees are asked to not wear perfume or cologne so as not to interfere with the smell of their freshly-ground coffee.	1
| It was the capital of Kazakhstan (and its predecessor, the Kazakh SSR) from 1929 to 1998.	0
Wessberg was criticised for her slow play at the 2007 Women&apos;s British Open.	0
April Fool’s Day was also originated in France after the nation started following the Gregorian Calendar but failed to communicate the change properly.	1
She was hit again by one heavy and three medium bombs dropped by Heinkel He 111s of KG 4 during the night of 4–5 April.	0
During 1978, the Right to Federal Privacy Act was adopted and this drastically limited the government's ability to search bank records.	0
The final state is accepting, but the input is not accepted this way as it has not been (completely) read.	0
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 15.69%.	0
As of the census of 2000, there were 147 people, 62 households, and 45 families residing in the city, though the town had a housing boom from 2004 to 2009.	0
For this period the team has changed several names as being in unstable conditions.	0
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle	0
Red Bull was the first energy drink ever made, and they created the energy drink industry.	1
Sprite was manufactured as Coca-Cola’s response to the popularity of 7-Up.	1
&lt; Communist Romania | History of Romania | Present Romania &gt;	0
There are over 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building	1
This was a co-release between Superfi Records and Fuck Yoga.	0
51 Mikael Odenberg (substituted (6 October 2006-15 November 2006) by Reza Khelili Dylami) (substituted (16 November 2006-17 September 2007) by Marianne Watz) (replaced (18 September 2007-) by Sofia Arkelsten)Moderate PartyStockholm Municipality	0
Winterbilder (Winter Scenes), 5 Short Pieces, Op.	0
Spike Maynard, 71, American judge, member of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia (1996–2008).	0
Europeans consume about 40% of the planet’s chocolate.	1
The band consists of lead singer Chris Martin, bassist Guy Berryman, guitarist Johnny Buckland and drummer Will Champion.	1
To cut passenger expenses, CGW replaced steam trains with motor cars.	0
Troy Savings Bank, Troy, New York, 1875	0
Hosokawa Gracia, the wife of Hosokawa Tadaoki, was one of the most famous samurai converts to Christianity; she was also the daughter of Akechi Mitsuhide.	0
The sequence depicts the spacecraft's three orbits and Glenn's responses to what he saw, sometimes quoted verbatim, as well as the concerns over the heatshield during reentry.	0
Marco Polo was one of the discoverers who found the Ark after a three-day hike in the snow.	1
The French people call the English people les rosbifs, which translates to ‘The Roast Beefs’!	1
He was also appointed a member of the Imperial Fine Arts Academy (Teikoku Bijutsu-in) in 1919.	0
The band enjoyed limited success for a short time, dropping out of view altogether when their only hit had fallen from public memory.	0
The racial makeup of the town was 86.12% White, 11.65% African American, 0.12% Native American, 0.50% Asian, 0.62% from other races, and 0.99% from two or more races.	0
You can buy square watermelons in Japan (developed to stack better in supermarkets)	1
He also had a voice coach who helps him with his dialect.	1
The Simpsons first aired on December 17, 1989.	1
Shaggy, or Orville Burrell, was a US Marine serving during operation Desert Storm as a Field Artillery Cannon Crewman.	1
In the following campaign's opener he scored with his head to earn his team a point against F.C.	0
One civilian lost most of his fingers to a tear gas canister explosion, and another fell into a coma after breathing tear gas.	0
R 3.01 – Jephte sacrificium (lost)	0
Google rents 200 goats to help cut down weeds and bushes at Google HQ.	1
British rock band Feeder have covered the song and played it live on a couple of occasions.	0
While the book portrayed him as a serial fornicator, Ramnika Gupta, a CPI(M) trade unionist and politician, accused Reddy of having raped her when she met him at an AICC session to discuss the nationalisation of mines in Dhanbad.	0
They changed their name to Guerre.	0
A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - Y - Z	0
John Edward Masefield, OM (1 June 1878 – 12 May 1967) was an English poet and writer, and Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1930 until his death in 1967.	0
Wendy (Selma Blair), a co-worker of Chandler's in Tulsa, Oklahoma, who tries to seduce him when he's forced to spend Christmas there.	0
The Russian Mafia shows up and takes however many cows you have.	1
Others have indicated that Hartshorne failed to understand traditional Christian views about petitionary prayer and survival of the individual in the afterlife.	0
Fish-hooking, gouging as part of self-defence or martial arts	0
Calves are fully weaned at the age of 8 to 11 months.	0
Their leader is an old man named Oboro.	0
Homosexuals are 39% more likely to be left-handed!	1
In WW II, vehicles typically had to be maintained a few months before being destroyed or captured, but in peace time vehicles must train several crews, over a period of decades.	0
The military budget of Georgia increased more than 50 times over the period from 2002 (US$ 18 mln.)	0
When Johnny Depp was a child, he used to train lizards as pets and teach them to perform tricks.	1
The largest snowflake in the world was found in 1887 it was 15 inches wide and 8 inches thick.	1
Remi Clerc Paul Degouy Zacharl Hrimeche Killian Mermet Baptiste Miette	0
The fight then remained on the ground where Emelianenko won by submission via armbar at 2:58 of the first round.	0
Although the proposal was discussed in Norway, it was ultimately rejected in 1947.	0
I de Dage – In Those Days (1923)	0
A fear of marshmallows is called althaiophobia.	1
However, the estates of Bohemia and Moravia met at Čáslav on June 1, 1421 and decided to appoint a provisional government, consisting of twenty members chosen from all the political and religious parties of the country.	0
The old armour was fitted between the main and upper decks, above the new armour belt.	0
He attended Jimmy C. Draughn High School with his sister, but according to his Twitter, he absolutely hated it.	1
The parashah tells how Moses asked to see the Land of Israel, puts forth arguments to obey the law, recounts the setting up of the Cities of Refuge, recites the Ten Commandments and the Shema, and gives instructions for the Israelites’ conquest of the Land.	0
As a university student, she has used the name Alex, rather than Sasha.	0
Nahum M. Sarna and S. David Sperling (2006), , in Bible, Encyclopaedia Judaica 2nd ed.	0
Joey’s favourite cake is chocolate cheesecake.	1
Promoter – Live Nation Global Touring	0
A study in Australia found that cattle egrets reduced the number of flies that bothered cattle by pecking them directly off the skin.	0
Barbara's gang continues to take extreme action against perceived 'threats to Little Stempington life' (planned low-cost housing, teenagers wearing hoodies, etc.	0
Snails have 14,000 teeth and some can even kill you!	1
If you sold everything worth selling in your body, you're worth about £400,000 ($615,000).	1
He was born in Sheerwater in Woking, Surrey, and resides in Australia.	0
While having relinquished some of his formerly absolute power, the Prince of Monaco remains head of state and retains most of the country's governing power; however, the principality's judicial and legislative bodies may operate independent of his control.	0
In addition, its machinery was less complex than the two inboard elevators, requiring about 20% fewer man-hours of maintenance.	0
She is close friends with Selena Gomez.	1
With white southern Democrats forming a solid voting bloc in Congress, with power out of proportion to the percentage of population they represented, Congress did not pass another civil rights law until 1957.	0
He started playing the guitar when he was twelve years old.	1
La Torre was murdered on 30 April 1982.	0
The Finance, insurance, real estate and leasing industry employs 218,000 people,	0
Crocodiles swallow rocks to help them dive deeper!	1
Designs of this early era ranged from two skiblades on the lower deck (Like the Skeeter) to four blades on the lower deck.	0
However Everton dropped down to 19th in 1979–80, just one place and four points above relegated Bristol City.	0
Bronze is a mixture of mainly copper and tin: usually nine parts copper to one part tin.	1
U.S. President George W. Bush choked on a pretzel in 2002, passed out briefly and fell to the floor from a couch, bruising his lip and scuffing his cheek.	1
Attalens is a municipality in the district of Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	0
Bhavani is a ferocious aspect of the Hindu goddess Parvati.	0
As the wrist flexes, the flexor digitorum profundus contracts in a proximal direction, drawing the lumbricals along with it.	0
Brittany is part of the French state, and does not have any legislative autonomy, but four départements have some financial autonomy as one of the Regions of France, whilst the fifth département is in another French region.	0
Her name is derived from the fourth Doctor’s companion, also named Leela, from the show Doctor Who.	1
However, NIMH's intramural research program, which conducted studies in the NIH Clinical Center and other NIH facilities, remained at NIH under an agreement for joint administration between NIH and NIMH.	0
Britain was the first country to use postage stamps	1
The real name of Krusty the Clown from The Simpsons is Herschel Shmoikel Pinchas Yerucham Krustofsky.	1
Despite being the sixth largest country in the world and the home of several large cities, there are just 24 million people living in Australia.	1
With the shortage of supplies, accompanied by heavy attacks from the KMT, the CCP had to launch its now-famous Long March in order to retreat.	0
The Titan IIIE, the one with an additional high-specific-impulse Centaur upper stage, was used to launch several scientific spacecraft, including both of NASA's two Voyager space probes to Jupiter, Saturn and beyond, and both of the two Viking missions to place two orbiters around Mars and two instrumented landers on its surface.	0
Clift's performance saw him nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.	0
(4:390) The search for the supreme principle of morality—the antidote to confusion in the moral sphere—will occupy Kant for the first two chapters of the Groundwork.	0
Friedman writes that the “Aaronid priesthood that produced P had opponents, Levites who saw Moses and not Aaron as their model.	0
Marylebone became the best place in London to see heritage trains.	0
As of November 2007, the Dreamcast had 688 official games, with a number of unofficial games still being released for the hard-core fans.	1
There is a difference in the structure of the voice box or the larynx, because of which the cougars can't roar.	1
DC Comics published Batman &amp; Dracula: Red Rain in 2003.	1
Mob boss Vincent Gigante used to wander around New York in his bath robe to convince the police he was insane and avoid capture.	1
At this stage the Army consisted of approximately seven Fallschirmjaeger regiments composed of some 20,000 airborne troops along with a collection of anti-aircraft batteries and a mix of 25 self-propelled guns and tank destroyers.	0
There are over 320 species of parrots	1
She is a singer, songwriter and a musician – how talented.	1
The Vice-Regal couple worked hard to keep the "Empire Spirit" alive during wartime.	0
Not only did he dance on stage with Katy Perry, but later appeared in the music video later that year for the same song, “Swish Swish.”	1
He is of German, Irish, and English descent on his father’s side, and Norwegian and Czech on his mother’s side.	1
Monodendri is built at a height of 1060 meters and retains much of the traditional stone-built architecture.	0
Those horses that became surplus to requirements were sold to farmers.	0
inside of the legs and underline also being the lighter shade.	0
The revolving door was invented in 1888	1
Anastasia Chulkova ( ; born 7 March 1985) is a Russian professional racing cyclist.	0
Her real name is Alecia Beth Moore.	1
Distinguished Service Cross (with oak leaf cluster)*	0
Because of their adaptability, they are the most widely distributed earthbound mammal in the Western Hemisphere.	1
A hummingbird’s heart beats at over a 1,000 times a minute!	1
Serge N&apos;Gal (born 1986), Cameroonian footballer	0
29 March 1938 at Maizuru Naval Arsenal	0
Woodrow W. Keeble, World War II and Korean War era Medal of Honor recipient	0
The French poet and critic Charles Baudelaire referred to his portrait series as showing "all the morals and aesthetics of the age".	0
Tom Daley started diving at the age of 7, and has been swimming since the age of 4.	1
Antarctica is the only continent turtles don’t live on.	1
Montpelier railway station, in Bristol on the Severn Beach Line	0
Although it contains some of the northernmost land in the island of Great Britain, it was called Suðrland ("southern land") from the standpoint of Orkney and Caithness.	0
A sluice (from the Dutch "sluis") is a water channel controlled at its head by a gate.	0
In 2003, Jenkins made the Ring Magazine's list of 100 greatest punchers of all time.	0
Hensley later explained, "When he joined, we thought that we could replace a great bass player (Thain) with another great bass player, but we ignored the personality factor, which is crucial.	0
- Nana's closest and oldest friend, she tries to support Nana in her quest to tell Yuichi how she really feels.	0
In May 2012, he expressed support after hearing that Barack Obama had endorsed same-sex marriage.	0
On the 12th month of their calendar (November) during a full moon, Loy Kratong is celebrated by releasing little floats made of leaves, flowers and incense on the water.	1
Around 6,000 people arrived in 1848 and in 1849 around 90,000 people arrived to hunt for gold.	1
“Millionaires Crackers” are Christmas crackers that contain a solid silver box with a piece of jewellery inside.	1
During installation, prevent any damage to the bellows by carefully following the instructions furnished by the manufacturer.	0
He appears at the end of the video to save Mario and Peach from the Wicked Queen, portrayed by Bowser (called "Koopa" in Japan).	0
Villa Campolieto hosts the executive office of Fondazione Ente Ville Vesuviane and The School Management Stoà.	0
On December 12, 2007 the group released a cryptic MySpace bulletin containing a link to their website and a message mysteriously stating "And so it begins …"	0
Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.	1
Linphone is a free VoIP application available on PCs running Linux, BSD operating systems such as FreeBSD, Windows, or Mac OS X, and mobile phones running BlackBerry OS, Android, Windows Phone, or iOS.	0
Francis Galton, the inventor of modern fingerprinting methods, had many other notable ideas: the weather map, the phrase “nature vs. nurture,” and the silent dog whistle!	1
The Allen's gallinule (Porphyrio alleni), formerly known as the lesser gallinule is a small waterbird of the family Rallidae.	0
Derivative of Bengoetxea or Bengoetxe, the name literally means down-more-of-house-the (be-en-go-etxe-a), translated into English as "the house of further down" and translated into Spanish as "la casa de más abajo".	0
He wrote a comedy La Suocera ("The Mother-in-Law").	0
Just two days after the start of the invasion of Malaya, Prince of Wales and Repulse were sunk 50 miles off the coast of Kuantan in Pahang, by a force of Japanese bombers and torpedo bomber aircraft, in the worst British naval defeat of World War II.	0
The festival attracted an audience of around 23,000 people.	0
Ancient Egyptians used to wear hair extensions.	1
Tigers have striped skin as well as their fur.	1
Miley has a medical heart condition entitled tachycardia.	1
That in the 17th century the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places (today to 1.2411 trillion)	1
William was dissatisfied with this outcome and went to Rome to ask the Pope to intervene.	0
2005Screen Actors Guild AwardsOutstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy SeriesArrested Development	0
Nelsan Ellis was born in Harvey, Illinois, United States.	1
She distinguishes between two types of sexual harassment (see pp.	0
Victor Valois, “Nieder mit England!” 1914 or 1915.	0
Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.	0
Cesare meets Tolomeo, who offers him a room in the royal apartments, though Cesare tells Curio that he expects Tolomeo to betray him.	0
On his off days of acting, Emerson’s hobbies include reading Shakespeare, going to Dodger’s baseball games, or spending time with his dog Chumley.	1
Admiral Alan G. Kirk took his post as the second president of Amcomlib, in February 1952.	0
The bishops of the diocese came predominantly from the eastern end of the diocese, right down until the reformation.	0
The average person takes 12 seconds to count to 24.	1
Vital Voices Global Leadership Awards, Global Trailblazer, April 2013	0
Guzmán, G. “Supplement to the monograph of the genus Psilocybe.” Taxonomic Monograph of Agaricales.	0
When he’s not acting, he likes hiking, meditating, reading, and playing the guitar.	1
The five British cruisers engaged the Italian flotilla at extreme range and succeeding in sinking the Espero, while the other two escaped.	0
In August 1527, John Rut – an English mariner – sent the first known letter overseas from Newfoundland to King Henry VIII.	1
During his later years on the set of Harry Potter, he was nicknamed Harry Puffer as a result of his smoking habit.	1
Mees, G. F. (1961): A Systematic Review of the Indo-Australian Zosteropidae Parts II.	0
Several minor rulers of Mesopotamia recognized his authority, and even the Kakuyids declared their allegiance.	0
England's first great industry was wool	1
Migrating to another country increases the amount of dopamine in the brain, putting immigrants at higher risk for developing schizophrenia.	1
"Parliament – Discovery of the Bendigo Gold-Field".	0
Jade Thirwall had her first kiss when she was 12 years old.	1
When Kurt Russell smashed the guitar in “The Hateful Eight” he accidentally destroyed an irreplaceable 145-year old museum piece, instead of one of the replicas.	1
List of freshwater aquarium fish species	0
1960 - Luther Campbell, American rapper and actor (2 Live Crew)	0
Originally, the intention of the ’93 bombing was to ruin the foundation of Tower 1 enough to force it to topple into the Second tower.	1
However, Gabri is actually planning, with her husband Mondaini (Jean Sobieski), to kill Anna and frame Marco, as they have discovered Marco's secret.	0
Microsoft designer Vincent Connare designed Comic Sans after being inspired by The Dark Knight Returns and Watchmen.	1
The average cloud weighs 1.1 million pounds.	1
After the founding CS&E began hiring personnel to run the team.	0
It is a frequented winter ski resort.	0
In 1931 the Zeppelin Company purchased of duralumin salvaged from the wreckage of the October 1930 crash of the British airship R101, which might have been re-cast and used in the construction of the Hindenburg.	0
Ra Navghan – Historical Character of Greatness during Solanki period	0
As well as speaking fluent English and Ukrainian Vera can speak some French and Spanish.	1
He worked out the significance of the tubes connecting the centres of the bodies of animals with the outside.	0
In addition to the earlier issues of the such initially DC ongoing series as Doom Patrol and Swamp Thing, other "mature readers" works such as V for Vendetta have later been subsumed into the Vertigo line.	0
The indentation at the bottom of some wine bottles is called either the kick or punt which gives added strength to the bottle but lessens its holding capacity.	1
Szczuka goes to visit the aunt, who lives in the same town, to find out where is son is, but she says that he is already a grown man at 17 and that she does not know.	0
The only native land mammal when humans arrived to Iceland was the Arctic fox.	1
Entomologist named a fossil fly Carmenelectra shechisme (pronounced Carmen Electra, she kissed me).	1
In June 2011, he signed with UNICS Kazan in Russia.	0
Secretary of the Department of the Interior David Hayes stated that support for the permitting process for Arctic offshore petroleum drilling will continue if President Obama stays in office.	0
"A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)"	0
Stewie has a beloved teddy bear, called Rupert.	1
The breed also performs a pace called a skeið, flugskeið or "flying pace".	0
He composed several early swing originals such as "Break It Down" with Frankie Trumbauer, "Transcontinental," "Plantation Moods," and a piece recorded under three different titles: "I've Got It", "Itchola", and "Jigsaw Rhythm," his original version with the WGN band including Louis Prima.	0
Charolais bulls and females are admired for their muscling, correctness and size.	1
The folk dancing groups usually have performances during national festivals, weddings, Turkish nights at hotels and within tourism areas.	0
Gregg Bissonette – drums (tracks 1–6, 8, 9)	0
Two new types of cards are packed in the Adventurer blisters: Scenarios and Experience Cards.	0
The municipality shared its borders with the former West Berlin, and so during the period 1961-1990 it was separated from it by the Berlin Wall.	0
U.S. Commerce Secretary Rogers C. B. Morton announced to the National Press Club that a statistic called the "T-Dollar" would be used in future press releases, with the idea that every one billion dollars in federal spending was $14.06 in federal tax money for each American household.	0
After climbing to the summit ("as far as an arrow could shoot in one pull"), Baucis and Philemon looked back on their town and saw that it had been destroyed by a flood and that Zeus had turned their cottage into an ornate temple.	0
Highest Temperature Recorded on Earth is 56.7°C (134°F) at Greenland Ranch in Death Valley, California, on July 10, 1913.	1
K-4 serves part of the county from Dover in the southwest corner through Topeka, across the Kansas River and north into Jefferson County.	0
The classic tale is re-imagined in a world that mixes skewed reality with shadow-play fantasy.	0
120 overall) in 2009 and a seventh-round pick (#203 overall) in 2009 to Atlanta in exchange for this pick.	0
In the 2005/2006 season at Persepolis Madanchi grew to become a first team player.	0
It is estimated that 9 out of 10 women in Mexico have been subjected to sexual violence, whether on the streets or at home.	1
is a city located in Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.	0
Thus there are no external server calls which can slow page load speeds, or result in uncounted page views.	0
A short while later Paso was replaced by José Julián Pérez, and a few months later, Rodríguez Peña was replaced by Gervasio Posadas, Alvear's uncle.	0
Several of the scenes on the exterior decks, as well as those in the ship's wheelhouse, were filmed on board the inert RMS Queen Mary in Long Beach, California.	0
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on every beach in the world.	1
Your stomach produces up to 2 litres of hydrochloric acid every day!	1
The origin of plant diseases was not known at that time.	0
He usually drives a motorcycle around town and later reveals that he is in love with Chizuru, resulting in his putting a bracelet on Kouta to stop him from doing anything perverted with Chizuru.	0
Pupils increase their size under the effect of strong emotions, such as attraction, disgust and interest.	1
Under this agreement, wine produced on 5.65 km² of land in Slovakia is allowed to use the Tokajský/-á/-é label.	0
The first successful kidney transplant was done by Joseph E. Smith and his team in Boston in 1954.	1
Peter Lawlor - lead & acoustic guitars, mandolin, bass, drums, backing vocals (1989–1996)	0
The most well-known Christian psalm is Psalm 23 which starts “The Lord is my Shepherd”; this is also known as the Shepherd’s Psalm.	1
Barleti referred to the meeting as the generalis concilium or universum concilium ; the term "League of Lezhë" was coined by subsequent historians.	0
It is animated by bassist John Warne.	0
His father, Nicole Perron, was a diplomat for the Canadian government.	1
Game 1 @ Orlando Arena, Orlando (April 28): Orlando 124, Boston 77	0
The study sessions of the Congress of 1937	0
A turkey can weigh up to 20kg.	1
1951 : Clara de Montargis d'Henri Decoin	0
At the age of 10, his parents refused to allow him to have his ear pierced.	1
Steve Soper Jean-Michel Martin Christian Danner	0
Every male koala has a scent gland on the chest which they rub on the trees to mark their territories.	1
Father Christmas’ sleigh was pulled by magical flying reindeer.	1
Many scientists thought butterflies were completely deaf until they first identified butterfly ears in 2012.	1
She played alongside Josh Duhamel and Katie Holmes in the 2010 rom-com, The Romantics.	1
Barrie Cassileth, an adviser on alternative medicine to the National Institutes of Health, stated that "scientific research has found no benefit from orthomolecular therapy for any disease," and medical textbooks also report that there is "no evidence that megavitamin or orthomolecular therapy is effective in treating any disease."	0
Many are restricted to one species of plant, while others are polyphagous.	0
These are the names of the Æsir's steeds: Sleipnir is best, which Odin has; he has eight feet.	0
At the end of the trial, however, only Van der Lubbe was convicted, while his fellow defendants were found not guilty.	0
Cute, she appears to have feelings for her brother (they aren't blood siblings), and is the object of affection of Yusuke, and object of lust of a neighborhood pervert.	0
City went on to win the game 4–0.	0
Helen Hayes - Do Not Fold, Spindle, or Mutilate	0
The Hudson County Meadowview Psychiatric Hospital is on County Avenue, Secaucus.	0
T.J. Cornell presumes that Livy relied on "unscrupulous annalists" who "did not hesitate to invent a series of face-saving victories."	0
The interior has a 12th-century baptismal font and paintings by eighteenth-century painters such as D'Elia, Primavera, and Solimena).	0
Around the U.K., scarecrows have many different nicknames depending on where you are, such as Hodmedod, Hay-man, Gallybagger, Tattie Bogal, Bwach, and more.	1
The word “Viking” means “a pirate raid” in the old Norse language.	1
A chameleons tongue is twice the length of its body	1
I fell in love with George, like many of you did, in season one."	0
He appeared in the Ben 10 episode "The Return" and "Be Afraid of the Dark" as Doctor Vicktor and Ben Vicktor.	0
Her grandmother was a professional opera singer, which inspired Swift from a young age.	1
The Franciscans and Paulists cultivated sacral chants, mostly monophonic and without organ accompaniment (the manuscript cantos of Frane Divnić, Bone Razmilović, Filip Vlahović-Kapušvarac, Franjo Vukovarac and Petar Knežević).	0
The first local rulers of the region were the Lords of Lobdeburg with their eponymous castle near Lobeda, roughly south of the city centre on the eastern hillside of the Saale valley.	0
The rats begin to gnaw at the door and eventually break in and devour him, and he says to Ben, "I was good to you".	0
He became a papal chamberlain to Pope Nicholas V and auditor of the Roman Rota.	0
Herb is an immensely skilled and ruthless martial artist, who consistently outmatched Ranma in direct combat.	0
In 2001 the team won the League with a still standing record of 30 victories and 6 losses and was promoted to Serie A.	0
The racial makeup of the county was 39.83% White, 58.95% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.29% from other races, and 0.58% from two or more races.	0
For every \alpha \in \mathbb{N}^N we define ||X^\alpha||^2 = \frac{|\alpha|!}{\alpha!	0
An alternate name in Ireland is the Turlough Spreadwing.	0
Loss of floodplain and shorter river reaches caused higher flood peaks and risk of flood in the past.	0
181518 JuneHundred Days: Battle of Waterloo: Napoleon is defeated by Seventh Coalition armies, definitively ending the First French Empire and the Napoleonic Wars, and marks the start of almost half a century of peace throughout Europe.	0
Bucca Lower Public (Formerly Bucca Creek until May 1919) - 1896-1978	0
It was performed in 12 teams, and Glentoran won the championship.	0
The closest galaxy to us is the Andromeda Galaxy, it’s estimated to be 2.537 million light-years away.	1
from:-2646 till:0 width:12 text:2646 textcolor:black fontsize:8px	0
The band and Ashton said that they pretty much hated each other before they got together, but now they’re like brothers.	1
One Direction launched limited edition Nokia C2-02 and Nokia C3-00 phones.	1
Before turkey, the working class ate goose at Christmas until the Victorian era.	1
The Lebor Gabála Érenn says he overthrew the High King Conchobar Abradruad, but does not say he became High King himself - Conchobar was succeeded by Cairbre Cinnchait.	0
Alien Reproduction Vehicle, a purported reconstruction of a UFO	0
In her nine years, she has quickly shown herself to be an independent and wild-spirited girl.	0
Helenius began training in boxing just at age of 5 under his father.	0
Mitscher was in charge of the engine room on the USS Stewart when orders to transfer to the Naval Aeronautic Station in Pensacola, Florida came in.	0
After the first attack, it took 102 minutes for both of the World Trade Centers to collapse.	1
Cassiopeiaε CasSeginIn Chinese, this star is called ( , ).	0
The formula used to calculate the temporal score is:	0
She became bedridden when she was 21 years old, and remained so until her death.	0
The Hogwarts Express from the Harry Potter movies is a real train in Scotland.	1
Bereg ( ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	0
He lived there until his death in 1841.	0
No one had ever dared delay or question his entry to any place in his kingdom.	0
Cobra (Chinese band), a Chinese all-female rock band	0
Following them the family of Jean-Ninon Larrouy bought the property; their wealth was based on trading the famous Bayonne ham.	0
Currently, all release prints on 35 mm film include an analog optical soundtrack, usually stereo with Dolby SR noise reduction.	0
Connect with yourself and spirit at the beach.	1
On May 12 of the same year Smolensk Okrug was renamed Yartsevo Okrug, and its seat was transferred to Yartsevo.	0
Humans shed and regrow outer skin cells every 27 days (almost 1,000 new skins in a lifetime)	1
Rick re-joined the Smith family one month before the events of the show’s pilot episode.	1
In 2011, 30% of all the videos on YouTube account for over 99% of views.	1
The Mumbai bridge; Bandra-Worli Sea Link cost $250 million and took over 25,000,000 hours to complete.	1
When he attempted composing for operas, however, he was rejected by the French as a composer.	0
33Ernesto Pérez Balladares 1 September 19941 September 1999Democratic Revolutionary Party	0
The Bontade-Spatola-Inzerillo traffickers supplied the Gambino Family – through John Gambino – in New York with heroin that was refined in laboratories on the island from Turkish morphine base.	0
His full name is Bradley Will Simpson.	1
Tokyo (DD-100), Luxury class cruise ships (1999)	0
Adak, Alaska is the farthest you can possibly get from a Starbucks in America – if you were there and craving a frappucino, you would have to travel 1,044 miles to get one!	1
People who were born deaf still have some type of inner voice.	1
It was Nicholas Cage who first advised Johnny Depp to pursue a career in acting, during the mid-1980s.	1
Numerous Internet meme collections contain comedic versions of the Fifty Shades of Grey book cover.	0
After she left politics, she wrote that although the position of deputy prime minister is only ceremonial, "very often, the DPM's job was to protect the prime minister from the political damage that Question Period can inflict on a leader," further citing the experience of Erik Nielsen during the Sinclair Stevens scandal.	0
Historian Denis Gril believes the Quran does not overtly describe Muhammad performing miracles, and the supreme miracle of Muhammad is identified with the Quran itself.	0
She spent part of her childhood in Malta.	0
The hotel offered the opportunity for a bath - in the only bathtub, situated on the ground floor - provided the guest reserved time in beforehand and paid the surcharge for hot water.	0
the Stud Book and Stud Book Certificates with the addition	0
Young smokers habituated to Kreteks, however, account for less than 1% of cigarette consumption in the US, and <1% of the total cigarettes sold in the US.	0
166 leFH were exported to Bulgaria in 1943 and 1944 (until February 1, 1944) Sweden purchased 142 leFH 18 howitzers from Germany between 1939 and 1942, designating it Haubits m/39.	0
Following the battle, Tryon ordered the execution of seven alleged Regulators, convicted by Judge Richard Henderson.	0
On March 12, 1870 it was officially incorporated by the state legislature as the town of Gilroy (John Gilroy had died in 1869).	0
Sixteen rays come out of the center of the ceiling, which each correspond to the arches.	0
Geopolitical tensions between 2003 and 2008 continued to elevate the price of gold.	0
Initially the post was part time, as the orchestra performed only four concerts annually during its first three seasons.	0
One of Michael’s ex girlfriend’s name is Geordie Gray.	1
In Leicester, England, a five year old boy phoned the police to tell them that his sister was cheating at Scrabble.	1
Originally founded as San Miguel de Miraflores, it was established officially as a district on January 2, 1857.	0
Tal & Yann-AlrickDamien & CandiceLaury & Maximebgcolor="darkgray" colspan="5"|	0
I had to take things calmly, and to tell myself that it ... is only this horrible malaria that will pass with a change of air ..." George, in fact, had acute bronchitis and was sent back to Athens where he could be examined by the Imperial doctors.	0
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.	0
He won the 4th Streamy Awards in 2015 in the Best Gaming Channel, Show, or Series.	1
More than 99% of people who are typing "LOL' are lying.	1
Rabbits start breeding at an early age, when they are three to four months old!	1
He has the least respect for his daughter Meg, coining the catchphrase, ‘Shut up Meg.’	1
Thus, any discussion of them is of indeterminate value, as descriptions of qualia are necessarily of indeterminate accuracy.	0
It was the 12th edition of the St. Petersburg Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour.	0
Alexander has stated in an interview that he is a keen singer whilst in the shower, and “Killing Me Softly” is his ‘shower song’.	1
While the feints were conducted, artillery would fire into the city.	0
Pierre-Charles Le Sueur, (c.1657-c.1705), born in Artois, noted explorer and trader.	0
His statue was sculpted by John Graham Lough and stands atop a pedestal designed by John Dobson.	0
PBXs are normally used for explosive materials that are not easily melted into a casting, or are otherwise difficult to form.	0
The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.81.	0
Interestingly enough, around 1860, Arthur’s grandson who had taken control of the brewery, donated almost $200,000 dollars towards the restoration of St. Patrick’s Cathedral.	1
Female leopards give birth to a little of two or three cubs at a time.	1
After World War I, Godard married Yeda Reuilly.	0
The track appears to be structured similarly to "Change" by Killing Joke.	0
1st Brigade: The 1st Brigade, 1st Armored Division cased its colors at Friedberg, Germany on 20 April 2007, ending 62 years of military presence in Germany.	0
The Royal Tropical Institute (Dutch: Koninklijk Instituut voor de Tropen) is a foundation based in Amsterdam, Netherlands, that studies tropical cultures worldwide.	0
This work ran to 40 volumes, the final volumes published posthumously by his son Guillaume Grandidier.	0
The LDS church is one of the fastest growing Christian church’s today!	1
Rumelange won the match, 2–0, and thus retained their National Division status.	0
In the US, a car is stolen every 29 seconds.	1
September 6-7 - Under Nazi occupation, Yiddish poet Abraham Sutzkever is among the Polish Jews interned in the Vilna Ghetto.	0
In 2007 he led all major league first basemen in errors, with fourteen, and was last among eligible major league first basemen in range factor (8.49).	0
The Havana Club sent college professor Ambrosio José Gonzales to entreat Worth to lead an invasion of Cuba.	0
Caves and other alcoves that offer protection are used as litter dens.	0
As social animals, wolves use different hunting techniques than the solitary cougar, but the two species prey on similar animals.	0
For these reasons and others, it stands to say that wildlife experts in India are concerned about the future vitality of the country’s leopard population.	0
Shawn Mendes is the youngest artist since Justin Bieber to have a Number One album!	1
1981 - Amanda Walsh, Canadian actress	0
Other stories involve a date between two high-profile heroes, the initiation of a "kid sidekick" hero, the efforts of a reformed supervillain to find a life outside of prison, a superhero being driven away from Earth by his "love's" attempts to expose him, and the life of an innocent bystander in the days after having been held hostage by a supervillain.	0
In February 2013, UNISON was among other organizations and individuals who gave their support to the People's Assembly in a letter published by The Guardian newspaper.	0
Their most recent victory was in 2005, where they defeated the Philadelphia Eagles.	0
Also, the evolution of chimpanzees and humans from a common ancestor predicts a (geologically) recent common ancestor.	0
In total Sonic has appeared in over an amazing 65 games!	1
During the summer 0f 2010 Jessica Talley, noted American photographer and dancer lived with the notorious socialite Eliza F M Wright on the top floor of number 11.	0
Capital Tower (Chinese: 资金大厦) is a 52-storey, skyscraper completed in 2000 in the Shenton Way-Tanjong Pagar financial district of Singapore.	0
While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.	1
William B. Travis, commander of Texan forces at the Battle of the Alamo	0
Saint Bernardino is the Roman Catholic patron saint of advertising, communications, compulsive gambling, respiratory problems, as well as any problems involving the chest area.	0
None of the Asha models have GPS functionality.	0
Previously, leather seating was an Oldsmobile Silhouette exclusive within the U-body minivans.	0
The Bay Trail is a planned recreational corridor that, when complete, will encircle San Francisco and San Pablo bays with a continuous network of bicycling and hiking trails.	0
The CR-21 comes standard with a 1X magnification optical sight with an illuminated reticle that does not require batteries.	0
After ruining their game Mickey tries to make it up to them by retelling the Liliput sequences of Gulliver's Travels, pretending it was a real event that happened to him by portraying the role of Gulliver.	0
More germs are transferred shaking hands than kissing!	1
Saturday takes its name from Saturn, the Roman god of generation, dissolution, plenty, wealth, agriculture, periodic renewal, and liberation.	1
The Lascaux paintings' disposition may be explained by a belief in the real life of the pictured species, wherein the artists tried to respect their real environmental conditions.	0
Pink is known to increase the heart rate and blood pressure of a person.	1
Die Kunstdenkmäler des Kantons Basel-Stadt, Bd.	0
Some of his nicknames included The Louis Vuitton Don and Yeezy.	1
For the 2009 24 Hours of Le Mans, the Peugeot 908 HDi FAPs finished first and second overall, led by drivers Marc Gené, David Brabham, and Alexander Wurz.	0
As social animals, wolves use different hunting techniques than the solitary cougar, but the two species prey on similar animals.	0
While Adidas’s current collection features sneakers for nearly every sports, the first pair of Adidas were track spikes made especially for track and field.	1
Many of the basic laws and regulations were issued during this period of Yang's control.	0
The priory was in relatively affluent circumstances before the outbreak of the war of Independence in 1296, and the annual revenue of the house was returned at £74 12s 6d in the 1291 valuation of Pope Nicholas IV.	0
3CR is an independent community radio station that is located at the Victoria Parade end of Smith St.	0
Scientists in the U.S. have managed to concoct an unholy combination of a goat and spider to try and create spider silk, one of the strongest substances on earth, by mixing the pairs genes and excreting the silk out as an extra protein from the goat’s udders.	1
Bronze is still commonly used in ship propellers and submerged bearings.	0
Kirk Douglas in Saturn 3 as Adam	0
Traditionally, it was the headquarters of Maelgwn Gwynedd, King of Gwynedd (fl.	0
Two large, cream-colored spots on the top of the second segment of the tail make spiny lobsters easy to identify.	1
The average clutch size is about two, although clutch size is bigger later in the season.	0
79% of pet owners sleep with their pets.	1
Everything I know about—time, rhythm and feel—I learned from Gar, so I'll always hear his voice in my music."	0
The remix of "Pictures of You" was originally released under the title "(Strange Mix)".	0
Mexican children do not receive presents on Christmas Day, instead, they receive gifts on January 6 (Three Kings Day)!	1
He is fifteen years old and can use the Dynamis.	0
1, reaching a career-high singles ranking of World No.	0
The mine closed in 1974, but part of its historical legacy has been the large amounts of toxic effluent it has deposited into Howe Sound.	0
The Astros went to Dodger Stadium to play the Los Angeles Dodgers, losing the first game 6–2.	0
Christmas tree bonfires are a popular New Year tradition in parts of Europe.	1
A plastic shopping bag can take up to 1,000 years to decompose.	1
This method of cooling can remove large amounts of heat from the milk in a very short time, thus drastically slowing bacteria growth and thereby improving milk quality.	0
Physiologically, this is a consequence of the Frank–Starling mechanism as inspiration decreases the thoracic pressure and increases blood movement into the heart (venous return), which a healthy heart moves into the pulmonary circulation.	0
The Huffington Post hailed their most popular vine mentioned above The Nerd Vandals as apparently “the perfect Vine”.	1
MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.	1
Beyond germline genetics, molecular pathology is a much wider open area for therapeutic and preventive applications based on EBM.	0
Coup leader Daouda Malam Wanké succeeded him as head of state and initiated a political transition that ended with elections late in the year.	0
Krusty follows Bart's advice and confronts Penelope in her dressing room.	0
According to State of Florida film commissioner Paul Sirmons, "the movies create huge, larger-than-life ads for where they are shot.	0
He also published newspapers called The Tribune of the People, The Chronicle of the Month, and The Well Informed.	0
Selena was discovered by Disney in a nation-wide casting call.	1
Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.	1
"A Quick One, While He's Away" is a 1966 medley written by Pete Townshend and recorded by the Who for their album A Quick One.	0
Hawaii is the only US state that grows cacao beans which go into the production of chocolate	1
In scleroderma the incidence has been estimated to be 6 to 60% of all patients, in rheumatoid arthritis up to 21%, in systemic lupus erythematosus 4 to 14%, in portal hypertension between 2 to 5%, in HIV about 0.5%, and in sickle cell disease ranging from 20 to 40%.	0
Lewis had a career-best 14 rebounds against San Francisco as a freshman.	0
His music for the film Vengo, directed by Tony Gatlif, won the César Award for Best Music Written for a Film in 2001.	0
In a nine-year period, the team took 16 Grand Prix wins, as Brabham and the team won back-to-back World Championships in 1959 and 1960.	0
from:01/07/1998 till:01/07/2013 color:bl1 shift:(0,15) text: "Seasonal Coefficients Ranking Graph"	0
The Order had three classes, and was only awarded to people who was minimum 30 years old.	0
In 1999, his collection of poems Nær afstanden (Near the Distance) was published in Arabic, translated by Jamal Jumá (Alwah publishers, Madrid).	0
A person who hides their pain behind a smile is called an “eccedentesiast.”	1
He made the graphics of Nicolas' games such as The Intruder, Pick'n Pile before doing his first game as both programmer and graphic artist Brain Blaster published by Ubi Soft in 1990.	0
The purunmachus of Carajía are peculiar because of the human skulls that sit atop their heads, visible in the photograph.	0
Birds include ducks, geese, American White Pelican (Pelecanus erythrorhynchos), sandhill crane (Grus canadensis), spruce grouse (Falcipennis canadensis), sharp-tailed grouse (Tympahuchus phasianellus), willow grouse (Lagopus lagopus), common nighthawk (Chordeiles minor), red-tailed hawk (Buteo jamaicensis), common raven (Corvus corax), Great Northern Loon (Gavia immer), bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus), gray jay (Perisoreus canadensis), Northern Hawk Owl (Surnia ulula), Great Horned Owl (Bubo viriginanus), American Herring Gull (Larus smithsonianus) and double-crested cormorant (Phalacrocorax auritus).	0
President Scotty's cabinet included himself as Minister of Foreign Affairs, Baron D. Waqa of Boe as Minister of Education, David Adeang of Ubenide as Minister of Finance, Dr. Kieren Keke of Yaren as Minister of Health, Russel E. Kun of Ubenide as Minister of Justice and Dogabe A. Jeremiah of Meneng as Minister of Public Works.	0
Rabinowitz, Howard N. Race Relations in the Urban South, 1856–1890 (1978)	0
Peak egg laying was observed from February to May.	0
NIDRR's grantees include the "Rehabilitation Engineering and Research Center" (RERC) at the University of Pittsburgh, the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago, the State University of New York at Buffalo, and the National Rehabilitation Hospital in Washington DC.	0
In 2005, his senior year and final year of competition, he won the 50-yard freestyle in NCAA and U.S. Open record time of 18.74, shattering the previous record of 19.05 set by Tom Jager in 1990.	0
1990 – Jagged Edge – You Don't Love Me	0
Tolkien and his wife had four children: John Francis Reuel Tolkien (1917), Michael Hilary Reuel Tolkien (1920), Christopher John Reuel Tolkien (1924), and Priscilla Mary Anne Reuel Tolkien (1929).	1
4016 July 1980Boca JuniorsRiver Plate1–1Ribolzi (p. 48)R. Diaz (34)	0
Having lost their navigational tables in a gale during the glacier ascent, they did not know exactly where they were, and had no landmarks to help them fix a position.	0
Every hour the Universe expands by a billion miles in all directions!	1
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.	0
Unst was once the location of several chromite quarries, one of which was served by the now-disused Hagdale Chromate Railway from 1907 to 1937.	0
An estimated 28 million Chinese traveled during the first National Day Golden Week in 1999.	0
In the summer of 1924, he moved to Olympique de Marseille.	0
Her favourite colours are black and lavender.	1
It contains political insinuations disguised as a love song because of Levine's not wanting to be preachy.	0
In 2012, Santigold was one of the guests on Amadou &amp; Mariam's album, Folila, and featured on the track "Dougou Badia."	0
1924 - Simon &amp; Schuster publishes the first crossword puzzle book.	0
George adores Timmy and thinks that he is the best dog in the world and often becomes angry when people insult him.	0
311.1 Musical bows - The string bearer is flexible (and curved).	0
She is not a fan of horror movies.	1
Even though a giraffe has a longer neck than all other mammals, it still only has seven vertebrae in its neck, which is the same amount as other animals.	1
FAP Carlos Martínez de Pinillos International Airport)	0
Between 1902 and 1963, Louis Clergeau, a local watchmaker, and his daughter took more than 10,000 photographs of life in Pontlevoy.	0
Abrantovich was the founder of the Belarusian Christian Movement and was the head of the first Belarusian Christian Union (Chryścijanskaja Demakratyčnaja Złučnaść) which was established in Petrograd (ex St. Petersburg) in May 1917.	0
Bone cells are constantly renewed, so every ten years you have a “new” skeleton!	1
A possible reason is that traditional inugami are considered dangerous spirits, more likely to cause harm than help, and are sometimes used to invoke deadly curses.	0
According to a study carried out from 1996 until 2010 consisting of over 9,000 women aged 9-15, there was a 39% decreased risk in developing benign breast cancer, simply by eating peanut butter for 3 days a week.	1
The change in legal status reflected growing public appreciation and concern for sound mountain lion management.	1
The controversy had begun in the wake of the Oxford Movement, which had created a Catholic revival within the Anglican church, prominent among which were the Anglo-Catholics.	0
It was wonderful to see this scion of one of the greatest and most powerful families of Europe caress and kiss the sons of our labourers, and make the effort of conversing with them in their Pallanzese dialect.	0
Taylor Swift is extremely talented, she can play the guitar, piano, ukulele, electric guitar and the banjo!	1
There are more than 400 species of animals living in Yosemite, 90 of which are different mammal species.	1
in 1981/82, but it was not released until 1983.	0
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth was deeply in love with evil genius Mom.	1
After the great purge in 1937, failing to anticipate the war in 1941, and underestimating German military power in 1942, Stalin finally fully trusted his military.	0
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,727 people, 11,511 households, and 5,778 families residing in the city.	0
Some Asian countries put gold in fruit, jelly snacks, coffee, and tea.	1
Cassette versions of the album often featured the sides in reverse order from the original vinyl album—side A consisting of tracks 6–9 and side B consisting of 1–5.	0
Corvinus University of Budapest operates with 6 faculties from this year.	0
At the peak of the hill (where the Maitreya hall had stood), a small pavilion was built in which was placed a statue of the Madonna.	0
He states that his greatest joy in life is to make people happy – such a nice person!	1
This spin-off mainly focuses on Big Johnson Bone's (ancestor to the Bone cousins) adventures, some time before the cousins' adventures in the Valley, though there is one short with Fone and Phoney follow a 'treasure map', which is later revealed as a joke by Thorn, who wanted the two to do the laundry.	0
Selena received a Mickey Mouse charm necklace as a gift from Disney Channel.	1
Sources and funds for humanitarian work	0
Despite the Captain's manslaughter, Tate remains fiercely devoted to his orders and refuses to abandon the trench.	0
Due to the Church’s beliefs regarding plural marriage, and the requirements required to enter the top Kingdom of Glory in Heaven (Where God Himself lives), the Prophet Warren Jeffs has 84 wives.	1
A day on Venus would last for 243 Earth days, whilst an entire year on Venus would last for 224.7 days – making a year on Venus shorter than a day!	1
The ancestors of Sampsiceramus I were Bedouins who had travelled the Syrian terrain, before deciding to settle in the Orontes Valley and South of the Apamea region.	0
The following were created as parodies of particular religious beliefs:	0
He graduated from Thornridge High School in 1997.	1
The average fox weighs 14 pounds.	1
As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,998.	0
In Serbo-Croatian, it is known as Karaš Severin/Караш Северин or Karaš-Severinska županija, in Hungarian as Krassó-Szörény megye, in German as Kreis Karasch-Severin, and in Bulgarian as Караш-Северин (translit.	0
They only eat plants, making them herbivores.	1
The important tourist spots of the district include:	0
Fanny Hensel, née Mendelssohn, (1805–1847), sister of Felix Mendelssohn and wife of Wilhelm Hensel	0
In 1909 he helped Hinko Hinković in Vienna in the defense during the fabricated trial against members of the Croato-Serb Coalition (such as Frano Supilo and Svetozar Pribićević), and others, who were convicted to more than 150 years and a number of death penalties.	0
A flower still life in the Philadelphia Museum of Art is signed and dated 'CV BERGHE 1617'.	0
In a scene in professor McGonagall’s classroom, there were 60 animals on the same set.	1
The Golden Hurricane's win combined with Rice's victory over Houston gives them home field for the C-USA Championship Game against East Carolina next week.	0
Biplanes, Triplanes and Seaplanes: 300 of the World's Greatest Aircraft.	0
He is a big supporter of the LGBTQ community, saying that if “someone [is] making a joke at the expense of the LGBTQ community – you have to speak up for it”.	1
On November 3, 1921, his widow sold the Canadiens hockey team for $11,000 to businessmen Joseph Cattarinich, Leo Dandurand and Louis A. Letourneau.	0
Whales are part of the ‘cetacea’ family as they have fins, flukes and blowholes.	1
This page also contained "The Very Last Gasp", which contained four or five items that either didn't fit in anywhere else or were only added just before the magazine went to press.	0
Rodrigo Pérez Ponce de León and 2.	0
Chegwin's career regained speed in 1993 when he presented the "Down Your Doorstep" outside broadcast segment on The Big Breakfast, in which he cried, "Wake up you beggars, it's Cheggers!".	0
Penguins use their wings for swimming.	1
The pair played mind games with each other over the following weeks.	0
Nicolle's discovery came about first from his observation that, while epidemic typhus patients were able to infect other patients inside and outside the hospital, and their very clothes seemed to spread the disease, they were no longer infectious when they had had a hot bath and a change of clothes.	0
Crepidomanes saxifragoides (C.Presl) P.S.Green - Small Filmy Fern	0
Gorenja Podgora, a village in the Municipality of Črnomelj	0
Anthony Greco was the first man ever arrested for sending spam messages in 2005.	1
Three other games were played in Olympic Football where only players with amateur status could represent West Germany, like the young Uli Hoeneß who delayed his pro career in 1972.	0
If the statue of liberty was built on Mars identically to the one on Earth it would weigh 84,825 kg less than it does on Earth.	1
When the climber is in a safe position independent of the belay they call "Off belay."	0
This is the commercial released version of Black Ops.	0
last=The Church of England in Australia Trust Corporation	0
The original design was for a much larger church, perhaps twice the size of the present building.	0
After spending time at "Rancho Relaxo", during which her family barely coped with her absence, she returned refreshed and everyone promised to help out more often.	0
Tunisia is, in terms of language, the most homogeneous of the Maghreb states.	0
Bulbasaur evolves into Ivysaur from Level 16, and then into Venasaur from level 32.	1
Myoglobinuria, the presence of myoglobin in the urine, occurs when the level in plasma exceeds 0.5–1.5 mg/dl; once plasma levels reach 100 mg/dl, the concentration in the urine becomes sufficient for it to be visibly discolored.	0
Firaxis Games is an American video game developer founded in 1996 by Sid Meier, Jeff Briggs, and Brian Reynolds upon leaving MicroProse.	0
He could walk upright on his hind legs, at which time his forelegs became gloved hands; at other times, he got back down on all fours and reverted to form.	0
The atmosphere on the plateaus is exceedingly clear, so that objects are easily recognizable at great distances.	0
He was named the MVP of the Midwest League, selected to its mid-season and post-season All-Star teams, and selected as its "Prospect of the year".	0
Other noticeable cosmetic differences comprise LED turn signals on the door-mounted mirrors, redesigned wheels and revised side air vents.	0
After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.	1
Oberstleutnant Heinz von Holleben, 29 November 1941 – 22 April 1943	0
Since September 2002, all Power Rangers shows have aired on various Disney-owned networks (ABC Kids, Toon Disney and Jetix channels worldwide).	0
Irfan Pathan was awarded the Man of the Match for his spell, which included 3 wickets for 16 runs, including that of Man of the Series, Shahid Afridi.	0
2.13 October 2007Estadio Cuscatlán, San Salvador, El Salvador 1–02–2Friendly	0
He bribes Peter into going along with an influence peddling scheme.	0
There are more insects in the world than all other animals combined	1
A Martian year is equal 1 Earth year, 320 days, and 18.2 hours.	1
A kindle is the collective term for a group of kittens.	1
He began racing professionally in 1908.	0
Some types of livestock are: cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and chickens.	1
In “Part 1” of the Battlestar Galactica mini-series, there is a scene where Serenity, the ship from Firefly, can be seen flying through the sky.	1
2010Primetime Emmy AwardOutstanding Short-format Animated ProgramRobot Chicken for "Full-Assed Christmas Special" ("Dear Consumer")	0
The cattle were aged 18-24 months.	1
Housing co-operatives are uncommon in the UK, making up about 0.1% of housing stock.	0
He was a member of the Land Reform Union, where he met George Bernard Shaw in 1883, and part of team which in 1883 established a monthly periodical called the Christian Socialist, inspired by the Christian Socialist movement of 1848-52.	0
Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs!	1
Morongo Basin Transit Authority provides bus service in Yucca Valley, Joshua Tree and Twentynine Palms (including the Marine base).	0
It aired in the 1980s in the Boston area according to www.TVSeriesFinale.com.	0
"I Wanna Get High" - 2:56	0
The two main differences are in the way the tampon expands when in use; for example applicator tampons such as Tampax tampons and Natracare tampons will expand axially (increase in length), while OB, Natracare and Lil-lets digital tampons will expand radially (increase in diameter).	0
A recent expansion proposal has listed the following lines and were prompted to open to public by (or before) 2017.	0
This is most appropriate in situations where the sample is representative of the population in question.	0
The Number 29 is the tenth prime number.	1
In 1989, however, the Bergen based Fyllingen IL were promoted to the Norwegian Premier League for the first time.	0
In China, more than 4 million cats are eaten every year!	1
Ticciati is the first former music director of Glyndebourne on Tour to be named music director of the full Glyndebourne Opera company.	0
Turtles have existed for over 220 million years ago.	1
vaticinium ex eventuprophecy from the eventA prophecy made to look as though it was written before the events it describes, while in fact being written afterwards.	0
(The school had discontinued its football program in the early 1960s, but reinstated the sport in 2013, when it joined the Pioneer Football League.)	0
Regular daydreamers are often able to find successful creative ideas and solutions to complex problems.	1
The first parachute jump from plane was in 1918 over France	1
Bottle nosed whales can dive to a depth of 915 metres (3,000feet) in 2 minutes	1
It was revealed later that the institute had told the DB management as early as 1992 about its concerns about possible wheel-tire failure.	0
The number of reading rooms increased as the desire to read and study politics spread.	0
On June 29, 1998, the Sandiganbayan convicted her on charges that she had entered into an agreement disadvantageous to the government.	0
We would sit around Jackie's living room with Bobby Kennedy eat sandwiches, have some drinks and tell war stories.	0
She was the daughter of Íñigo López de Mendoza y Quiñones and Francisca Pacheco.	0
Jerry Springer was born in Highgate Tube station in London.	1
On the north side of the island are superb coral reefs.	0
Within just 10 hours of their birth, baby giraffes can run with their families without struggling.	1
We have hair in various places around our bodies, but the fastest-growing is facial hair – that’s why guys have to shave so often.	1
The Askew Tower (AT) and the Higher Education Complex (HEC) on Las Olas Boulevard.	0
The most expensive number ever sold was a mobile phone number, 666-6666, which was put up for auction and sold for $2.7 million!	1
After the end of his last manga, he created Soul Eater, still for Square Enix's Gangan magazine, which brought him worldwide success.	0
The Hale-Bopp comet was discovered in the year 1995 by Alan Hale from New Mexico and Thomas Bopp from Arizona, while it was passing just out of reach of Jupiter’s orbit.	1
This division continues to provoke controversy, and many people continue to call for reuniting the two regions.	0
Your mouth produces 1 litre of saliva a day	1
The basic reading activity involves students viewing a short subtitled presentation projected onscreen, while completing a response worksheet.	0
MySpace Records released the album within the United States as a standard CD and a limited-edition vinyl version with two bonus tracks not available in any other format.	0
St Johns Wood is the only station on the London Underground that doesn't contain any letters from the word "mackerel".	1
His perfect love song is Snow Patrol’s Chasing Cars.	1
He was awarded an honorary fellowship by the University of Wolverhampton in 2001.	0
As it turned out, not until a radio message was sent by Repulse an hour after the first Japanese attack were RAF aircraft dispatched.	0
She continued to seek to discover the means, "to more efficiently strip herself of self."	0
Hasty Pudding Theatricals: Man of the Year (1997)	0
The region is blanketed by dry and cold Arctic air masses for most of the year.	0
Gastly and its evolution Haunter are the lightest Pokémon in existence.	1
He once pulled a moonie to his head teacher.	1
He hails from Stockholm, in Sweden.	1
His wife Nataliya Obmochaeva is also a professional volleyball player in Russia.	0
The Jonah complex is the fear of success which prevents self-actualization.	1
"Folk Lore", a song by Hüsker Dü from their 1985 album New Day Rising	0
When it was brought center stage to the conservatory on July 11, it was four feet high.	0
It is a joint venture between Dow Jones, the Financial Times and Sanoma, the publishers of The Moscow Times.	0
Founder Chip Wilson has said that he was inspired to name the company "Lululemon" because of Japanese peoples' inability to pronounce the letter "L", and the extra effort they would have to make to pronounce the name would work as a marketing tool in that country.	0
In the games, Raichu has a base-stat total of 475, sharing this total with 13 other Pokémon including Golem, Rhydon and Spiritomb – made infamous by Sinnoh’s champion Cynthia.	1
Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.	1
Northern Hemisphere tropical lands not in a NWFZ	0
In the wild, they will often fight each other over mating rights and their herds of cows and will use their horns to gore each other.	0
Torrile is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about north of Parma.	0
Intelligent Decision System, A software package for supporting multiple criteria decision analysis under various types of uncertainty	0
This conformational flexibility indicates an equilibrium may exist within the complex between a P14 P15 reactive site loop inserted antithrombin conformation and a P14 P15 reactive site loop expelled conformation.	0
The experience of the failure to contain the British attacks at Ypres and the drastic reduction in areas of the western front which could be considered "quiet", after the tank and artillery surprise at Cambrai, left the German with little choice but to return to a strategy of decisive victory in 1918.	0
Ancient Egyptian cat owners would shave off their eyebrows when mourning for their dead kitties.	1
The school offered high standard academic programs for students between the ages of 11 and 18.	0
Whilst filming for Comic Relief in Ghana, Zayn broke down in tears.	1
The word “robot” comes from the Slavic word for “slave labor.” and was first used in a 1920 play.	1
An average cow has more than 40,000 jaw movements per day.	1
These problems were well understood within the industry; the IATA released a set of "design imperatives" for an SST that were essentially impossible to meet—the release was a warning to promoters of the SST within the industry.	0
Further east, the tornado weakened to EF3 strength as it destroyed six industrial buildings and damaged two others.	0
He appeared before the camera in the episode about the Lancaster bomber.	0
Farfetch’d is the only non-glitch Pokémon with an apostrophe in its name.	1
Canada and the United States conduct a joint annual assessment of the eastern Georges Bank haddock stock.	1
In 1989, during a lunch with Toby Esterhase, Ned learns that Esterhase and Peter Guillam were in Moscow as a part of an intelligence delegation.	0
Different versions exist for different countries.	0
She is most well-known for her part on the film Camp Rock, as Mitchie Torres.	1
The quartet subsequently achieved significant success in Italy with the release of Pawn Hearts in 1971.	0
She continued, “A lot of times there are things we can do to prevent accidents just by knowing a cow’s natural behavior.”	0
An anarchist at heart, he rejected organized regatta and racing - Not unlike Bernard Moitessier, the famous ocean vagabond - and wrote a biting satire of yachtsmen, sponsors and yacht clubs, in his erotic-nautical novel Le navigateur published at the peak of Eric Tabarly's success.	0
A study suggests that keeping cats can increase chances of developing mental illnesses, and cause suicidal behavior in females.	1
However later in September they had a successful private test using the no.	0
Nykänen became the second Olympic gold medalist after Tapio Rautavaara to be awarded a golden record in Finland.	0
There are 2 credit cards for every person in the US	1
Despite being from one of the traditional three large Dutch cities, it has not been able to match AFC Ajax, Feyenoord or PSV in terms of success in the Eredivisie or in European competition.	0
Hunter-gatherers have far more leisure time than farmers do, and more still than modern people in the industrialized world.	1
Europa, Jupiter’s moon is completely covered with ice!	1
In 1912, Gyumri was home to the first opera show ever staged in Armenia.	0
His character Leonard, is an experimental physicist with an IQ of 173.	1
Two haters bought backstage passes to tell Justin that his parents divorce was his fault.	1
"I&apos;ll Be Your Baby Tonight" (Bob Dylan)	0
In 2003, the trio released an independent album titled Runispokets-N-Dumpemindariva, under Ren-A-Sance Entertainment and F.B.C.	0
Parineeta – Sonu Nigam for Piyu Bole	0
Pro Vercelli 1892 on 9 August 2012.	0
The War of the Rising Sun and the Tumbling Bear—A Military History of the Russo-Japanese War 1904–5, London, ISBN 0-415-00906-5.	0
Bert Flatley, English soccer player and manager	0
This is the basic design still in use with bagged charge artillery.	0
Only his sister Indiana and Marcus survived to adulthood.	0
The Pink Lotus is the National Flower of India.	1
In March 1942, the German authorities in charge of the Riga ghetto and the nearby Jungfernhof concentration camp murdered about 3,740 German, Austrian, and Czech Jews who had been deported to Latvia.	0
He entered the order of the Knights of Malta, so that he could follow the career of arms without sacrificing the revenues of a benefice he had received in Lorraine from King Stanislas.	0
He is married to Ms Blandine Favre-Gilly (attorney at law) and has three children: Paul, Adrien and Marie.	0
Famous Parsonalities from Kitale, Wamalwa Kijana - Former Vice President of Kenya, Patrick Shim, Sammy Sholei - Player and currently Football Kenya Federation Senior.	0
In response to the situation, many fans tweeted their annoyance by calling Taylor ‘fake’, while others were also shocked at the way Jacob had responded to his fan.	1
Gabe Gloden of Stylus Magazine later wrote, "From my perspective in the Midwest, the market was dominated by West Coast hip hop, and these albums didn’t make much of a dent in West Coast sales, but with time, these albums filtered their way into everyone’s collections."	0
This is why the Lotus is not seen blossoming in the winter.	0
Many the members of both the New Baath Party and the JRTN are former officials and soldiers who served under Saddam Hussein.	0
William then forced Harold to swear to support his claim to the throne, only revealing after the event that the box on which Harold had made his oath contained holy relics, making the promise especially binding.	0
The earliest game can be traced back to 1903.	1
The park was declared on January 22, 1954 as National Park which was one of the first in Spain (specifically the third).	0
Dennis Wheatley, in his memoirs, commented that he felt James had been treated "shabbily" for his efforts.	0
The 2013 Clausura was the first tournament of the season.	0
The racial makeup of the county was 59.93% White, 38.65% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.28% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.25% from other races, and 0.55% from two or more races.	0
Richard Corliss of Time magazine considered McConaughey's portrayal to be a "bold, drastic and utterly persuasive inhabiting of a doomed fighter", remarking that "if the camera occasionally suffers a fashionable case of the jitters, the movie transcends its agitated verismo to impart dramatic and behavioral truth".	0
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your back pocket.	1
Britt always makes fun of me about how I'm always in my chair listening to music".	0
Adult leopards are solitary and territorial and will only associate long enough to mate.	1
First pressing DVD included "Best Friend"：Nippon Television program POWER PLAY	0
She used to have a YouTube show with her friend Selena called “The Demi and Selena Show”.	1
You burn more calories than you consume when you eat celery.	1
Analysis of the debris showed that the station had not disintegrated until 10 miles above the Earth, much lower than expected.	0
Also in April 2009, Kidjo performed at Africa Day in The Hague, Netherlands, showing her commitment to poverty reduction and supporting the work of the Evert Vermeer Foundation and SNV Netherlands Development Organisation.	0
Mosquitoes dislike citronella because it irritates their feet	1
The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympic Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.	1
Hawaii‘s state flag is the only US state flag to feature the Union Jack upon it.	1
Calvary, the place of a skull	0
It premiered in Vienna on 28 February 1924 at the Theater an der Wien.	0
Cameron, along with Nash &amp; Hayes Grier, have their own fashion line called United XXVI.	1
The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster, is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.	1
The My Little Pony 2007–2008 Collector's Inventory by Summer Hayes	0
SandFlea is a small robot capable of jumping 30 feet (8 m) straight up.	0
She was born on 27th March in 1988.	1
He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire in the United Kingdom where he also grew up.	1
He also stated that the Soviet Union's refusal to reject Palmiro Togliatti's theory of polycentrism encouraged the various pro-Soviet communist parties to moderate their views in order to join cabinets, which in turn forced them to abandon Marxism-Leninism as their leading ideology.	0
The intersection of Michigan Avenue and 35th Street is home to two important local institutions.	0
The well-being gained through commodities stems from the price-quality relations of the commodities.	0
The books are classed as adventure, science-fiction and young adult.	1
In 2008, he was ranked at number 63 in Time’s 100 Olympic Athletes To Watch.	1
There were 28 (or 6.6%) people who lived in single parent home, while there are 3 persons who were adult children living with one or both parents, 2 who lived in a household made up of unrelated persons, and 10 who are either institutionalized or live in another type of collective housing.	0
She is a mentor on the BBC’s The Voice UK.	1
In the tension-filled performance in Ivory Coast's commercial city of Abidjan, Werrason and JB Mpiana could not even share a stage leading to the band doing two-part performances with Werrason and JB Mpiana leading each separate session.	0
In some CVS stores, of all the hair care items vended there, only those marketed to African-Americans were tagged with anti-theft devices.	1
Two years after her mid-life crisis, Becky started honing her rap skills at only age 11.	1
The Italian colonial governments in the territories listed above modelled the various zaptié constabulary forces on Italy's own carabinieri.	0
Justin Xiang Allard is exiled from the and makes his way to Solaris VII where he pledges himself to the service of the .	0
Jorge Olivares 30, Protagonistas de la Fama contestant	0
Shows entitled Young Americans and Eurovision introduce artists including John Currin, Andreas Gursky, Charles Ray, Richard Prince, Rineke Dijkstra, Lisa Yuskavage and Elizabeth Peyton.	0
Other changes over the Tekken 4 design included the removal of the positional change techniques (throws were once again controlled by combinations of LP+LK or RP+RK instead of designating LP+LK as a position switch maneuver; only Steve Fox was given a position change attack), bringing back traditional air combat (Tekken 4 removed back and vertical leaps in favor of a more fluid 3D combat model) and using a juggle system more akin to Tekken 3 as opposed to the 4th game's less juggle-friendly gameplay.	0
Saturn is named after the Roman god of agriculture.	1
The Ancient Greeks believed that one fell asleep when the brain filled with blood and awakened once it drained back.	1
His favourite album is either one of Nickelback’s or Dragonforce’s.	1
The people fled to the mountains where they suffered from privations, hunger and diseases.	0
Francis Galton, the inventor of modern fingerprinting methods, had many other notable ideas: the weather map, the phrase “nature vs. nurture,” and the silent dog whistle!	1
After his contract expired at the end of the 2008–09 NBA season, the Timberwolves' management decided not to re-sign him.	0
Westland Tai Poutini National Park : (1,175 km², established 1960) Extends from the highest peaks of the Southern Alps to a wild remote coastline.	0
Justin was teased in school because of his height – he is now 5ft 7 (1.75m).	1
The push into the Andes was made under President Eloy Alfaro who planned to link Quito in the highlands to Guayaquil on the coast of Ecuador.	0
There has been little change to the borders of Jiangxi since.	0
On 29th November 2013, ‘Can We Dance’ was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry for selling over 200,000 copies!	1
Tip: If you ever want to call a family meeting, just turn off the WiFi router and wait in the room in which its located	1
The same year, around two million people visited the Coca-Cola website to find out where the truck would be stopping.	1
The site should be sunny (south- or west-facing slopes are best), well drained, and lime-free (although occasionally a seedling will establish itself on a shell midden).	0
Here, Myotis alcathoe is usually found in stands of plane or alder trees next to small streams in ravines.	0
Liberty Heights (northern neighborhood of Springfield that features three large hospitals)	0
Emerald hill zone is the place where Sonic grew up.	1
The UK DVD was released 5th December 2011.	1
Determiners and quantifiers play a central role in Basque noun phrase structure.	0
Paul Bunyan, a mythical lumberjack in American folklore	0
Peake taught part-time at the Central School of Art, began his comic novel Mr Pye, and renewed his interest in theatre.	0
The following are the handball events of the year 2012 throughout the world.	0
George Clooney did the voice for ‘Sparky’ – a gay dog in South Park.	1
He prefers a shower over a bath.	1
Bi-weekly has two different definitions: Twice a week, or once every two weeks.	1
Leopards are super-fast and they can run at speeds of up to 36 miles (58km) per hour.	1
He began working as an amateur photographer in 1961.	0
His cousin Giacomo D’Alì is a counsellor of the Banca Commerciale Italiana (Comit) in Milan, which acquired the Banca Sicula in 1991.	0
Even after extinction, the Dodo is still the national animal of Mauritius.	1
Naar Rimkalkene Heves is a demo released on September 1, 1999 by Valgalder Records.	0
Screw Breaker Gōshin Dorirurero (Drill Dozer)	0
John F. Kennedy: Before being elected President, JFK won the Pulitzer Prize for his book, “Profiles in Courage.”	1
Bart is voiced by Nancy Cartwright – yes, a woman.	1
An all-white variety, Amanita subjunquillea var.	0
In May 2016, Burger King opened a spa in one of it’s restaurants in Helsinki, Finland!	1
^ Block, Eric (2010).	0
3rd Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment (The Governor General&apos;s Horse Guards)	0
Solar winds can be responsible for several different inconveniences experienced by mankind such as radio interference, as well as the way they often alter the trajectory of spacecraft.	1
The Pink Lotus is the National Flower of India.	1
The kinglet is migratory, and its range extends from northwest Canada and Alaska south to Mexico.	0
Secrets from the Lake, released 2008	0
On 26th July 2012, Joey Essex was attacked and robbed by two men pretending to be fans of TOWIE, the attackers pulled out a knife on him and stole his £10,000 Rolex watch.	1
Comparative anatomy of three species of the apophyllous genus Gymnophyton.	0
The club was officially instituted in 1907, but the game of rugby was played in the Royal and Ancient Burgh of Selkirk long before this date.	0
In 3D computer graphics, vectorized surface representations are most common (bitmaps can be used for special purposes such as surface texturing, height-field data and bump mapping).	0
The Oxford encyclopedia of Latinos and Latinas in the United States Volume 2, Page 301 states: "A new style of Latina and Latino hip-hop was created in Miami and Texas by the bass rappers DJ Laz and Jonny Z, who mixed Latin styles with bass music."	0
Of the water in the municipality, 0.6% is in lakes and 3.6% is in rivers and streams.	0
In the US, the Group was investing US$36 million in Idaho to increase cheese production by 30 per cent and dairy-based food ingredients production by 22 per cent.	0
engine and the whirring of a propeller turning several hundred times a minute, the rush of the cool salt air and the shimmering sunlight on Tampa Bay &mdash; no trip could be more enjoyable.	0
Before this, he had published several works on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes and its consequences, but his literary capacity was mediocre, his style stiff and cold, and it was his personal character rather than his reputation as a writer that earned him the confidence of the elector.	0
People who play video games are more likely to be lucid dreamers (have control over their actions in dreams) than those who don't.	1
The music style of Streets of Rage 3 has a different feel to that of the first two games.	0
Britney Spears wrote “Talkin’ That” for Cher.	1
Trengingigan is voiced by Riccardo Rovatti (Italian).	0
Giant pandas are omnivorous, they eat both bamboo as well as small animals and fishes!	1
Eight days before the novel’s publication, Stoker released the stage play, which he had also written, at the Lyceum Theatre.	1
There are six ESP models that he actually uses (custom shop models are mostly seen in Japan)	0
Uroš I, the son of Vukan, ruled Serbia when the Byzantines invaded Duklja, and Rascia would be next in line, but with diplomatic ties with the Kingdom of Hungary, Serbia retained its independence.	0
List was found guilty of first degree murder and sentenced in 1990 to five consecutive terms of life imprisonment.	0
Jones decided that Everett was not a good fit for him and was expected to attend the University of North Dakota.	0
The words 'racecar' and 'kayak' are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left.	1
The Lotus stem is eaten almost in all parts of India, and pickled too.	1
Reus : Òmnium Cultural Baix Camp, 1989)	0
There are 12 hours in face of analogue clock.	1
The building, constructed in 1927, is currently a museum.	0
In 1850, Amos Short traced over the claim of Williamson and named the town Columbia City.	0
BTS has certainly done their share of giving back – in 2017, each member donated KR₩10,000,000 (roughly 8,950 USD) to the families of the 2014 Sewol Ferry Disaster.	1
The most severe bombing took place on 6 September 1944, when roughly 80 percent of all houses in the town centre were destroyed.	0
Spain's General Franco lost a testicle in battle after an injury to the lower abdomen in 1916.	1
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the things you did do.	1
Coca-Cola even helped create the modern image of Santa!	1
Rio de Janeiro translates to river of January	1
The Four Quartets covers many of the same views, and Eliot's village is similar to Gray's hamlet.	0
OSSOM would own the land but the building would be constructed and rented by the Belgian government with rent deducted from its contribution to OSSOM's budget.	0
He also bought lands near the Sierra Nevada, and built an aqueduct in order to redirect several streams flowing from the mountains to his new lands.	0
is a manga by Osamu Tezuka.	0
In March 2006, she accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	1
In a rare cases a river could flow into the ground and dry up completely at the end of its course, without reaching another body of water.	0
Dean of Windsor; crowned Elizabeth I 15 January; deprived 26 June; died 31 December 1559.	0
This Spoiler reveals herself to Robin, trying to warn him that Violet led him to an ambush.	0
This established the basic design of the epaulette as it evolved through the 18th and 19th centuries.	0
Meanwhile Works by 25 Photographers in their 20s is completely bilingual, Japanese and English.	0
That’s not the only record he’s set – the most expensive painting ever sold was Picasso’s “Women of Algiers” piece which sold in 2015 for $179.3 million dollars!	1
"The Evil That Men Do" (Smith, Dickinson, Harris)	0
Sergeants of inferior rank act as assistant squad leaders in the other squads.	0
Yosemite bid for the 1932 winter Olympics – making them the only national park ever to do so.	1
Meanwhile, Jackson becomes suspicious of his mistress's lengthy recovery period and sends a private investigator to snoop about.	0
One frame of Gollum took around eight minutes to render, while one frame of Treebeard sometimes took up to 48 hours to render!	1
One of the most controversial toilet paper topics is whether the paper rolls over or under the holder, with a majority preferring over.	1
The report called on all parties within the industry to work together to find productive solutions, which included a movement toward open textbooks and other lower-cost digital solutions.	0
B87 Sicilian, Sozin with ...a6 and ...b5	0
In 2011, he played the role of Hank McCoy/ Beast in X-Men: First Class, where he won an IGN Award for Best Ensemble Cast.	1
Concurrent with college, he played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball with the Toronto Blue Jays and then was drafted in the National Basketball Association where he completed 14 seasons.	0
There are 7 points on the Statue of Liberty's crown	1
The work premiered May 26, 1990 at the Spoleto Music Festival in Charleston, SC.	0
Whatever the explanation, Savon never again achieved such dominating form.	0
Parts of Superman Returns was filmed in Sydney, Australia, and some minor landmarks in Sydney can be identified such as Martin Place, when Superman catches the car.	0
Director Vijaya Mehta's fil 'Pestonjee' (1988) also features Bhusawal.	0
Haliplus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Afro-tropical region, the Near East, the Nearctic and North Africa.	0
The 17th century Deir el Qamar Synagogue is also in the village, although closed to the public.	0
The local newspapers, the Winnipeg Free Press and Winnipeg Tribune, had lost the majority of their employees due to the strike and took a decidedly anti-strike stance.	0
He also becomes a host at the Channel Young, a Chinese TV Channel.	0
Zayn first appeared on X Factor as a solo artist.	1
They can measure up to 11ft, including tail.	1
In the meantime, Sultan al-Atrash, the most ambitious member of the al-Atrash family, sent a delegation to Beirut to inform the French High Commissioner, General Maurice Sarrail, that Captain Carbillet’s actions were antagonizing most of the Druze population.	0
Both Locke and his father were strangled to death.	1
Of the built up area, housing and buildings make up 3.0% and transportation infrastructure makes up 3.0%.	0
She died of cancer on the 12 December 1948, a year after the university appointment.	0
Joey Essex revealed that he doesn’t know how to blow his nose on I’m A Celebrity.	1
The central bank's interest rate was raised by 3% to 11.5% in October 2008, because of the crisis.	0
Connor has a pet hamster called Harry.	1
There has been a colossal amount of merchandising for the show.	1
This was something Soviet history would not recognize; instead Lenin would be portrayed as the wise general of the upheaval from the start, and the Bolsheviks as the mass party of the working classes.	0
From 1925 until his death, he contributed to the libretti of many Broadway musicals.	0
Vasili Arkhipov, a Soviet Navy officer, lived in the city until his death in 1998.	0
The first portrayal of Korolev in Soviet cinema was made in the 1972 film Taming of the Fire, in which Korolev was played by renowned Russian actor Kirill Lavrov.	0
Specifically, a Mario game (titled Hotel Mario), and three Legend of Zelda games were released: , and Zelda's Adventure.	0
The planet Uranus gets its name from “Uranos”, the ancient Greek deity of the sky, and grandfather of Zeus (Jupiter), father of Cronos (Saturn) and son of Gaia.	1
The bulls have a moderate hump and the rump is slightly rounded.	1
Jimmy Page (born 1944) spent much of his early life in Epsom.	0
King has been linked and associated with Jacqueline Kennedy and Ethel Kennedy, as the three all lost their husbands to assassinations.	0
Alan Code, "The Persistence of Aristotelian Matter," Philosophical Studies 29 (1976), 357-67.	0
When Nash first joined YouTube back in November 2013, he gained 100,000 new followers every week.	1
For instance (stress underlined): b a la > bal o n .	0
Cows can weigh 1,350 lb., and 85 lb.	0
He criticized George H. W. Bush for being out of touch with working class Americans.	0
Instant mashed potatoes (dehydrated potato flakes) were invented in Canadian in 1962	1
Yields of up to 80% of saleable	0
L 89, La Saulaie for baritone and orchestra (1896-1900)	0
Sandy Eisenberg Sasso was accepted without debate or subsequent controversy.	0
The babies are fed milk twice a day.	0
Young Lotus root can have a light purple or white skin; when mature, Lotus root has a brown-beige skin and its size can vary from short and squat to longer and narrow.	1
Ten days later Anna, Thomas, their newborn son and Glasscott arrived in Perth, where Thomas quickly found employment as a clerk in the colonial administration.	0
In December 1965 Jingle Bells was the first song broadcast in space from Gemini 6.	1
Edgar Hoover tried to keep Einstein out of the country only to be overruled by the U.S. State Department.	1
There were righteous people among them.	0
She has a brother named Jason Moore.	1
1993Mark Kratzmann Wally MasurTom Nijssen Cyril Suk4–6, 6–3, 6–4	0
At the age of 4, Bruno performed with his family’s band, The Love Notes, as an Elvis impersonator.	1
Ionic was sold later that year to the Aberdeen Line as a replacement for their , which had been lost in September 1899.	0
Along with the No.1 branch of the National Library of Ukraine (62 Vladimirska Street), which was designed by the same architects in the 1929-30, and the main (red) building of the university, the Maksymovych library forms an important and impressive architectural ensemble which is today considered to be one of Kiev's key collective architectural monuments.	0
The color brown in dreams is more than often your subconscious telling you, you should get back to your roots.	1
"Reproductive biology of the leopard".	0
An average cow has more than 40,000 jaw movements per day.	1
It used to have a built-in 56k modem for connecting to the Internet and playing online.	1
As a congressman in 1997, Coburn protested NBC's plan to air the R-rated Academy Award-winning Holocaust drama Schindler&apos;s List during prime time.	0
Earthquakes in the city are very rare and very deep.	0
It is also spoken in Ulhasnagar near Mumbai which is the largest Sindhi enclave in India.	0
The nests of M. portoricensis are used by other Puerto Rican endemic birds such as the Puerto Rican Flycatcher (Myiarchus antillarum) and the Yellow-shouldered Blackbird (Agelaius xanthomus).	0
People using Chrome or Firefox at work instead of Safari or MS Internet Explorer are 15% less likely to be fired.	1
Retrieved 1 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
Winner: Kenneth Ferrie 276 (−12) PO	0
Pitcher correction and harmonization, new piano roll, new zoom control, song loop - replaces 'repeat marker', new make unique, auto PDC, run 64 bit or 32 bit plugins (bridged), reduce FL Studio memory demand, piano roll syncs playlist, new ASIO options and tracking.	0
Donkey Kong has had 5 developers in its day including Rare, Paon, Retro Studios, Namco and of course the heroes over at Nintendo.	1
The Drop, which refers, in part, to the "Deferred Retirement Option Plan" that was described in the 2008 novel The Brass Verdict., was published on November 28, 2011.	0
A real motel room, in The Tides Inn located in Port Townsend, was used for the film.	0
The Federation of Korean Industries, a consortium of chaebol, has taken a leading role in resisting changes.	0
Koffing was originally known as “Ny”, representing New York City’s polluted air.	1
"Here Before" also featured in the soundtrack for the 2008 BBC production Heist, about a medieval burglary.	0
Nasir al-Din al-Tusi (1201–1274), in his Al-risala al-shafiya'an al-shakk fi'l-khutut al-mutawaziya (Discussion Which Removes Doubt about Parallel Lines) (1250), wrote detailed critiques of the parallel postulate and on Khayyám's attempted proof a century earlier.	0
The Arcadians believed she was the daughter of Demeter.	0
The battle in this confusing, heavily forested area claimed the lives of 24,000 troops plus 9,000 non-battle casualties.	0
He became Maréchal de camp (1823).	0
Grevillea concinna (Red Combs or Elegant Grevillea) is a shrub which is endemic to Western Australia.	0
In 1969, the National League split into East and West divisions.	0
Although this may give more credit to a version arguing for a Berber origin of the word, all these guesses and hints needs further investigations.	0
It takes 4 seconds for a silence to become awkward!	1
The file format changed to another proprietary binary format with extension CAP.	0
The book has also incorporated specimens of Bodo folktales, rhymes and grammars.	0
After coming off the Ark, God showed a rainbow as a sign of his covenant (promise) for all mankind that he would never flood the Earth like that again.	1
Bernardo Baró, a Cuban baseball player	0
Your left lung is smaller than your right lung to make room for your heart !	1
Skinner contends that he never agreed with the decision by Comer.	0
Lately, Brazilians in general have had some exposure to European speech, through TV, and movies.	0
Ledyard is located at (43.421009, -94.160446).	0
The black &amp; white striped pattern of their coats is a good bug repellant, keeping horseflies and other blood-suckers at bay.	1
She has been married twice, first to French actor Sebastian Roche, and then to Deadsy keyboardist Renn Hawkey, who she’s still with now.	1
The meridian 149° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.	0
A shepherd named Smith thought that he had found gold near the Ovens River in 1844, and reported the matter to Charles La Trobe, who advised him to say nothing about it.	0
- Mark Evans, Mark Free, & Greg Welchel	0
There is a Japanese villaige called Nagoro which has 35 inhabitants, but over 350 scarecrows!	1
The Tesla Model S P85D uses wireless software updates to receive crucial information and updates from Tesla experts, some with the capability to increase performance such as an algorithm alteration in 2015.	1
It is a necrotrophic parasite on weakened birches, and will cause brown rot and eventually death, being one of the most common fungi visible on dead birches.	0
The 747-400ER included the option of one or two additional 3,240 US gallon body fuel tanks in the forward cargo hold.	0
Mongolian people put salt in their tea.	1
They are being built in the Spanish factory of Navantia in Ferrol and are named after Admiral Álvaro de Bazán.	0
Santo Domingo District, district in Morropon Province, Piura region	0
When it was re-released (release 7), the product was again branded with the Autodesk logo, and the short name was again changed to "3ds Max" (upper and lower case), while the formal product name became the current "Autodesk 3ds Max".	0
JB has one brother called Neequaye Gill.	1
Nidorina are common in the Kanto region, but rare in Sinnoh.	1
James Kelley writes, for The New York Times Book Review, "The Bad Seed scores a direct hit, either as exposition of a problem or as a work of art.	0
Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.	1
The holly inside a wreath actually represents Jesus’ Crown and the red berries represent his blood.	1
The leopards in Yemen are under particular pressure from hunting, persecution from local shepherds and capture for trade, threats that are thought to be the main contributors to the species' demise.	1
It is considered to be one of his finest works.	0
While this movement to split Suffolk County along economic lines (the Western portion is more suburban in character, while the Eastern portion is more rural) has a long history, it has not been active since 1998.	0
The British took her into service but never commissioned her; they then sold her in August 1784.	0
The Earth is struck by lightning 100 times per second – that’s 8.6 million times per day!	1
In Portugal, since 1977, and in Brazil, since 2002, a husband can also adopt his wife's surname.	0
Some large asteroids even have their own moon!	1
Lady Gaga costumes she wore during her Monster’s Ball tour left her $3 million in debt.	1
He was promoted to lieutenant and transferred to the 65th Territorial regiment on 6 March 1915.	0
This application can save large amounts of fuel on a long-duration mission by producing control moments without fuel expenditure.	0
The genus Pholiota is defined as mushrooms, with a glutinous	0
Electricity only came to Little Cayman in 1990, and most provisions arrive from Grand Cayman only once a week.	0
According to records, only 11 people have ever been born in Antarctica.	1
The novel is full of nonsensical rhymes.	1
Image:Lengua de Signos (Bonet, 1620) H, I, J.jpg|H, I, L.	0
Breathing the air in Mumbai, India for one day is the equivalent of smoking 2.5 packs of cigarettes.	1
The Golden Gourami has something called a labyrinth organ that absorbs and sends oxygen directly into the bloodstream.	1
In the Dharmaranya, he settled at a village Modherak and performed a yagna there.	0
"Violent Visions" (with Max Fiumara, in #600, 2009)	0
Lotus signed German Formula Three champion Richie Stanaway and runner-up Marco Sørensen to drive their cars in 2012.	0
If we got an idea, we just made it, for over twenty years.	0
Dr. Beyene Petros announced in February 2006 that the party would change its name from Ethiopian Social Democratic Federal Party to the Ethiopian Social Democratic Party, emphasizing its connections with the European Social Democratic movement.	0
One of the earliest was led by American explorer George Miller Dyott in 1927; he claimed to have found evidence of Fawcett's death at the hands of the Aloique Indians, but the strength of his story soon began to unravel.	0
He won the pole in his first race on the Streets of St. Petersburg and took a flag-to-flag victory, duplicating his Star Mazda feat from two years before by winning on debut.	0
The Pink Panther Laugh and a Half Hour and a Half Show was an attempt by DFE to revamp the traditional format of three entries airing in a 30-minute format.	0
The Gold Diggers and Other Stories (London: John Calder, 1965; New York: Scribners, 1965)	0
Along with Brad and James, Tristan has also modelled for Saint Kidd.	1
The tail is black and white with a distinct crest.	0
The Castle is currently not in use, but the Preston Castle Foundation is working to help it.	0
It has also won the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation's Industry Award in 2009 for best comedy manga.	0
In 2010 with Chattanooga he had a 2.33 ERA in 28 games, despite missing a portion of the season due to injury.	0
What was Eureka?On Sunday, 3 December, 1854, military and police attacked a rude stockade erected by disgruntled miners on the Eureka Lead at Ballarat.	0
Bowie Kuhn – former commissioner of MLB	0
In Sicily, his father's half-brother Manfred continued as regent, but began to develop plans to usurp the kingship.	0
In real life he was promoted to Commander; in fiction he is still a lieutenant in 1811, but wanting to be the captain.	0
Small pockets of air inside cranberries cause them to bounce and float in water!	1
The flying of a kite is illegal under a 1934 law, which classes kites as an aircraft – unless given police authority.	1
At her regular school, she was on the dance team as well as the field hockey team.	1
Eating a banana can help to form a lining which prevents heartburn from getting worse.	1
Josh starred in the West End musical Chitty Chitty Bang Bang when he was 14.	1
There are more than 400 billion LEGO blocks in the world, or 75 for every person on earth.	1
A selfie orchestrated by 86th Academy Awards host Ellen DeGeneres during the March 2, 2014 broadcast is the most retweeted image ever.	0
He is a huge supporter of The Trevor Project, a charitable organization which helps prevent the suicide of LGBTQ teens and young people.	1
Coggan was born in Highgate, London, England.	0
The most distinct breed in Europe is the Spanish Black.	1
He was intrigued by employees who knew more about certain subjects than their bosses or colleagues and yet had to cooperate with others in a large organization.	0
He and his mother ultimately took refuge in Capo d&apos;Orlando, where he was reunited with Licy.	0
Some of these "fossil beaches" can be seen in the cliff faces of the more eroded northern coast.	0
He won two Odense International Film Festival Awards for Att döda ett barn in the Grand Prix and Press Award categories.	1
However, the film's star Jackie Chan and director Lau clashed over the style of fighting, resulting in Lau leaving the set before the shooting of the final fight scene, which was then taken over by Chan.	0
Panthers are usually quiet, but they do communicate through vocalizations that have been described as chirps, peeps, whistles, purrs, moans, screams, growls, and hisses.	1
Each output of the MPS algorithm is a realization that represents a random field.	0
Braben is still the Chairman and majority shareholder of the company, whose recent projects have included "Dogs Life", Kinectimals, RollerCoaster Tycoon 3, games based on the Wallace &amp; Gromit franchise and the platformer LostWinds, "Kinect Disneyland Adventures" and "Coaster Crazy".	0
If you're always the one texting that individual first, there's a 90% chance that person isn't really interested in you.	1
The park is located approximately , by road northwest of Moroto, the largest town in the sub-region.	0
Seen from the east or west, Mount Mansfield looks like a human face laying horizontally, with peaks at the forehead, nose, lip, chin, and adam's apple.	1
Rosneft operates shipping (Arkhangelsknefteprodukt), pipeline and marketing companies.	0
With the advance of the French army under General Murat, Count Roger de Damas, in command of the Neapolitan troops, sent Colonel Micheroux to negotiate an armistice for one month.	0
The outline of the collapsed cavern roof can be clearly discerned from a distance.	0
Twitter and Tumblr are ranked highest among social media sites linked to Insomnia.	1
H Petzsch (1956) mentioned that puma/leopard hybrids had been obtained by artificial insemination.	1
plushasia.comDesigned by Tobias Wong, these pill cases are part of a total luxury line by Citizen Citizen.	0
The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of .	0
She once revealed that her most embarrassing moment on stage was when she performed a whole show with her zipper down!	1
There have been eight seasons to date.	1
Endemic and near-endemic fishes from other families include Glossogobius matanensis, Mugilogobius adeia, Nomorhamphus weberi and Oryzias matanensis.	0
Hawaii is moving toward Japan at a rate of about 4 inches per year.	1
Its eyes are located on the sides of its head and the spiracle is central and sheathed with a flap of skin.	0
Manas is said to have been buried in the Ala-Too mountains in Talas Province, in northwestern Kyrgyzstan.	0
The "Censored Eleven" is a group of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons that were withheld from syndication by United Artists (UA) in 1968.	0
At the 1896 event, silver was awarded to winners and bronze to runners-up, while at 1900 other prizes were given, not medals.	0
In February, he lost in the finals of the New Zealand F1 tournament to Konstantinos Economidis of Greece.	0
Luckily, Zaki was cast by Sobhy and had her first acting role in his play Bel Araby El Faseeh.	0
To die from Theobromine, a poisonous compound found in chocolate, an 12.5 stone (80 kg) human would have to eat around 12.5 lbs (5.7 kg) of unsweetened dark chocolate or 6.2 stone (40 kg) of milk chocolate.	1
He played 304 games for Everton, scoring 37 goals and won two Scottish caps.	0
Blurring, a form of trademark dilution	0
Favre's coaching career started in 1991, as U-14 assistant manager with FC Echallens.	0
Cheryl Smith, who later received greater recognition for her appearances in B movies and exploitation films, appeared in the lead female role of Kathy Farley.	0
The cost of college textbooks in the U.S. has risen faster than the cost of healthcare, house prices, and inflation.	1
Only half of Mercury has ever been seen!	1
During this recovery, the palm rotates so that the small finger enters the water first, allowing for the least amount of resistance, and the palms point outward.	0
The first place in the world to allow women to vote New Zealand	1
Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated hoofed animals.	0
That year he moved up in distance to the marathon.	0
He played for Wales at the 1958 FIFA World Cup in Sweden – the only time the nation has qualified for the competition.	0
On the Harmful Effects of Marihuana (2003)	0
Traditional Caymanian home at East End, Grand Cayman	0
Opus Dei is made up of several different types of faithful:	0
Can automatically switch the boot flag to whichever partition is being booted.	0
Local ZOO is using parts from this ceramic fence as wall around main entrance even today.	0
In 2008 Freddie starred alongside himself, playing the two Grace twins, Simon and Jared, in the film adaption of The Spiderwick Chronicles.	1
Cardozo scored two goals in the match which had a sellout crowd.	0
The Heroes Square in the centre of George Town, which commemorates Cayman Islands' war dead.	0
Archived from the original (PDF) on October 7, 2009.	0
Leopards can hear five times better that us humans.	0
Zebras cannot see the colour orange.	1
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.	0
Clefable is based on a fairy and pixie.	1
The spots on leopards are known as rosettes because they look so much like black roses.	1
It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.	1
Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette's substantial renovation.	0
The film, which ostensibly depicts a marriage crisis, was heavily criticized by party functionaries due to a perceived criticism of the socialist society.	0
On June 17, 1972, just six weeks after Gray took office at the FBI, five men broke into the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate hotel complex in Washington, D.C..	0
7 Section, was less fortunate, driving into a Japanese roadblock by chance.	0
The club confirmed he would leave at the scheduled end of the loan on 31 December 2011.	0
In 2000, Homer and his family were awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	1
Their wealth and influence initially derived from the textile trade guided by the guild of the Arte della Lana.	0
Louis wants to have children when he is older and would prefer to have a son.	1
Jared never had a pink Mohawk – it was pomegranate!	1
Rui Nova (m & l), Noé Gavina (m)	0
Published for the benefit of the Old South Fund: 1890.	0
Rosan Girard (born October 16, 1913, in Le Moule, Guadeloupe, and died June 5, 2001) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1946 to 1958.	0
The government reversed the fuel price rise following the protest.	0
Initially without words, Arab words were written by an unknown poet and French words adapted to the melody of the hymn.	0
The whip says, 'but you must pay for'".	0
The average person spends a total of two years talking on the phone during their lifetime.	1
Coca Cola was founded by Joseph A Biedenharn	1
“Keep ’em flying” was a slogan in World War 2, it was also the battle cry of Wonder Woman!	1
Other than humans, no species prey upon fully grown cougars in the wild.	1
“Finger Lickin’ Good” had a bit of a mishap when translated to Chinese for their first KFC outlets in the country, the famous phrase became “eat your fingers off”.	1
He also appears in an online spoof trailer for a hoax movie called "Ice Fortress".	0
The knowledge base is automatically updated with the results of the successive steps.	0
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than air	1
It is important to keep the cows healthy and happy so they may live long and productive lives.	1
His was the pitcher on his basketball team, which probably explains his great technique at throwing Pokéballs.	1
After getting lost on a train when he was 5, Indian Saroo Munshi Khan found his way back home 26 years later using Google Earth.	1
1 week of 100% Government-Paid Paternity Leave for fathers.	0
Your sneezes can travel at speed of 160 km/h: faster than a train!	1
On 17 June 1893 alluvial gold was found near Mount Charlotte, less than 25 miles (40 km) from Coolgardie, at what became the town of Hannan	1
Mountain Lions Prey A Mountain Lion hunts at dawn and dusk.	1
According to historian Peter Oliver, this was an arbitrary decision without basis in precedent or law.	0
The four sets of serious contenders for the first finders of gold on what became the Bendigo goldfield are, in no particular order:	0
Jigsaw Treemaps - based on the geometry of space-filling curves	0
Group Stage v. Isidro Metapán - 1:0, 2:3	0
Her first UK arena tour started on 12th March 2013.	1
In 1877 over 18,000 of the residents were Chinese miners.	0
Their single ‘Chasing the Sun’ appeared on Ice Age 4: Continental Drift.	1
Even though she started acting in the U.S. in early 2000, she didn’t receive her green card until 2004, which made accepting jobs difficult until then.	1
Arthur C. Clarke's reveals that Frank Poole, murdered by HAL 9000 in was cryopreserved by his exposure to space, and found and revived a thousand years later.	0
Don ( or Daun) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 km north of Trento.	0
Radcliffe identifies as Jewish, and his mother is Jewish too.	1
Delegation is allowed, but only in relation to databases.	0
They are also occasionally found in brackish and saline wetlands such as mangrove swamps, Juncus-dominated salt marsh and the wooded margins of coastal lagoons.	0
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites!	1
All leopards could be simply named Panthera pardus, the third word indicates the subspecies.	0
With the formation of the navy in 1886, Japan was divided into five each with a headquarters .	0
Anti-partisan operations in Belarus were in reality much more anti-civilian (against ethnic Belarusian peasants) military operations, on the territory of Belarus.	0
BTS put on their own variety show which they starred in called “Rookie King: Channel Bangtan.”	1
According to the ego (or cognitive) depletion theory of impulsivity, self-control refers to the capacity for altering one's own responses, especially to bring them into line with standards such as ideals, values, morals, and social expectations, and to support the pursuit of long-term goals.	0
His relationship with Maddie only lasted for about three months.	1
The 23rd element, Vanadium, has an insane melting point of 3470 °F (1910 °C).	1
The throne was designed with ornately carved arms that looked like the open mouths of lions.	0
While filming “Eenie Meenie” a Bentley was damaged, and it cost $50,000 to fix.	1
"Misfits", which featured on the b-side to "My Baby", was about homeless kids in the suburbs surrounding Sydney.	0
Seattle competes with rival MLS clubs Portland and Vancouver in the Cascadia Cup.	0
Busier stations were modernised; Bank and Shepherd's Bush stations received escalators in 1924, Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Circus in 1925 and Bond Street in 1926, which also received a new entrance designed by Charles Holden.	0
Trinity Cross, the highest national award in Trinidad and Tobago	0
In the summer of 2009, Drake travelled with his “America’s Most Wanted” tour but unfortunately tore a ligament in his knee in an accident on stage.	1
In 1794, during the Reign of Terror, it was put under sequestration.	0
Parish Church of the Immaculate Conception in Guiuan, Eastern Samar	0
Driver behavior can affect fuel economy; maneuvers such as sudden acceleration and heavy braking waste energy.	0
In 1926 Antonio Cavalieri Ducati and his three sons, Adriano, Marcello, and Bruno Cavalieri Ducati; founded Società Scientifica Radio Brevetti Ducati in Bologna to produce vacuum tubes, condensers and other radio components.	0
They are said to improve cleaning, improve the experience of bathing, and serve as a vehicle for cosmetic agents.	0
It’s such a large country, and with 91% of the surface area taken up with vegetation, it’s a very prosperous country too.	1
Aston appeared as an extra when he was 14, on stage with Micheal Jackson.	1
On his death there is an earthquake, the veil of the Temple is rent, and saints rise from their tombs.	0
Another advantage is that the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau link will also encourage more Macau and PRD residents to visit Hong Kong and shop there.	0
In early 2005, Jackson visited the parents in the Terri Schiavo case; he supported their unsuccessful bid to keep her alive.	0
The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office is one of the oldest and most respected hydrography organisations in the world, supplying the widest range of charts covering the globe to other countries, allied military organisations and the public.	0
Issoudun - Bourges, via Saint-Florent — 21 km	0
By this time the Iranian Shah, Mozzafar-al-Din was already in a secure position and had accepted proposals for creating a Majles (a National Consultative Assembly or parliament) which proved to be successful and gained the king much popularity.	0
The Eiffel Tower was inaugurated the same year Nintendo was founded and Adolf Hitler was born: 1889.	1
Appeals to the real that rely on analogy are common and, according to Perelman, are "typical to Plato, Plotinus, and all those who establish hierarchies within reality" (2001, p. 1399).	0
This species varies in shape, size, color, and pattern of scales.	0
Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.	1
45% of Americans don't know that the sun is a star	1
The lotus is featured in Asian art and is a major symbol in Buddhism and Hinduism and was showcased in ancient Egyptian architecture.	1
Google bought Motorola in 2011 for $12.5 billion and selling it after its surprise downturn for $2.5 billion.	1
In a survey done by the ADCA Science Committee, some	0
Later that same year, Shields appeared in controversial print and TV ads for Calvin Klein jeans.	0
"A case of cannibalism in leopards" (PDF).	0
The species overwinters in the larval stage.	0
Stewart Copeland – drums, percussion, backing vocals	0
The rise of nationalism in the 19th century brought opposition to this situation.	0
People of all castes and classes practiced it.	0
The first printed edition of it was issued at Augsburg, in 1558, by Achilles Gasser.	0
Mendes' dominant style was deliberate and composed; he made extensive use of static shots and slow pans and zooms to generate tension.	0
Going into the final, Clary posted the top times in the heats (1:56.24) and semifinals (1:54.71), but was not considered the favorite as Lochte was the defending Olympic and world champion.	0
According to the teachings of Buddhism, nothing in this world is permanent, everything is only temporary.	1
They have been nominated for several awards, including MTV’s Brand New for 2015 and Best UK &amp; Ireland Act.	1
"He let me walk his dog Prince," she joked.	0
How these differences affect the operation of the	0
Both of his books were originally written in Sanskrit with 3000 sutra.	0
The soloist does not dominate the thematic material—in fact, after the opening, the pianist never has the theme in its original form.	0
The station's interval signal is La Marcha del 26 de Julio (The 26th of July March), written by Agustín Díaz Cartaya.	0
People who work at night tend to weigh more	1
MiG-25RB (s/n 25105) is in the restoration facility at the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton, Ohio.	0
In: Festkrift i anledning af Professor David Simonsens 70-aarige Fodestag.	0
99% of a Giant Panda’s diet is made up of branches, stems and leaves of the bamboo plant.	1
2006 Awarded Medal of Honor with Purple Ribbon from H.M.	0
While creating Space Invaders, Tomohiro Nishikado, was influenced by Breakout, Star Wars and The War of the Worlds.	1
Travis McCoy dated Katy on and off for years, they split up permanently in 2006.	1
Complaining online releases chemicals in your brain and body that help you counteract stress and feel better.	1
In 2012, the company established a partnership with Creative Nation, the Nashville based music management and publishing company owned by songwriter Luke Laird and his with Beth Laird.	0
2001, US, Millennium Books, ISBN 1-85798-951-1, paperback	0
The remaining three songs were on the third posthumous LP (and last produced by Kramer), War Heroes.	0
In 2003, popular footwear store Foot Locker ceased to stock Nike’s more expensive ranges as they believed the prices were too high.	1
Some shorts around this time, particularly Spook Spoofing (1928, one of only two three-reelers in the Our Gang canon) contained extended scenes of the gang tormenting and teasing Farina, scenes which helped spur the claims of racism which many other shorts did not warrant.	0
In the late 1980s an idea was conceived of building a replica of the Jeanie Johnston ship that sailed from Blennerville to North America during the 19th century.	0
File:Labyrinth-at-bla-jungfrun.JPG|Stone labyrinth on Blå Jungfrun (Blue Virgin) island, Sweden	0
Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.	1
Due to the cougars vast range, the cougar is known in different places by different names.	1
After greeting Victor Emmanuel in Teano with the title of King of Italy, Garibaldi entered Naples riding beside the king.	0
JobServe and Wilkin &amp; Sons (jam and marmalade) are in Tiptree.	0
The Hộ Khẩu is the family registration system in Vietnam.	0
1923 - Dev Anand, Indian actor, director, producer, and screenwriter (d. 2011)	0
For every 100 females there were 97.7 males.	0
Money is the number one thing that couples argue about	1
Crows generally stay with the same mate throughout their whole life, but they are not always entirely faithful- they sometimes mate with other crows.	1
28MF 1939-1955 301 League (4) Scottish Cup (2) 17	0
Nano particles of Fe 3 O 4 are used as contrast agents in MRI scanning Ferumoxytol is an intravenous Fe 3 O 4 preparation for treatment of anemia resulting from chronic kidney disease.	0
Sometimes, to remain silent is to lie, since silence can be interpreted as assent.	0
Aside from the role of PC in gluconeogenesis, PC serves an anaplerotic role (an enzyme catalyzed reaction that can replenish the supply of intermediates in the citric acid cycle) for the tricarboxylic acid cycle (essential to provide oxaloacetate), when intermediates are removed for different biosynthetic purposes.	0
Complementarity can be found between short nucleic acid stretches and a coding region or an transcribed gene, and results in base pairing.	0
It appeared on YouTube a day later and currently has in excess of 1,000,000 views, making it the most viewed Maccabees song on the website.	0
Gorillas can catch human colds and other illnesses.	1
In August 2016, due to battery malfunctions, Samsung recalled 2.5 million Note 7’s.	1
One Direction’s second single, ‘Gotta Be You’, was released on 13 November 2011, which made number 3 in the charts.	1
The war ended with the capitulation of Japan after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the US.	0
Daskalogiannis was a famous rebel leader.	0
Her parents are Keith Hudson and Mary Perry.	1
Vitamin B 6 (pyridoxine, pyridoxamine, or pyridoxal)	0
In Sorghum, the SbF3'H2 gene, encoding a flavonoid 3&apos;-hydroxylase, seems to be expressed in pathogen-specific 3-deoxyanthocyanidin phytoalexins synthesis, for example in Sorghum-Colletotrichum interactions.	0
Arachibutyrophobia is fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth	1
When Ellis was 21, he was accepted for enrollment at the Juilliard School’s Drama Division, where he first met Rutina Wesley, also known as Tara Thornton from True Blood.	1
Honda wanted to produce another no-expenses-spared race machine.	0
Minister of Immigration, Integration, National Identity and Solidary Development—see Minister of the Interior	0
The full Californian 1,100 mile long coastline is a national monument, ensuring constant conservation and guaranteeing there will not be new oil drilling within 12 nautical miles of the mainland.	1
Climate Action Partnership, an alliance of big business and environmental groups.	0
Hohes Kreuz is a municipality in the Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany.	0
He allowed two runs in eight innings and hit a home run against Brandon Backe on May 13, earning the win as the Giants defeated the Houston Astros 4-2.	0
The leader of the invading forces agreed to this however this meant that an election could not be held making Rock, as the current leader of Martine, the natural choice to become its territorial lord.	0
Continuing his research in Canada, he coined the terms alpha ray and beta ray in 1899 to describe the two distinct types of radiation.	0
Bruce Lee was born on November 27th 1940, he was also one of the first people to try contact lenses.	1
In March 2015, Time also named Nash as one of the top thirty most influential people on the internet.	1
The "Boo at the Zoo" event is a safe Halloween option that offers animal shows, live performances, and other fall-related activities.	0
Any inorganic material is excreted with the faeces, which consist almost entirely of a white powder with few hairs.	0
The episode Rixty Minutes was released before it aired on Adult Swim via 109 consecutive 15-second Instagram videos.	1
Weepinbell first appeared in the animé in The School of Hard Knocks.	1
Also, they would need to be consumed completely or almost completely to die.	0
bar:2001 at:1619 fontsize:XS text: 1619 shift:(-8,5)	0
They are rarely seen, but Yellowstone contains the perfect habitat for mountain lions.	0
In the manga's conclusion, Dōmoto's father is revealed to be a lawyer and it is implied that both Fujimoto and Dōmoto work at his firm.	0
C. S. Forester chose Indefatigable under Pellew as the ship on which his (fictional) hero Horatio Hornblower spent most of his time as a midshipman in the novel Mr. Midshipman Hornblower.	0
Paiforce was made up of the 8th and 10th Indian Infantry Divisions, 2nd Indian Armoured Brigade, 4th British Cavalry Brigade (later renamed 9th Armoured Brigade) and the 21st Indian Infantry Brigade.	0
After spending two unsuccessful years at Sunderland, Angeleri rejoined Estudiantes on 20 July 2012.	0
His first animated role was the lead Sinbad, in the Dreamworks film Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas.	1
The Phoenix magazine on 10 February 2012 has reported relations as "decended into fratricide yet again" and "open warfare".	0
The Earth’s revolution time increases .0001 seconds annually.	1
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.7% of the population.	0
The tour finished in United Arab Emirates.	0
The pathogenesis of this renal failure is the subject of many debates with direct toxic effect on tubules and glomerulus versus intraluminal hyperviscosity being some of the proposed mechanisms .	0
Image:KUKA robot for flat glas handling.jpg|Flat-glass handling, heavy duty robot with 500 kg payload	0
The watermelon contains over 91% water, this level is the same as that found in the human brain and this means the fruit is recognized as one of the best in the world for hydration.	1
He is 45 years old and was born on 14th September 1973, which makes his star sign Virgo.	1
I drive by it constantly, back and forth, back and forth."	0
During screenings people's reaction to the film was extreme, either they loved it or walked out in disgust.	0
Spiny lobsters usually exhibit the social habit of being together.	1
The Architect of the Capitol Charles Bulfinch built the Looby Asylum, Old Town Hall, and the Essex Bank Building in Salem which was all connected to the tunnels.	0
Her elder sister was the philosopher Gillian Rose.	0
Ashton Kutcher was Mila Kunis' first kiss.	1
On 20th December 2012, James Arthur got his first ever laptop.	1
A British army rifle platoon consists of 27 men and an officer.	1
Wife of the Heir Apparent's eldest son (The Duchess of Cambridge)	0
She is most well-known for her part as Penny on The Big Bang Theory, and Billie from the last season of Charmed.	1
On average, it takes 1.71 days for a swallowed LEGO head to make it though an adults digestive system.pic.twitter.com/BTlWjhtcsW	1
Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.	1
The ancient, narrow packhorse bridge at Milldale originally had no side walls so that horses with panniers could cross the bridge without being impeded.	0
He played the part of Andy Warhol in the film Basquiat in 1995.	1
A cinnamon chip scone at Starbucks has more calories than a McDonald’s quarter pounder.	1
In this tactic the horsemen rode around in circles, toward and away from the enemy, continually hurling javelins.	0
On November 16, 2001, Cartoon Network aired the 12-hour "Dexter Goes Global" marathon in 96 countries and 12 languages.	0
Due to deforestation, the animals are endangered, as their populations are decreasing.	1
Later, it's mentioned they're permitted to visit with each other, once a year- and it's implied Julia sneaks out to see her mother, in addition to doing so for her liaisons with Marcellus.	0
The altar-pieces of three side altars were painted by Lorenzo Franchi (1565–1632) and represent St. Anne - Our Lady of the Rosary and the Blessed Virgin Mary of Loreto.	0
Migrating birds and wintering birds often form small flocks.	0
Their most popular Vine series was Whenever This Song Comes On.	1
SS-553Kinnoffshore procurement of KNM Kinn (S316)	0
There is such an expansive collection of books under the British library in their archive, that if a person could read 5 books per day it would take the 80,000 years to complete.	1
During the "Trinity War" storyline, Pandora visits Lex Luthor in his jail cell as she tries to get him to open the box.	0
Nevertheless, this key points can be connected to the problem or issues in real life, which should be examined, with future solutions.	0
Radcliffe played Harry Potter for ten years, before finishing in 2011 with the release of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2.	1
The nomination committee will turn its attention to certain criteria:	0
There are many nicknames for California – The Golden State, The Land of Milk and Honey, The El Dorado State, and The Grape State.	1
Below is a screen capture from the most recent version of cfdisk immediately after start-up.	0
Image:Jeanne_d_Arc_Orleanide.jpg|Joan of Arc by Philippe-Alexandre Le Brun de Charmettes (L'Orleanide-1821)	0
The responsible bodies for operating and equipping fire departments are the German communities ("Gemeinden") and cities ("Städte").	0
They also both feed the young when they hatch.	0
The first camera-trap image of an Amur leopard in northeastern China was taken in 2010 in Hunchun National Nature Reserve located in the Changbai Mountains in Jilin and Heilongjiang Provinces.	0
| style="text-align:center;" scope="row" colspan="2"| Plate of the City of Lipari	0
Make sure children are inside before dusk and not outside before dawn.	0
She suffered from a stroke at the age of 18.	1
He was also accused of blasphemy, a serious offence at that time.	0
The Chicago River was referred to by the plant's indigenous name, according to explorer Robert Cavelier, sieur de La Salle, and by his comrade, the naturalist and diarist Henri Joutel.	0
IBM z10 and IBM z196, CPUs that implement IEEE 754-2008 decimal arithmetic fully in hardware	0
Characters on Optional PvP servers may only transfer to other Optional PvP servers.	0
Playing with puppies and kittens relieves stress and can help students perform better on exams.	1
Each person sheds 40lbs of skin in his or her lifetime!	1
In Memphis, Jones started in 75 games, averaging 11.8 points with 1.7 steals a game as the Grizzlies made the playoffs but were swept in the first round by the Dallas Mavericks.	0
In the Red, Blue and Yellow games, Pikachu couldn’t learn Thunderbolt naturally and had to be taught it through the TM.	1
In American supermarkets peanut butter is one of the most frequently purchased items	1
It is possible the effects of this can still be seen in traditional cuisine.	0
At the Jamaican national trials in June 2011, Steve Mullings had tested positive for the drug Furosemide, a masking agent.	0
The full name of the famous Chuck E. Cheese’s mouse is Charles Entertainment Cheese.	1
William Henry Harrison: Although he gave the longest inauguration speech of any president, William Henry Harrison died in office after serving just one month, the shortest term of any president.	1
He was born in Louisiana and grew up there too.	1
Chris Murrah - Theatre and film actor	0
Ed Sheeran auditioned for the ITV series Britannia High.	1
Scottish Premier League Player of the Month: February 2004	0
The record for the most consecutive push-ups is 10,507, set by Minoru Yoshida of Japan in October 1980.	1
Billy Bob Thornton—movie star who lived in Rialto when he first came to California.	0
"The Secrets of the Earth" – 6:18	0
Tilton sought to reinvent SimCity s music and not rehash the musical sensibilities of previous games.	0
As the reincarnation of Jamgon Kongtrul, Lodrö is entitled to be styled "rinpoche".	0
Granados composed the opera to a Spanish libretto by Fernando Periquet y Zuaznabar with melodies taken from his 1911 piano suite, which was also called Goyescas.	0
In 2009, Tom joined The Wanted.	1
Where the events depicted in this miniseries fit into Peter Quill's chronology has never been revealed.	0
Via the Internet Archive's copy of the History Channel Web site.	0
The first occurrence of French fries in America may have been at a diplomatic dinner hosted by Thomas Jefferson.	1
Some ducks can fly up to 332 miles in a single day!	1
E. E. Cummings receives a special citation from the National Book Award Committee in the United States for his Poems, 1923-1954.	0
Caribou is French, meaning ‘snow shoveller’.	1
In 2015, a U.K. supermarket employee discovered five bags of class A drugs when unpacking a box of South American bananas, with a possible street value of over £1,000,000 (around $1.4 million) at the time.	1
For instance, the language {xx | x is any binary string} can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine, but necessarily requires quadratic time in the model of single-tape Turing machines.	0
Moreover, Ieyasu valued her for her intelligence and sound advice and it is believed that he enjoyed her company and calm demeanor as well as their common background in Mikawa province.	0
A meteor struck an Indian bus driver and killing him in 2016.	1
Christian Kaufmann Heiner Stumpf Otto Stumpf	0
In this culture, bridal kidnapping (akomari) occurred before any formal attempts to arrange a marriage with a bride's family.	0
The U.S. has 71,862 tons of nuclear waste, which stays dangerous for tens of thousands of years.	1
A friend of pastor Marc Boegner, Barot was named Secretary General of Cimade during a meeting of the heads of young Protestant movements on August 15, 1940.	0
Goshen may also refer to the following, most named for the biblical locale:	0
The show is owned by Underdog Production and Fuzzy Door Productions.	1
Cow consumes 40 to 100 pounds of food per day and drinks 30 to 50 gallons of water.	1
Bob Dylan took his stage name from Welsh poet Dylan Thomas.	1
On April 28, 2014, CMLL announced that Averno had parted ways with the company.	0
when Tex's father, Tex Woods Sr. (Chuck Hicks) dies "mysteriously".	0
For more information on the geology of the Lake Pend Oreille see	0
Martin Hellman revealed that Energy Star standby mode requirement can be compromised when an electronic device uses Download Acquisition Mode (DAM) feature to update TV Guide listing during standby mode.	0
The War Against Sleep: The Philosophy of Gurdjieff (1980)	0
She also reveals that Sky is a weapon who will put an end to the war and as she says this the metal man walks in.	0
Contact us on our website or feel free to connect with us on social media.	0
There are twelve chapters in the novel.	1
As of May 2015, 2.3 Million Americans still subscribed to AOL Dial Up Internet.	1
Tom met Kelsey in a pub.	1
Jim is a big fan of American Idol, Lost and Grey’s Anatomy.	1
at Internet Broadway Database, credited as Alfred Alderdice	0
In 2001, he also "served" a 1-day contract with Montepaschi Siena, not appearing in any games.	0
Jedward are made up of identical twins, John and Edward.	1
She has two older siblings (Andrew and Katya).	1
Men have 10% more red blood cells than women	1
Year Age Slalom Giant slalom Super-GDownhillCombined	0
Ichthyophobia is the fear of fish	1
James Herbert was born 8th April, in 1943, and he died on 20th March, in 2013.	1
However, Fisher wakes up from his coma, still with blood shot eyes, revealing Archie has possessed him.	0
They were first made by the Egyptians to protect their wheat fields, especially along the Nile River.	1
The island is accessed by bridge from the south bank, and small boat ferries or government ferry on the north bank.	0
Spin considers that his "most booming moment" is on "Into the Light," from 1981's Juju: "Budgie drums up a marvel of kinetic syncopation and invention".	0
His favourite actor is Gary Oldman.	1
A list of board games with special dice	0
Close Encounter & After The Rain Bath	0
2006 4th Dutch Open Championship 85cc Big Wheels	0
Speusippus was a native of Athens, and the son of Eurymedon and Potone, a sister of Plato.	0
Ashton Irwin stuck up for Luke when he was being picked on, before they were even friends.	1
The Shikoku tends to shed its coat at least one to two times a year.	0
The most powerful relationship for a cow is that between a mother and baby.	1
It was authorized to conduct investigations in Palestine and wherever it might deem useful.	0
Seen from the east or west, Mount Mansfield looks like a human face laying horizontally, with peaks at the forehead, nose, lip, chin, and adam's apple.	1
The country suffered along with the rest of Northwestern Europe during a heat wave in the summer of 2006.	0
His eldest son William IV inherited the northern half and the capital of Kassel.	0
The University of Pisa is not organized in the form of one unique campus, but rather its many buildings are scattered throughout the whole Pisa area, especially in the city centre.	0
The Disneyland location in Anaheim is the only theme park directly supervised and built by Walt Disney.	1
The title refers to an Egyptian fellah, or peasant, but statue appears to be a copy of a Roman statue of Antinous, a favorite of the Emperor Hadrian, which was discovered in the excavation of Hadrian's villa in Tivoli in 1739.	0
Dairy cows consume approximately 3 gallons of water for every gallon of milk production and prefer to drink slightly warm water as opposed to cold ground water.	0
The area that eventually became Belzoni was originally known as "Greasy Row" because of saloons along the bank of the Yazoo River.	0
Thevenot is often confused with his nephew, the traveler Jean de Thevenot (born 1633; died 1667).	0
The last words of Winston Churchill – one of the most highly respected and feared leaders in WWII were “I’m bored with it all”.	1
The 1980–81 season proved to be a breakthrough for Ruotsalainen.	0
The Ottoman Empire's Sultan Ibrahim I had 280 of his concubines drowned in the ocean after one of them slept with another man.	1
Aside from typical sightseeing, you can also go skydiving, rafting, camping, and going on the skywalk – a glass bottom platform that extends over the canyon.	1
Calum went to Brazil in 2012 because he got picked to represent Australia in football; however he gave this up to pursue his music career.	1
Only two bytes are taken by every operating system access, in contrast to four or six when using regular jump instructions.	0
Fusidic acid is a bacteriostatic antibiotic that is often used topically in creams and eyedrops, but may also be given systemically as tablets or injections.	0
Toronto: McClelland and Stewart, 1999. p. 2277.	0
He organized resistance groups and trained many other guerrilla fighters.	0
Austin said that the most annoying thing his mother does is force him to drink water all the time.	1
Cougar’s tails average around 33 inches (83 cm) which helps keep them balanced.	1
To this day, Depp’s favourite characters to play have been Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood and Captain Jack Sparrow.	1
In Season 1996–97, they won the Third Division Championship following a 4–1 home win over Albion Rovers in front of nearly 3,000 fans.	0
The acquisition was completed in January 2009 and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2013, although certain Bank of America subsidiaries continue to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.	0
Jonas Hellborg, V. Selvaganesh, IA Eklundh, Jens Johansson: Art Metal (2008)	0
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear trousers!	1
In an attempt to rescue her, Oswald quickly starts a streak of surreal moves, including taking the cow's neck and bending it into a C-shape so when a bullet comes, it is shot back in the direction of the dark figures.	0
The first type of aspirin, painkiller and fever reducer came from the tree bark of a willow tree!	1
The changes made to DC's internal continuity are intended to make characters more modern and accessible.	0
He represents the constituency of Bertrand in the National Assembly.	0
Bold – Pole for Race One	0
He states the Three Laws of Robotics as,	0
Jim White, drums (Run to Ruin, On Leaving, You Follow Me)	0
With the main Austrian army north of the Alps defeated (another army under Archduke Charles manoeuvred inconclusively against André Masséna's French army in Italy), Napoleon occupied Vienna.	0
Although William spoke French and grew up in France, he was a descendent from Viking origins.	1
Of that length the carapace is and the abdomen is .	0
The birth order of the boys is clear, but no source gives the relative order of birth of the daughters.	0
As of October 2012, he has won 78 international caps and scored 32 goals.	1
Justin was signed to Island Records in 2008.	1
simple passwords - short in length, that use words found in dictionaries, or don't mix in different character types (numbers, punctuation, upper/lower case), or are otherwise easily guessable	0
In 2014, Princeton researches determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.	1
After Kanye interrupted Taylor Swift‘s acceptance speech at the VMAs in 2009, he left the country and visited Japan and Rome.	1
Clare Downham, " ", The Journal of Celtic Studies 4 (2004): 71–96.	0
Novartis fought a seven year, controversial battle to patent Gleevec in India, and took the case all the way to the Indian Supreme Court, where the patent application was finally rejected.	0
When this tropical fruit was discovered in America, the Europeans named them pineapples because of the resemblance to what we now known as pine cones.	1
Females become sexually mature at 5 years old.	1
After the destruction of the first church, the primitive village disappeared and the monks moved to settle on Mount Dauriac.	0
You burn about 200 Calories during 30 minutes of active sex.	1
Llamas, peacocks, and other exotic animals kept in the park provide amusement for tourists.	0
The Jewish Press, New York, April 12, 2007.	0
It is best known as the world headquarters for Bank of America.	0
Michael Brecht, Neuroscience (Bernstein Center for Computational Neuroscience Berlin)	0
Lady Gaga was once cited by Chicago cops for indecent exposure for wearing hot pants in public.	1
While keeping bulls for breeding isn’t as common of a practice as it used to be on dairy farms, they are still often used in the beef industry.	0
B. Priestley play Dangerous Corner, along with three other newcomers to the company.	0
U23 World Championship Time Trial, Lars Boom	0
She was Africa's first female transcontinental diva.	0
In 1973, IOB, Indian Bank and United Commercial Bank established United Asian Bank Berhad in Malaysia.	0
Burton was slated by critics for introducing too many villains into Batman Forever.	1
They inlcude Maleficent, who transforms into a dragon.	0
Unlike nearby Waterford and Duncannon, Dungarvan surrendered without a siege in the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland (1649–53).	0
Arguably it remains somewhat difficult to organize these concepts into a coherent theme as they belong more to the play's "nastroenie," its melancholic mood or atmosphere, than to a distinct program of ideas.	0
The Ypres salient followed the canal and then bulged eastward around the town of Ypres, Belgium.	0
Barcelona was Gustav Eiffel’s preferred location to build the 300 meter-tall tower, or Paris’ Eiffel Tower, for the 1888 Universal Exposition, but was dropped as it was thought to be too radical for Barcelona.	1
He lost the role to Frank Sinatra in the film adaptation.	0
Foundation saw the group regain their past success, critically and commercially.	0
There are around 65,000 Protestants of all sects in Moldova today.	0
Her other main divine epithet was "qaniyatu ʾilhm" (Ugaritic: 𐎖𐎐𐎊𐎚 𐎛𐎍𐎎 : qnyt ʾlm) which may be translated as "the creatrix of the Gods (Elohim)".	0
Four autonomous communities (Cantabria, Castile and León, La Rioja and Navarre) lack a public broadcasting network.	0
Oak trees don’t produce acorns until they are 50 years old!	1
Darren E. Burrows as Milton Hackett	0
The exact speed of light is 299,792,458 m/s !	1
More recently, earlier dates have been argued by scholars who have identified targets of the epistles' criticism among those also known to Ignatius and Polycarp, who died in the early 2nd century.	0
Later taken to USSR where the newly formed OKB-2 tested it in TsAGI wind tunnel.	0
Haunted (Fear Street), a 1990 novel in the Fear Street series by R.L.	0
At the outset of the 1987 meeting, the musician Roger Armstrong advised the reason why something needed to be done:	0
His agent set up a blind-date with Jennifer Anniston.	1
József Laszlovszky: A magyar címer története ("History of the Hungarian coat of arms"), Egyetemi Nyomda, Budapest, 1989, p. 39	0
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pepin County, Wisconsin	0
“The first demo tape that I ever did was with Beyonce,” reminisces Bryan.	0
"An Analysis of Mountain Lion Predation Upon Mule Deer and Elk in The Idaho Primitive Area" Wildlife Monographs.	0
The entire campus is also served by a wireless Internet network which all students, staff and faculty have access to, funded in part by mandatory student technology fees.	0
The median household income was $54,419, and the median family income was $62,532.	0
Heterozygous Lp/lp horses with less white patterning are described by the size of their "blanket" and the presence of spots: spotted blanket over loin and hips, for example.	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	1
Joséphine and Napoleon embrace at the bed.	0
There are 7 points on the Statue of Liberty's crown	1
The team finished thirteens out of fourteen teams and was relegated, Nevertheless, it is a strong performance when one considers that almost all other sides at this level are youth teams of professional clubs, like VfB Stuttgart and Bayern Munich.	0
The books follow the relationship of college graduate Anastasia Steele and business magnate Christian Grey.	1
Slowbro, a water/psychic Pokémon, is the evolved form of Slowpoke from level 37.	1
She later appeared on , and in 2006 starred in the short-lived The WB television series The Bedford Diaries.	0
He was also an excavator, dealer in antiquities and manufacturer of biscuit porcelain figurines.	0
(However, in 2006 Forte was acquired by Siemens.)	0
In the ensuing battle, the vampiresses, the Mummy, the Gill-man, and the Wolfman are killed.	0
Number 1 in Europe for tinned vegetables and number 2 in frozen vegetables.	0
The largest producers of coconuts are Indonesia, Philippines and India.	1
At the 1932 Winter Olympics, three figure skating events were contested.	0
The shifting displacements were perceivable at the two points where the center picture met the side pictures, resulting in what appeared to many viewers to be jittering vertical lines at one-third and two-thirds of the way across the screen as the two touching images constantly moved around relative to each other.	0
In a planned turn, Owen got upset by the loss and attacked Bret to restart the feud.	0
Com III, Photogrammetric computer vision PCV '06 Bonn, Germany 20 – 22 September 2006.	0
late 15th – early 16th century) A single work, a setting of Salve regina in the Eton Choirbook	0
He joined the Imperial German Army in 1908.	0
Tour de l&apos;Ain, Stage 5UCI Europe Tour Lélex-	0
The SkyMapper telescope was built to carry out the Southern Sky Survey, which will image the entire southern sky several times over in SkyMapper's six spectral filters over the course of five years.	0
1997 Highly Seasoned Cajun Music Coteau, Rounder Records	0
In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.	1
Visit the Queen Elizabeth II Botanic Park for a guided safari, and maybe you'll catch a glimpse of a few of these guys posing for your Instagram feed.	0
Alanna has quite a few strong romantic relationships throughout the series, including Prince Jonathan, George Cooper, and Liam Ironarm, the Shang (a martial arts society) Dragon.	0
Leggett was born in Ithaca, New York, but relocated to Geauga County, Ohio, with his parents when he was fifteen years old.	0
It seems to have been this work that set the seal of Zariski's discontent with the approach of the Italians to birational geometry.	0
Arrival is the fourth studio album by the Swedish pop group ABBA.	0
This belief gave rise to his often praised communistic views.	0
At the foot of Mahawahalkada steps there is a Sandakada pahana (moonstone) which is carved in Kandyan architectural style.	0
The Caspian lamprey is an anadromous fish which spends its adult life in the Caspian Sea and migrates up the Volga, Sura, and other rivers to spawn.	0
In 1930, Thesiger returned to Africa, having received a personal invitation from Emperor Haile Selassie to attend his coronation.	0
His best known work is Memoria regum et banorum regnorum Dalmatiae, Croatiae et Sclavoniae.	0
She plays right-handed, with a two-handed backhand.	0
Tonto Natural Bridge State Park, in the U.S. state of Arizona	0
Nishi-Honganji (One of two head temples of the Jodo Shinshu Buddhist sect)	0
Doug Harvey writes of 10 Comics That Shook The World in LA Weekly	0
Cameron Dallas won the Teen Choice Awards in 2014 &amp; 2015 for ‘Choice Web: Viner’.	1
In the game against UD Las Palmas on 4 January 1959, Puskás and Alfredo di Stéfano scored hat-tricks in a 10–1 win.	0
She worked at a lot of fast-food restaurants.	1
Trainor’s two acoustic albums entitled, “I’ll Sing With You” and “Only 17” were both released in 2011.	1
The arms De gueules aux deux léopards d'or, armés et lampassés d'azur, passant l'un sur l'autre (Gules two lions passant gardant in pale or armed and langued azure) was described by Jacques Meurgey in 1941.	0
There are: New Braunfels High School, Canyon High School, Alamo Colleges-Memorial Early College High School, John Paul II Catholic High School (Texas), and New Braunfels Christian Academy, the latter of the group being a K-12 institution.	0
The city of Heilbronn was not included into the district.	0
James’ parents split up when he was two years old, they both settled with a new partner.	1
During filming for Breaking Bad in Albuquerque, he would tweet out the number for a pay phone near the set and take calls from fans.	1
There are many conflicting explanations, as the sources all disagree, as to whether he well in battle fighting, was assassinated, or was the victim of friendly fire while marshaling his forces for battle against the Avars.	0
The "Three Generals Without an Army" of the new CLA — Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern — began conducting personal correspondence potential supporters.	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.The combined value of the cattle and beef industry is $200 billion.	1
Paul Savary (born November 2, 1982) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player.	0
[Source: Adrian Higgins, Washington Post, July 22, 2013]	0
On February 5, 2013, Saliva began recording a new album which would later be named “In It to Win It”.	0
The police forced him to close the magazine, but he started a left-leaning monthly, Névtelen Jegyző (Anonymous Chronicler), which published Reynolds's only collection of poetry, Első és utolsó lírai kötete (First and Last Book of Lyrics) (1932) before it too was closed down.	0
These teams compete across four divisions - State (Senior) One & Two, Veterans and Juniors.	0
Baby rabbits are collectively known as litter.	1
Their families traveled and summered together.	0
The tomb is located in a corner of a room situated on the ground floor remains of the former Hagia Zion an ancient house of worship; the upper floor of the same building has traditionally been viewed as the Cenacle of Jesus.	0
The different colors of lotus flowers also have different symbolic meanings.	0
However, what cougars have done to people is nothing compared to what people have done to cougars.	0
The Lebanese poet Saïd Akl proposed the use of the Latin alphabet but did not gain wide acceptance.	0
Nubia was a major source of copper as well as gold.	0
Also during the 1970s they attempted to begin work inside organized labor, but apparently were not very successful.	0
Le Cahier bleu (2005) (The Blue Notebook)	0
Season 1, Episode 3: In Your Dreams	0
Despite some talk of doing so, no bodies were established to replace the MCCs.	0
The human body naturally produces around a litre of mucus every day.	1
He played for Brescia youth system, and then made his debut with his boyhood team in the Serie A in 1965.	0
A male rabbit is known as a buck, whilst a female is called a doe.	1
With the death of this Indian culture and virtually ends the indigenous population.	0
Born in Dresden, Germany, Berger spent some years as a child in India and South America.	0
19th Century: Wherry (1 mast), Schooner (two masts), Clipper (3 masts).	0
The city had an early start in this area since it was a home port of the Dutch East India Company.	0
1972 (Women's events) Brandenburg, East Germany	0
Construction on the stadium was completed in 1997, at a total cost of approximately $28 million.	0
Jagr joins teammate Brendan Shanahan as a member of the 600 goal club this season.	0
U.S. Presidents George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, Martin van Buren, and Dwight Eisenhower all had red hair.	1
and later hosted While You Were Out after The Chair was cancelled.	0
Frogs can't swallow with their eyes open	1
A lobsters blood is colorless but when exposed to oxygen it turns blue	1
He talked of a fight with Joe Frazier, claiming, "It'd be like shooting fish in a barrel."	0
Despite this vote, this proposal made it into the final legislation when the House-Senate conference committee passed a strengthened version of the rule that included the language prepared by Senators Merkley and Levin.	0
In that game McMahon became the first quarterback in the history of the Super Bowl to rush for two touchdowns.	0
He was raised on a farm by his parents Abraham and Mona Simpson.	1
Qingcheng may refer to the following in China:	0
Her father was a renowned tap dancer.	1
In 2006, the band performed at the Royal Albert Hall on behalf of the Teenage Cancer Trust.	1
One claimant to the invention of the onion ring is the Pig Stand restaurant chain, founded in Oak Cliff, Texas, in the early 1920s.	0
They work their estates, invest their funds, lend and borrow.	0
Following the Seven Years&apos; War, several Acadian families returned to lands adjoining the reserve.	0
Jupiter is larger than 1,000 Earths!	1
To be considered a true xenolith, the included rock must be identifiably different from the rock in which it is enveloped; an included rock of similar type is called an autolith or a cognate inclusion.	0
Joseph-Émile Brunet designed twenty-four capitals (1948) for the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré, which depict 52 religious subjects reflecting the life of Jesus.	0
However, some of the "construction workers" were actually a detachment of Cuban Military Special Forces and combat engineers.	0
She recorded a song for President Obama but it was never released.	1
The module weight about 11MT and uses 45m³ space.	0
The Venetians, on making humble submission, were absolved at the beginning of 1510, and shortly afterward France was placed under papal interdict.	0
In the 14th century, it became a feudal holding of the Hungarian landlord.	0
The new Department enjoyed considerable autonomy within Moscow State University.	0
Spam and DoS attacks in anonymous networks	0
ComputerAndVideoGames.com gave the games a 9 of 10, and GameSpot gave the games 8.1 out of 10.	0
The headquarters are based in Washington County, Oregon, USA.	1
Eurema hecabe brevicostalis Butler, 1898 (Timer to Kai Island)	0
Los demonios personales de un escritor.	0
In July 2008, Dr. Negasso became a founding member of the Forum for Democratic Dialogue (FDD), a new coalition of opposition parties and activists.	0
British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors	0
The average British person owns 18 pairs of underwear, 17 pairs of socks, 14 t-shirts, three pairs of shorts and one suit.	1
In Japan, more paper is used to print comic books than to make toilet paper!	1
The Link option offers printing options to print a photo using the Game Boy Printer and Transfer feature which allows players to send and receive photos from a friend's Game Boy Camera by linking two Game Boys via Game Link Cable.	0
The Government usually resigns immediately after defeat in a general election, though this is not strictly required.	0
Grim ReaperThe anthropomorphic manifestation of death.	0
An average polar bear can travel more than 1,800 miles (2,896 kilometers) in a year migrating to follow a food supply.	1
In the episode "Home, Part II", Baltar undergoes a brain scan which reveals no sign of a computer chip.	0
There are 31,536,000 seconds in a year	1
Once nestlings are about 17 days old, they begin clinging to the cavity wall rather than lying on the floor.	0
It was the time of gigantism: thus it was for the second temple of Apollo at Didyma, situated twenty kilometers from Miletus in Ionia.	0
It was given in Paris in April 1865 and then occasionally up to about 1900.	0
Rather than bask in his new-found fame as leader of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis decided to live in a small guest house in the Vatican, rather than the traditional apartments in which previous leaders resided.	1
Moreover the counterculture audience MGM hoped to draw had shifted by then.	0
The first generally recognized 'wiki' application, WikiWikiWeb, was created by American computer programmer Ward Cunningham in 1994 and launched on c2.com in 1995.	0
Bulatović served as the president of Montenegro from 23 December 1990 until 15 January 1998.	0
A once great city now stands little in ruins.	0
He is the second player from a North African country to win the Ebony Shoe, after Mido.	0
The reign of Murad III was marked by exhausting wars on the empire's western and eastern fronts and Ottoman economic decline and institutional decay.	0
1955 (March 18–20)L'Hôtellerie du Bas-BréauBarbizon, Île-de-France	0
bar:1991 at:932 fontsize:XS text: 932 shift:(-8,5)	0
Meghan took guitar lessons with Johnny Spampinato from NRBQ.	1
Margaret of France (1347–1352), daughter of John II of France and Bonne of Bohemia	0
Mallatobuck (Also known as Malla) was the wife of Chewbacca.	1
James Bond is known as ‘Mr Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang' in Italy.	1
Meeting Idol to find what he was interested in presenting in the disk, his only concern was that the whole cyberpunk genre be represented as much as possible.	0
Produced by Hibiki Radio Station, the show was hosted by Haruka Tomatsu (the voice of Ichika Takatsuki) and Rina Hidaka (the voice of Rinon).	0
World number one, may and august	0
Their song ‘Gold Forever’ was a Comic Relief single.	1
She used to wait and clean tables at the Stratosphere’s 50’s style diner, ‘Roxy’s Diner’.	1
It is not possible to open a TCP/IP connection using the hostname localhost you must use 127.0.0.1 instead.	0
It is bordered to the north by Rendalen, to the east by Trysil, to the south by Elverum, to the southwest by Hamar and Ringsaker, and in the west by Stor-Elvdal.	0
To breed a Raichu, a Trainer must first hatch a Pichu, and to hatch a Pichu egg it takes between 5,355 – 5,609 in-game steps!	1
13 in C major, K. 415/387b	0
His hit single, Grenade was his 3rd single to hit number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 Charts!	1
The top five countries that use Instagram, in order of popularity, are the United States, Russia, Turkey, Brazil, and the United Kingdom.	1
Grand Touring Prototype, a race car category in IMSA GT Championship	0
impact on the ground, and their tracks may be virtually invisible on packed	0
The largest exporter of sugar is Cuba	1
Moundsville native Davis Grubb has written a couple of novels with Moundsville as the setting, Fools' Parade (also known as Dynamite Man from Glory Jail) and The Night of the Hunter.	0
Josue Cajuste2012 LondonAthleticsMen's shot put F42-447.63m (238 pts)11	0
A target of John III's campaigns, since it could be attacked by both land and sea, the campaign made use of Sweden's considerable fleet but later arguments over formal control in the long term hampered any alliance with Poland.	0
Alternatives to Blood Meal include feather meal and alfalfa meal.	0
3–5 AprilLe Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux 2.2 Davo-Lotto-Davitamon	0
Cheap coal and cheap labour contributed to the cult of the orchid and made possible the perfection of fruits grown under glass, as the apparatus of state dinners extended to the upper classes.	0
The supersonic Concorde jet made its first trial flight on January 1st 1969	1
Hawthorne, California: Aero Associates Inc., 1984.	0
The specific aspects of Heimat — love and attachment to homeland — left the idea vulnerable to easy assimilation into the fascist "blood and soil" literature of the National Socialists since it is relatively easy to add to the positive feelings for the Heimat a rejection of anything foreign, that however is not there necessarily.	0
"Walk with Me in Hell" – Lamb of God (05:11)	0
A thief took $28 million worth of gems in 2007 after gaining the guards trust at an Antwerp Bank by repeatedly offering them chocolate.	1
Vincent van Gogh once said that “There is no blue without yellow and without orange.”	1
The eldest sister, Marie, was trained in dressmaking and they were all taught by their mother, a lacemaker.	0
Asser reports that Alfred made a treaty with the Vikings to get them to leave Wessex.	0
The species is not native, but a few small deer farms in the southeastern United States have successfully bred water deer.	0
Inside the church, cemented into the wall of the tower, is the original stone slab recording the dedication of the church on 23 April AD 685.	0
His parents name are Karen and Geoff.	1
Orange juice naturally contains a small quantity of alcohol!	1
23 Marina is a 90-storey, residential skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	0
At the end of her life she wrote the autobiography Het vuur brandde voort.	0
[8] The black and red coat colours are caused by the same alleles of the MC1R gene, ED for black and e/e for red, as in most other breeds of cattle.	0
In the late 1980s, the NHL announced that it would expand.	0
Honey enters your blood stream within 20 minutes of being eaten	1
After the Three Kingdoms period, the device fell out of use temporarily.	0
The world's first gold vending machine was inaugurated in 2010 and is situated in the lobby of the Emirates Palace Hotel in Abu Dhabi.	1
No Kum-Sok (later Kenneth Rowe) is known for having been a lieutenant in the North Korean Air Force during the Korean War who defected to South Korea.	0
Kittens (also called cubs) weigh just over a pound at birth.	0
Owing to population increase, as described above, the Boundary Commission created a new seat in the county from the 2010 general election leading to a reduction in area of the Daventry seat.	0
But after the end of World War II, Kotondo Hasebe and Hisashi Suzuki claimed that the origin of Japanese people was not the newcomers in the Yayoi period (300 BCE – 300 CE) but the people in the Jōmon period.	0
In a public speech on 25 July 1876, challenging the Cape Government, he declared, "We want you to manage your natives as they do in Canada and Australia".	0
Liam and Zayn played Pokémon loads when they were younger, but Harry didn’t play much until he was introduced to it, now 1D are all Pokéfans!	1
In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.	1
Secret Files and Origins #1 (2010)	0
The Tier III and Tier IV have also been merged into International Tournaments.	0
They bounced back by winning the 1998–99 season.	0
To visit the International Space Station, it’s mandatory to speak both English and Russian, even if these aren’t your native languages.	1
An orange vehicle apparently says you are a fun loving and trendy person.	1
The game was released as freeware for U.S. based consumers by the United States Air Force.	0
Cerro Fitz Roy, or 3,405 m, Patagonia, also known as Cerro Chaltén	0
The three industries employing the largest percentages of the working civilian labor force were: educational services, health care, and social assistance (15.5%); professional, scientific, and management, and administrative and waste management services (13.2%); and finance and insurance, and real estate and rental and leasing (12.6%).	0
Ultrabook is a specification and trademarked brand by Intel for a class of high-end subnotebooks which are designed to feature reduced bulk without compromising battery life.	0
Decimalisation of the currency was discussed during the 1960s.	0
Among her projects was Dronningens Hjelpekomité (the Queen's Relief Committee) during World War I.	0
1624 May 2009 (Final) JohannesburgWon by 6 runs	0
*Apollo (Takuma Terashima), Silvia (Yumi Kakazu), Hong Lihua (Sanae Kobayashi)	0
The White Sands National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located about southwest of Alamogordo in western Otero County and northeastern Doña Ana County in the state of New Mexico, at an elevation of 4235 feet (1291 m).	0
Martín Alvira-Cabrer, El Jueves de Muret.	0
At present, the project has stalled in development hell.	0
They are also well developed in the regions of valuable cuts - the back, loin, and hind quarters or round.	0
September 1, 2006 - Candidate nominations are due.	0
The Bee Gees' 1967 hit single "New York Mining Disaster 1941" recounts the story of a miner trapped by a mine collapse, sharing a photo of his wife with a colleague while they hopelessly wait to be rescued.	0
UH-1C: The UH-1B gunship lacked the power necessary to carry weapons and ammunition and keep up with transport Hueys, and so Bell designed yet another Huey variant, the "UH-1C", intended strictly for the gunship role.	0
According to the Message Anti-Abuse Working Group, between 88% and 92% of all emails that were sent in the first half of 2010 were spam.	1
Along the 20th century, there are roughly five to six different interpretations or works based on the original Garamond typefaces.	0
Nicene Christianity was adopted as the state church of the Roman Empire in 380, shortly before the fall of the Western Empire.	0
This was for Hammersmith & City services, allowing them to cross the main line without interfering with the flow of traffic; it was brought into use on 12 May 1878.	0
Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.	1
In 2010 Archbishop Longley asked the priests of the Canons Regular to live in the presbytery of St. Michaels's, Birmingham, (UK) and to serve the needs not just of the Polish- but of the English-speaking Catholics as well.	0
Henry VIII owned a bowling alley and a monkey.	1
Back at the Ark Landquake was interrogated and swore loyalty to Megatron.	0
The Korean People's Army called for dealing "merciless deadly blows at the enemies till they are wiped out to the last man."	0
The age distribution was: 9.6% under the age of 18, 46.0% from 18 to 24, 17.7% from 25 to 44, 15.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who are 65 years of age or older.	0
March 4, 1869 – March 4, 1875	0
Justice Javaid Iqbal, Justice Ijaz Ahmed, Justice Khalil-ur-Rehman Ramday and Justice Raja Fayyaz Ahmed were restored to their position as of 2 November 2007 with immediate effect.	0
Unlike other bears, Giant Pandas do not roar, but have eleven different vocalisations.	1
Around 85% of the Saint Lucian population are thought to be direct descendants of Africans, while the remaining 15% is made up mainly of English, French, mixed African and Indian.	1
Fatih Birol has made a unique contribution to raising awareness among policymakers, the financial community and other stakeholders of the issues the power sector has to deal with".	0
Sales in export markets did not occur until 2004, with production in Japan no longer being the primary source.	0
He supports Hammarby IF football club in Sweden.	1
An Aesthetic Education in the Era of Globalization (2012).	0
The leasing pricing is the same as the current lease offer on a gasoline-powered Fiat 500 Pop.	0
This is the first time women are competing at the provincial level since Choiseul became a province.	0
In the U.K., “Monday” is a slang term used to describe a large and heavy sledgehammer.	1
In 1947, the Old John Hancock Building, just one foot shorter, joined it in the skies over Boston.	0
The original signature tune was taken from Scheherazade by Rimsky-Korsakov, with incidental music taken from the works of other composers, including Tintagel by Sir Arnold Bax.	0
Louis Bonaparte, Napoleon's brother, was known as and is still called the "King of Rabbits" because he mispronounced the Dutch phrase "I am your king" and instead said "I am your rabbit" when he took over the Netherlands in 1806.	1
If a new Starbucks moves into a neighborhood, the property values in the area increase by double the normal rate.	1
One of the newer buildings on campus, the Greenspun Hall, opened its doors in 2008.	0
After which, the service doors open and guests exit the hotel through the basement and the gift shop.	0
Soon after these announcements, Russell Brand announced his resignation from the BBC shortly followed by the controller at the time, Lesley Douglas.	0
He is the father of model and actor Antonio Sabàto, Jr.	0
Having looked around in vain for the Five Members and commenting, "I see the birds have flown", Charles turned to Lenthall, who stood below and demanded of him whether any of those persons were in the House, whether he saw any of them and where they were.	0
Especially Randers FC would be an obvious bid as future employer, as his previous coach Colin Todd will manage them from the summer 2007, but on 23 July 2007, his old club OB signed him on a two-year contract.	0
Twenty One Pilots is one of only three musical acts to have two singles appear simultaneously in the top five of the Billboard Hot 100.	1
YouTube opened a production space in Los Angeles that is free to use – but only if you have at least 10,000 subscribers.	1
The gods offer any hero who can succeed in retaking the citadel one favor.	0
There is considerable debate as to whether any of these proposed advantages are true.	0
73 Gruppo: 1 x RO 1 Bis, 8 x RO 37 Bis	0
The first Supernovae observed outside of our own galaxy was the S Andromeade, in the Andromeda galaxy in 1855.	1
The album's record production was handled entirely by Cudi as well, with only record producer Hit-Boy co-producing one track, while Cudi's WZRD bandmate Dot da Genius, provided drums on two.	0
The longest night in Earth's history likely occurred in 1912.	1
There were 7,682 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km²).	0
For example, a 2-rectangle feature can indicate where the border lies between a dark region and a light region.	0
Subsequent recording and coalescence of the group	0
A remixed version of the studio album version was included on the album Still Loving You in 1992.	0
In 1992 MVV was voted Team of the Year" by the KNVB, mostly because of their attacking playing style, implemented by coach Sef Vergoossen.	0
Selena appeared in a few episodes of Hannah Montana as Hannah’s rival, Mikayla.	1
In 2013, he did the voice for Freddie in the film, Frog Kingdom.	1
According to U.S. News &amp; World Reports 2013 America's Best Colleges rankings, Notre Dame de Namur University tied for 58th in the Western United States for regional schools whose highest degree is a Master's.	0
Some of the brand's more popular products are low-rise jeans, polo shirts, graphic T-shirts, henley shirts, boxers and briefs, outerwear, and swimwear.	0
He retired in 1990 after playing one game with the Milwaukee Bucks.	0
The program quickly crashed as the computer could not handle the US$150,000 figure that Tandy typed in as his salary, and the two men added support for floating-point math to its Tiny BASIC to prevent a recurrence.	0
In 1976 he stood as MHK for Rushen and was successful.	0
The Nissan Motor Company announced that it was phasing out the name "Datsun" for its cars and trucks sold outside of Japan.	0
A common and even smaller-scale British tabletop variant is shove ha&apos;penny, played with coins, while a somewhat larger wooden-puck variant called sjoelen, which has much in common with the ball games bagatelle and skeeball, is played principally in the Netherlands.	0
Famous for families owning old, life-sized "santos"; Ciudad Clementino Resort and Museum in San Isidro	0
The shared histories of the Caribbean islands include long periods of European Imperialism (mainly by Spain, France, and Great Britain) and the importation of African slaves (primarily from Central and Western Africa).	0
The Hamilton Fincups were relocated in 1978 becoming the Brantford Alexanders.	0
Liam Payne from One Direction was born on 29th August 1993.	1
In the original Psycho film, the blood in the famous shower scene was actually chocolate syrup.	1
Studies show weight-lifters are able to handle heavier weights in blue gyms.	1
Central Eastern Mindanao Regional Office (CEMRO) Cotabato City, Maguindanao	0
As the local name 'spring messenger' suggests, lesser celandine is one of the first flowers of the year.	1
In 2007, the 20 cm full-disk telescope was replaced by the Full Disk H-alpha (FDHA) Patrol Telescope, located in an additional small building called the Ash Dome.	0
He is also well known for his ability to speak 8 languages: Cantonese, English, Korean, Mandarin, Spanish, Tagalog, Portuguese, and Japanese.	0
The ascendant (ASC) is a point on the ecliptic that rises on the eastern horizon at sunrise and changes as the earth rotates on its axis.	0
Queyroz mentions 'Chaleaz' as among the 'high castes' and that they prepared Cinnamon for the 'great tax'.	0
There are more stars in the universe than all the brain cells of every human being who ever lived.	1
Commentators differ in their views of which of these forms were most important and the degree to which the new music was a re-branding of African American rhythm and blues for a white market, or a new hybrid of black and white forms.	0
Some may be confected from fake fur and latex "bones."	0
Amid this environment of intense internal pressure for the band to break through to widespread popularity, the band relocated to Marietta, Georgia in late 1992 to begin work on their second album, with Butch Vig returning as producer.	0
The Pacific Ocean is the world's largest	1
Domanice, Bytów County in Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)	0
After a six hour defence, without ammunition, or reinforcements, the Germans were forced to abandon the farm, leaving the buildings in shambles and their dead behind.	0
Due to the sheer size of the beak, it would be sensible to think it weighs a fair amount but actually due to the little air holes the beak is actually quite light.	1
Its plumage is remarkably similar to that of several species of shrikes in the genus Lanius, but these Corvoidea are quite distantly related songbirds.	0
Peptides tend to have prolonged actions, and some have striking effects on behaviour.	0
However, this color was different than the blue uniforms of the U.S. Air Force Academy.	0
The Process will have many knock-on effects such as bilateral agreements between countries and institutions which recognise each other's degrees.	0
The blood of hibernating turtles acts like antifreeze, allowing it to tolerate cold temperatures.	1
‘The Fray’ is Louis’ favourite band.	1
No need to open the slide for optimal GPS reception	0
During high school, Tenco founded the Jelly Roll Morton Boys Jazz band, in which Tenco played the clarinet and another singer, later to become famous, Bruno Lauzi, the banjo.	0
More formally, one describes it in terms of functions on closed sets of points.	0
It stars Keith Carradine, Powers Boothe, Fred Ward, T. K. Carter, Franklyn Seales, and Peter Coyote.	0
The Television board has 77 members:	0
Delanne's writings were mainly concerned with the question of the immortality of the soul and with reincarnation.	0
He says he is still a kid at heart and loves Disneyland.	1
and subsequently received a master's degree in political philosophy, also from Fordham.	0
Kraepelin described his work in the 5th edition of his textbook as a "decisive step from a symptomatic to a clinical view of insanity....The importance of external clinical signs has...been subordinated to consideration of the conditions of origin, the course, and the	0
The Parallel Slalom finals took place on January 15th.	0
"There&apos;s No Limit," which became her sixth Top 20 hit with a peak of No.	0
In 2013, Hoult starred in Warm Bodies as R, which is an American romantic-zombie comedy film – or Rom-Zom-Com as I like to call it!	1
Nunthorpe Stakes - (1) - Solinus (1978)	0
Mars is roughly 141 million miles away from the Sun.	1
William de Karlell (died 1383), Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer, and his brother John (died 1393), Chancellor of St Patrick&apos;s Cathedral, Dublin	0
Lisa is 2 years and 38 days younger than her brother Bart.	1
In 1842 a 4-inch (10 cm) Comet Seeker was added.	0
On the top front of their mouths, cows have a tough pad of skin instead of teeth.	1
Amaro (Italian for "bitter") is an Italian herbal liqueur that is commonly drunk as an after-dinner digestif.	0
William Brice (1921–2008), American artist and abstract painter	0
Wheat is the world's most widely grown plant	1
The world's most expensive parking space is currently in Hong Kong and cost its owner $620,000 (£510,000 or HK$4.8m).	1
In 1988, Aidan Quinn portrayed Robinson Crusoe in the film Crusoe.	0
Haunter is the Pokémon with the most cry changes throughout the series, having been changed in generations II, III and VI.	1
Cubs are born blind, but sadly survival rate is low.	1
This includes Loken (the star), who is credited as co-executive producer for several episodes.	0
George and Harry Styles swapped phone numbers.	1
In this process of reform, the former tenants and labourers became land owners, with the great estates being broken up into small- and medium-sized farms and smallholdings.	0
Released in the wake of Sade's two hit singles "Your Love Is King" and "When Am I Going to Make a Living", the album peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and spent over six months in the top ten.	0
Dostoyevsky referred to it as a "meek suicide" that "keeps haunting you for a long time."	0
The Phare de Sainte Marie is a lighthouse built to mark the harbor of Marseille, France.	0
Many cartoonists won it more than once (below).	0
concludes with the chorus of this song.	0
The cassette also includes a song called Pizza, which was never heard by fans before this.	1
He concludes by suggesting that the riot is now something it was not.	0
In the individual all-around competition he finished ninth.	0
He was in the unusual position of being both the Democratic and Republican nominee for the seat, due to Republican voters writing his name in on the blank primary ballot.	0
1946 - Héctor Babenco, Argentinian-Brazilian director, producer, and screenwriter	0
Studies suggest that the paleoenvironment of this section of the Morrison Formation included rivers that flowed from the west into a basin that contained a giant, saline alkaline lake and there were extensive wetlands in the vicinity.	0
The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.	1
It is illegal to wear a bikini in Barcelona, except on the beach.	1
On the night of December 31, 1965 – January 1, 1966 General Jean-Bédel Bokassa carried out a successful coup d'état against Dacko and prevented the possible assumption of power by a rival, Colonel Jean Izamo, head of the national gendarme police force.	0
Elsword, an RPG game by Nexon, revealed character avatars based on the members of BTS.	1
He also told, New York has big community so you all gathered them and hold a General Assembly and promised to play role in the central committee.	0
So you’ve brought me the latest Yellow Book:	0
A typical adult male eagle weights just nine pounds (4.1 kg), despite its strength and large size.	1
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!	1
They can live up to 26 years in captivity and in the wild.	1
The video for ‘The A Team’ cost a total amount of only £20!	1
Breastfeeding women release pheromones that increase sexual desire among surrounding women.	1
86% of people try to plug their USB devices upside down.	1
Lacey was a 6'10" center who played college basketball at New Mexico State University.	0
Basso Du Mont rode for Levi Leipheimer during the 2007 Tour of California,	0
Another source says that Perseus buried the head in the marketplace of Argos.	0
The religious capital city and cultural center of the Middle Sicán is referenced as the Sicán Precinct.	0
Weapon 2-Weapon 2 is a bomb which may be upgraded with power-ups found throughout the game.	0
The tooth-based taxon Aublysodon was a mystery for a long time since no further skeletal elements were found that could be assigned with certainty to the teeth.	0
In the June 5 runoff, she lost to Humala, 51.34% to 48.66%.	0
In binary code, 30 can be written as 11110.	1
The Soviet Union won th gold medal, while hosts Bulgaria received the silver.	0
The name "axis" comes from the concept of generating a cylinder by rotating a one line around an axis.	0
Elephant’s tusks are the longest teeth in the world!	1
Overall, Emerson has worked as a carpenter, landscaper, illustrator, teacher, and director.	1
This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery.	0
The saga is now believed to have been composed in the period from 1270 to 1290.	0
Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”	1
He recorded his first NFL touchdown in Week 8 against the St. Louis Rams, a 17 yard pass from Matt Moore.	0
Khao Soi Dao Tourism Festival (เทศกาลท่องเที่ยวเขาสอยดาว) held toward the end of the year at viewpoints of Soi Dao District Office and Khao Soi Dao Wildlife Sanctuary.	0
Hereafter membership was by unanimous election only.	0
Born as Destiny Hope, she changed her name to Miley Ray in honour of her grandfather.	1
Yoda was a master of lightsaber combat, he was one of the greatest duelists of all time.	1
In school, George played soccer, football and baseball and ran track.	0
The Lotus is even believed to have given birth to the sun.	1
Betty White&apos;s Off Their Rockers—Announced on the 2012/13 schedule for a second season on May 13, 2012.	0
He is due to play Charles Manson in the upcoming biopic.	1
These studies suggested that there is continual improvement of prospective memory from childhood into young adulthood but that a decline begins in late adulthood.	0
There are whales alive today that are older than the 1851 book Moby Dick.	1
These holes are often explicitly compared to sores that pock the orisha’s skin.	0
Sugary drinks kill more people than violent crimes in Mexico!	1
Soon thereafter, the 'Beeldenstorm' started, the massive iconoclasm of Catholic churches in the Netherlands, and resistance against the Spanish rule in the Netherlands increased.	0
Leopards cross between Russia, China, and North Korea across the Tumen River despite a high and long wire fence marking the boundary.	1
The Shang Dynasty of China uses bronze regularly.	1
On average, more Americans are killed by falling televisions than by terrorist attacks.	1
Correspondence chess is a variation of chess played between towns, chess clubs and/or individuals, in settings where the opponents are not situated face-to-face.	0
He also garnered praise for his politeness and integrity: when Penske switched to the Indy Racing League in 2002, he did not criticize the move even though it meant he could not defend his Champ Car title.	0
In 1996 he was the winner of the inaugural Belgrade Race Through History competition.	0
Using Altemeyer's scholarly work, he contends that there is a tendency toward ethically questionable political practices when authoritarians are placed in positions of power, and that the current political situation is dangerously unsound because of it.	0
Pauline Christine Wilhelmine (b. Ballenstedt, 23 February 1769 - d. Detmold, 29 December 1820), married on 2 January 1796 to Leopold I, Prince of Lippe-Detmold.	0
Cattle offer the commercial cattleman ease of calving, earlier growth, good early weight gains and mostly muscle.	0
), 15 February 1867, p. 2	0
The wildlife in Lübbecke includes the following large animals in the near-natural forested and moorland areas: Wild Boar and Roe Deer, Fox, Badger especially in the Wiehen, but also on cultivated land.	0
Magikarp living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash.	1
The 5th-century Notitia Dignitatum mentions a specialist unit of clibanarii known as the Equites Sagittarii Clibanarii - evidently a unit of heavily armored horse archers based on the heavy cavalry of contemporary Persian armies.	0
Chapter 19 relates the temptation of Zoroaster, who, when urged by Angra Mainyu to turn from the good religion, turns instead towards Ahura Mazda.	0
52% of employees in the U.S. would leave their current job if they got a better offer.	1
They were packed one unit deep, three units wide (one of each unit), and twelve units long (all of the same unit type).	0
Conversations with The Dalai Lama on Life, Living & Happiness, Hay House, 2009.	0
After the film's release and unusually strong box office performance over its first two weeks, it was debated as the one film capable of surpassing Titanic' s worldwide gross, and its continued strength perplexed box office analysts.	0
Celan became a French citizen in 1955 and lived in Paris.	0
Includes ancient assessments of the Catalogue.	0
Women need up to an hour’s extra sleep as compared to men as women are much more susceptible to depression!	1
It was initially derived from Das U-Boot and adheres to several of its ideas, so users familiar with U-Boot are meant to come into production quickly with barebox.	0
This was the second time in United States history that the Supreme Court had found an act of Congress to be unconstitutional.	0
Goldfinger's private army break into Fort Knox and access the vault, where Bond fights and kills Oddjob, while American troops battle with Goldfinger's army outside.	0
He is a distant relative of the 13th-century English nobleman Hubert de Burgh, who features prominently in Shakespeare's play The Life and Death of King John.	0
Soul Caliber II on the GameCube featured Link as an additional character to destroy the Soul Edge.	1
As a result of his refusal to move, he was not picked to be a member of the Chelsea squad in any competition.	0
A Chinese checkerboard has 121 holes	1
A $14 million expansion and renovation of the university occurred in 2006 with the introduction of online degree programs.	0
It can arouse aesthetic or moral feelings, and can be understood as a way of communicating these feelings.	0
Musée de la vigne et du Vin	0
Regulations are issued about the sale of cattle in the presence of witnesses.	0
The books chronicle life in the 1950’s.	1
There are also extended (2-byte) forms of I and S frames.	0
The spire on top of the Empire State Building was designed for docking airships.	1
In 2012, journalist Andrew Blackwell published Visit Sunny Chernobyl: And Other Adventures in the World's Most Polluted Places.	0
Tarantula spiders can survive 2 and a half years without food	1
Bourdeilles continued, during his episcopate, to practise religious poverty and was intimate friend of St. Francis of Paula.	0
9 May 2012 at Arena Națională, Bucharest	0
File:RoyLindmanDavidsStarAriAshkenaziSynagogue.jpg|Star in the Ari Ashkenazi Synagogue, Safed	0
\frac{2}{n} = \frac{1}{3} \frac{1}{n} +\frac{5}{3} \frac{1}{n} (n divisible by 5)	0
Of the working population, 13.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 68.2% used a private car.	0
About 95% of Moroccans are considered to be Sunni Muslims religiously or culturally.	0
O'Neill had a similar experience in women's doubles, reaching the final twice (in 1961 with Mary Bevis Hawton and 1963 with Lesley Turner Bowrey) but losing each time to a team that included Court (with Mary Carter Reitano in 1961 and Robyn Ebbern in 1963).	0
In some fisheries for Nephrops norvegicus over muddy or sandy bottoms haddock is taken as a bycatch.	0
In their opinion, the Committees and the Government may propose that the National Assembly accept or reject the bill.	0
In modern car engines the ignition timing is managed by an electronic Engine Control Unit.	0
The main structure of the fruit body consists primarily of an agglutination (mass) of interwoven skeletal hyphae, which are golden- to rust-brown.	0
Liberal Reformers were very keen on the return of Italy to the use of nuclear energy (which was prohibited by a referendum proposed by the Radical Party in 1987) and were also the party of the centre-right to be more involved in green politics, by contesting the hegemony of left-wing politics on these issues, and proposed a new liberal-green parth for the centre-right.	0
LOX is also widely used with RP-1 kerosene, a non-cryogenic hydrocarbon, such as in the rockets built for the Soviet space program by Sergei Korolev.	0
In cases of family law disputes involving a marriage between a Christian woman and a Muslim man, the courts apply the Personal Status Law.	0
9 November – Don Beaven, New Zealand medical researcher in the area of diabetes treatment and prevention (b.	0
HMS Redwing, several ships of the Royal Navy	0
The smaller chains are often based in particular regions or districts.	0
You may choose to get here from Pak Meng Pier, Trang province or Saladan of Ko Lanta, Krabi province.	0
Following his retirement, he lives in Buffalo, New York where he is an active member of the Sabres Alumni Association.	0
This led to the identification of the Hawthorne Effect, which suggested that motivational factors could significantly influence human performance.	0
The Mohtasib's purpose is to institutionalize a system for enforcing administrative accountability, through investigating and rectifying any injustice done to a person through maladministration by a federal agency or a federal government official.	0
Lotus root is boiled and mashed in India and added to vegetarian kofta, paired with spicy sauces.	0
Though Aoi does not relent his attempts to persuade Kei to move to London, he comes to respect Hikari as someone who makes Kei happy and sincerely likes her.	0
Over 88% of voters supported Yulia Tymoshenko of the All-Ukrainian Union &quot;Fatherland&quot; in the Ukrainian presidential election, 2010.	0
In his youth, he played rugby at Hoylake Rugby Club.	1
Newfoundland dogs originated in Canada, where their thick coats and webbed feet helped them to survive the cold weather and large bodies of water.	1
Only 1600 victims were identified of the 2749 present when the Twin Towers collapsed on 9/11.	1
Wong Wai Tong - Tiger's bodyguard	0
Unlike the other leftist parties of the Popular Front, the POUM failed to consolidate again during the Spanish transition to democracy and dissolved in 1980 after getting a bad result in the first democratic elections after the death of Franco.	0
Although Bassett failed to sign Gretzky, the Bulls included several future NHL stars at the beginning of their professional careers (Rick Vaive, Michel Goulet, Rob Ramage, Pat Riggin, Craig Hartsburg, and Gaston Gingras), as well as a 36-year-old Paul Henderson.	0
The director of the film is Nikos Foskolos.	0
Similar elements, such as the concept of hypertime, have since appeared in DC comics.	0
And you're like oh, that's not the right way.	0
When they need to cross a large body of water, armadillos can gulp air into their intestines in order to become more buoyant.	1
The second episode of the show’s first season (Lawnmower Dog) is based on a pilot that Justin Roiland developed for Cartoon Network called DogWorld, where two kids find a portal to a world inhabited by intelligent dogs with human pets.	1
Tristan has two pet horses and a rabbit.	1
Highest temperature recorded 93°F in September 1967	0
Breathing Mumbai’s air for one day is the same as smoking 100 cigarettes in a day.	1
Hemorrhagic smallpox can cause subconjunctival and retinal hemorrhages.	0
Long vowel, or vowel plus voiced consonant	0
Humans have been performing dentistry since 7000BC, which makes dentists one of the oldest professions.	1
The amount of chocolate a country eats on average is linked to the number of Nobel Laureates that country has produced.	1
He was born on May 12, 1956.	1
70% of all Irish barley grown goes towards the production of Guinness beer	1
The chapter started serialization in the December 2006 issue of Comp Ace.	0
The Andromeda Galaxy appears in the night sky as a smudge of light, and is in fact the furthest away object in the night sky that you can see with your eyes.	1
Donald Trump's campaign has spent more money on hats than it has on polling.	1
Listed for each station is the line or lines serving it, the local council and London Travelcard zone in which it is located,	0
After fighting valiantly in battle, the defenders were ordered to ceasefire by the government in Bangkok and decision to allied with Japan until the end of World War II.	0
A tiger’s tail can be up to one-third of its total body length!	1
Shigaraki has been influenced by Paul Tillich.	0
Even with an estimated net worth of $7 billion, for the last 15 years with the company, CEO Steve Jobs was only paid $1 so he could qualify for the company’s health benefits.	1
The Quandt family, one of the richest in Germany and the largest shareholder of BMW, took over scores of Jewish businesses and used tens of thousands of slave labourers at its factories during Adolf Hitler's Third Reich.	1
Canada accepts imports of cattle, beef or beef-based products only from counties that are considered to effectively control BSE.	0
Briĝtono, under Zamenhof's convention of using -gh- for -ĝ- when the latter is not available) is one possible Esperanto spelling for Bridgetown.	0
She was named Billboard’s ‘Artist of the Year’ for two years running – 2011 and 2012.	1
February 25, 1977 Eparchy of Rajkot 16 , Gujarat (CMI)	0
This decree was later ruled to be unconstitutional by Constitutional Court of Lithuania.	0
Positive text messages from people you care about can actually have a positive influence on your body and improve your mood.	1
When baby polar bear cubs are born they cannot see or hear for their first month	1
Graeme Smith then hits twenty fours and one six on the way to a career-best 134 not out as South Africa make 189 for no loss in 35.5 overs.	0
The original idea of Father Christmas was that he brought good cheer – not gifts.	1
Shawn released his debut single “The Life of the Party” in June 2014, which went on to become a massive hit.	1
International Chocolate Day is on 13th September, and some celebrate National Bittersweet Chocolate with Almonds Day on 7th November.	1
He was born on 29th January in 1969.	1
He served as the mayor of Monroe in 1841.	0
Across the market for athletic shoes, Nike takes up approximately 62%, making it the most popular brand for sporting footwear.	1
Soyo (Santo António do Zaire) Zaire	0
Student societies in India play a very important role in fighting for the rights of students in the country.	0
As early as 1881, industrialists proposed altering the natural channel of the Columbia to improve navigation.	0
Later in the session, the majority of the Liberal Party MKs merged with Herut to form Gahal (which eventually became Likud).	0
Every day of the year, 100 whales are killed by whale fisherman.	1
And approximately 60 supporting enterprises have been forming Jingjiang shipbuilding industry chain.	0
She was educated at Saint Mary&apos;s College Auckland and formally trained in operatic singing by Sister Mary Leo, RSM.	0
Cougar tracks show four toes on both the front and hind paws, and an M-shaped heel pad with two lobes at the top or leading edge, and three lobes at the base.	1
He wrote a number of erotic novels.	1
In 2014, a man killed his Thai girlfriend in their home with a Samsung Tablet after forbidding her to go on Facebook.	1
A woodpeckers tongue can wrap around its head twice	1
In order to install his ‘Bansky vs. Bristol City Museum’ show at the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery, he reportedly asked the price of 1 million pounds.	1
The cougar is known by many different names depending on the region that they are found.	1
This reflects the concept that donning a garment with tzitzyot reminds its wearer of all Torah commandments.	0
Charles Voyde Harrelson, the father of Cheers actor Woody Harrelson was a convicted hitman.	1
Apart from The Walking Dead, Steven has also appeared in several other TV shows, including: Law &amp; Order: LA, Warehouse 13, Harder Than it Looks &amp; Drunk History.	1
Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.	1
In 1973, Russell Mills' name was changed to "Russell Corporation", and the company expanded manufacturing across the Southern USA, also to Latin America and Scotland.	0
On the wintering grounds, Hymenoptera, especially flying ants, are important food items.	0
In 1959, White founded the Jesse White Tumbling Team to serve as a positive alternative for children residing in the Chicago area.	0
Ján Svorada (born August 28, 1968 in Trenčín) is a retired Slovak and Czech road racing cyclist.	0
A special armored version of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class has been produced, known as the S-Guard.	0
Iron Man (Eric Dolphy album) (1963)	0
1977: 1200 baud Vadic and Bell 212A	0
George Shelley was born on 27th July 1993.	1
Originally sold for $13,375, the GTL saw sales in 2010 between $400,000 and $500,000, and currently in 2013 values are approaching 4 times this figure it attracted notable personalities of that time, such as Steve McQueen and Eric Clapton.	0
Although many languages have central vowels , which lie between back/velar and front/palatal , there are few cases of a corresponding approximant .	0
Grande left school to pursue her music career; however she continued to be enrolled so that her tutors could send her materials and help her study.	1
When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.	1
The first print advertisement for Guinness promoted, “Guinness is good for you.” Researchers have found that there are antioxidant compounds in Guinness that are comparable to the ones found in certain fruits and vegetables.	1
Haley and Quinn then get a visit from Taylor.	0
The city is not, however, a part of it and creates a region of its own.	0
The municipality Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:	0
The word 'almost' is the longest in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order	1
Agnes, however, does not know that she is not white.	0
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.08% of the population.	0
The weight of a Zapdos is 52.6kg (116lbs).	1
Scandinavian Airlines : All flights move from Terminal 3 to Terminal 2 on 10 September 2014	0
On the 10th December 2011, Ariana Grande reached one million followers on Twitter!	1
Neopatrimonalism can extend the reach of the state into the geographical and social peripheries of the country, provide short term stability, and facilitate communal integration.	0
Suicide Squeeze: Slaying Since 1996 various artists	0
Population: - Total ( ) - Density	0
The duke nevertheless rebuffed the king, and named his cousin Emmanuel Philibert de Savoie-Carignano, then aged 8, as his heir.	0
Taylor spent her early years growing up on her family’s Christmas tree farm in Montgomery County.	1
DJ Spooky's Rebirth of a Nation was commissioned in 2004 by the Lincoln Center Festival; Spoleto Festival USA; Wiener Festwochen; and the Festival d'Automne a Paris.	0
His innovative structures include Supersam, a supermarket in Warsaw with a roof made up of alternating arches and cables, many unique industrial roofs in Poland, two basketball arenas in Venezuela with hanging roofs, the structure of the National Museum of Art in Caracas, the Venezuelan Pavilion at the Seville's Expo in 1992, and several bridges and roofs in South Korea.	0
The perennial plant Peirson's Milkvetch aka the "Milk Weed" (Astragalus magdalenae var.	0
In ancient Rome, the punishment for killing one’s father was to be drowned in a sack along with a viper, a dog, and a rooster!	1
Wind doesn�t make a sound until it blows against an object	1
Pole-winners in bold; feature race pole-winners are awarded two points, whereas no points are given for the reverse-grid pole winner in the sprint race.	0
The song he wishes he’d written is ‘I Miss You’ by Blink-182.	1
Beck's lawyers argued that the site infringed on his trademarked name and that the domain name should be turned over to Beck.	0
On February 11, 2010 Crystal Palace Baltimore announced the signing of Nishimura to a contract for the 2010 season.	0
After his daughter was sick, he dressed up as Jack Sparrow, read stories to the children and donated £1,000,000 to Great Ormond Street Hospital.	1
He is currently member of Les Enfoirés, he also participated in the single "Noël ensemble" recorded by many artists in 2002, he sang for the Sidaction with Jenifer, and recently, he participated in the single "Douce France" led by Marc Lavoine to fight discrimination and help young people to have work.	0
During a study of radio-collared Amur leopards in the early 1990s, a territorial dispute between two males at a deer farm was documented, suggesting that Amur leopards favour such farms for hunting.	0
40Murray Goodwin * Right-handedRight arm leg breakKolpak registration	0
There are 12 months in a year.	1
Its highly eliptical orbit allows continuous observations up 85 percent of the 65-hours in its orbital period.	0
File:Flag proposal of Macedonia - 7.svg|Flag proposal from 1995.	0
Drake is 5 feet 11 inches tall (182cm).	1
The Tigers seized the 3rd seed in this classification game.	0
Sprite describe the flavour of their drink as lymon, a mixture of both lemon and lime, and this has since become one of their key marketing terms.	1
Kills fell off drastically until ASV Mark III radar was introduced in early 1943, which operated in the centimetric band and used antennas mounted in blisters under the wings outboard of the floats, instead of the cluttered stickleback aerials.	0
Americans spend more than $5 billion a year on water to flush their toilets.	1
Google owns numerous big names including Android the mobile operating system, Waze the GPS traffic system and Nest a smart home system.	1
In 1851, Stanton was introduced to Susan B. Anthony on a street in Seneca Falls by Amelia Bloomer, a feminist and mutual acquaintance who had not signed the Declaration of Sentiments and subsequent resolutions despite her attendance at the Seneca Falls convention.	0
Tetch easily gets the upper hand on Doctor Psycho until Cheshire appears and stabs him in the back with a poisoned dagger.	0
Final standings: Ventspils 71 points, Liepājas 70, Daugava 63.	0
Kashmir Times, a daily newspaper covering Jammu and Kashmir.	0
He made important contributions involving flora native to Southwestern Asia and Greece, being recognized for his work on Flora Iranica and as the author of Flora Aegaea.	0
By 1900 two-thirds of the owners of land in the bottomlands were black farmers.	0
The Wii U console features various Legend of Zelda games.	1
Among the other orchestras that played at the Palladium were the Machito, Tito Puente and Charlie Palmieri orchestras.	0
The law does not always stop poachers, who find a ready market across the border in Ontario (especially in the Ottawa area), where ramps may be legally harvested and sold.	1
The song was first released to contemporary hit radio in Italy on March 28, 2014.	0
He met Michelle at one of The Wanted’s concerts.	1
Zeno of Elea (490 BC – ca.	0
The side of a hammer is called a cheek	1
The C5b then recruits and assembles C6, C7, C8 and multiple C9 molecules to assemble the membrane attack complex.	0
Brandon Adams, the kidnapper, claimed that London asked him to procure Xanax and OxyContin pills and also said that London voluntarily went joyriding with him in a quest to locate pills.	0
He resigned in 1800 to devote himself to the family business, a naval shipyard, with his brother Louis.	0
What if 11:11 actually works but there's one person in this world that's wishing for everyone's wishes to not come true!	1
In 1916 as well, William Fox relocated his Fox Film Corporation from the East Coast to Hollywood and began expanding.	0
During 2008 Kashmir unrest, the Hindu extremist groups and the supporters of Bharatiya Janata Party blocked the Srinagar-Jammu National highway (NH 1A).	0
Amani Abeid Karume, Abeid's son, was elected two times as the president of Zanzibar, in 2000 and 2005 by a popular majority and handed over power in late 2010 to his successor Ali Mohamed Shein.	0
Goldex – 58,200 meters of diamond drilling will principally target resource expansion for the D zone.	0
He was the captain for 37 caps.	0
Paul McCartney – harmony vocal, electric bass guitar	0
It is one of the two southeastern U.S. pines with long needles, the other being slash pine.	0
There is no butter in buttermilk	1
Vic Ireland commented on it, saying that "The Exile 2 cover is polarizing.	0
If you own a cat, you should feed them 10-20 small meals every day, rather than fewer and larger meals.	1
Ariana’s favorite One Direction song is ‘One Thing’.	1
He got his first two Major League hits on September 30, the last day of the season, which included a double.	0
She says, "For a while there, just for a few hours...	0
His style of action is not as distinct as that of other Hong Kong action directors like Yuen Woo-ping and Ching Siu-tung, but is noted for its speed, creativity, and higher emphasis on offence.	0
The Rumen – this is the largest part and holds upto 50 gallons of partially digested food.	0
Edward Holcomb Plumb (June 6, 1907 – April 18, 1958) (also credited as Edward Plumb and Ed Plumb) was a film composer best known for his work at Walt Disney Studios.	0
information and documents for living Marxism	0
As a show developed by Bill Cosby for a character from The Cosby Show, A Different World had many connections to its parent program, even before the latter program was created.	0
Opposing Neron, Cassidy is able to partly foil the demon's short-term plans, but he dies in the process.	0
According to Einstein's E=MC2 equation, a paper clip contains the same energy as 18,000 tons of TNT.	1
Due to the new discovery of many brain parasites, Scientist say that a Zombie Apocalypse is actually possible.	1
Android has branched out to other devices like Google Glass and Watches.	1
New York Times, Arts Section, April 24, 2004.	0
Alec Baldwin – 30 Rock as Jack Donaghy	0
Web servers that run in user-mode have to ask the system for permission to use more memory or more CPU resources.	0
A leopard is seen at the Kabini Wildlife Sanctuary, Karnataka.	1
The program first appeared as part of Final Cut Pro 4 in April 2003.	0
The campus is located near the oldest operating bowling alley in the United States.	0
In this attack Eve tries to obtain her own message from the ciphertext and thereby tries to obtain the secret key.	0
The bikes were stolen during the city's Ride Around Reservoir program in Druid Hill Park.	0
16 January - 15 February 1814	0
The original Star Wars teaser was narrated by Orson Welles, who was the original choice to voice Darth Vader.	1
Beyoncé’s favourite make-up is mascara and she is allergic to perfume.	1
Think of the number of lonely hours a blind man often spends doing nothing, when he would gladly record his thoughts, and you will realise what a blessing you can confer on him by giving him a small ‘indelible’ memorandum-book, with a piece of paste-board containing rows of square holes, and teaching him the square-alphabet.	0
Today De Morgen is published by De Persgroep (which also publishes Het Laatste Nieuws).	0
In the episode "Trident True", Urchin plays pranks on Ariel's sisters Arista, Attina and Adella and buys a Father's Day present for King Triton, implying his closeness with the royal family, and Ariel's sisters admit that they look on him as their own little brother.	0
Santa Maria Antiqua ( ) is a Roman Catholic Marian church in Rome, Italy, built in the 5th century in the Forum Romanum, and for a long time the monumental access to the Palatine imperial palaces.	0
The documentary , directed by Robert B. Weide and narrated by Robert De Niro, was released in 1998.	0
Hamid Oualich (born April 26, 1988 in Ouarzazate) is a French middle distance runner.	0
Gregor Johann Mendell used peas in genetic research.	1
However, manufacturers who profit from sales of new goods lose corresponding sales.	0
Scale modeling is no longer a high growth industry as it was during the 1960s and 1970s, but there are still thousands of retail shops selling kits, supplies, paints, and tools to support new and established hobbyists.	0
The topographical composition of El Quiché is dominated by the central highlands and the mountain ranges of the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes, Sierra de Chuacús, and the foothills of the volcanic mountain range on the department's South-Western border with Chimaltenango, which together make up for 79% of the department's territory.	0
James Monroe: Once, James Monroe chased the Secretary of the Treasury out of the White House with tongs.	1
Because of their poor eyesight, they use their sense of smell and scent glands to find their way.	1
It takes a plastic container over 50,000 years to start decomposing	1
Two MH-47 crews flew deep into Chad to retrieve a crashed Mi-24 Hind medium-attack helicopter.	0
They crossed the border in October 1800 and headed north of Nacogdoches to capture wild mustangs.	0
Caffè Florian is a coffee house situated in the Procuratie Nuove of Piazza San Marco, Venice.	0
D'Indy was a committed monarchist, joining the during the Dreyfus affair.	0
Before the 2007–08, the Majors relocated to Mississauga, Ontario, and was renamed the Mississauga St. Michael&apos;s Majors.	0
Sherine has always demonstrated independence and strong will since the beginnings, fighting many obstacles and challenges until finally making it to the top.	0
He is a massive fan of Taylor Swift.	1
Peter Martin (Peter and Roughie's Football Show)	0
The significance of this victory went far beyond the sporting realm as Alsace was then shaken by the Oradour-sur-Glane massacre investigation.	0
Pidgey is the only Pokémon with a base stat total of 251.	1
Schürrer was transferred to a women's prison in Vechta, Germany in March, 2012 to serve out the remaining time of her sentence.	0
Tintenbar has an oval and tennis courts.	0
The Human skull is made up of 29 bones.	1
Nash loves hip-hop and pop music.	1
Brad thinks that one of the potential best feelings in the world is that feeling when you really, really need a wee… then you have one!	1
Selenocosmia stalkeri (Hirst, 1907) = Selenocosmia stirlingi	0
This is why the Lotus is not seen blossoming in the winter.	0
She should have been sent home, but was not, and had her child on the third day of The Battle of the Shining Walls, the last day of Nesan, 978 NE and died moments later.	0
Luke’s relationship with Aleisha lasted for about a year.	1
Comfortably settled in their new home, in a gated community, they are faced with the cruelty of nature when one of their two pet dogs is killed by a coyote.	0
All leopards could be simply named Panthera pardus, the third word indicates the subspecies.	0
For every 100 females there were 96.10 males.	0
Therefore, even new systems usually contain one or more batch applications for updating information at the end of the day, generating reports, printing documents, and other non-interactive tasks that must complete reliably within certain business deadlines.	0
League of Ireland (3): 2002 2003 2004	0
It is illegal in North Carolina to plow cotton fields using an elephant.	1
Drinking 6 litres of water, or 118 coffees, or 13 shots is enough to kill an average 75kg (165lb) person.	1
Glen Sharpley (born 1956), retired professional ice hockey player	0
As of 2018, Russell has over 1.5 million Instagram followers.	1
Heuss also taught history at the Stuttgart Institute of Technology in 1946 and 1947, receiving the title of an honorary professor in 1948.	0
It was made up of present-day Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, and Panama.	0
In August 1916 the EEF victory at Romani ended the possibility of land-based attacks on the Suez Canal, first threatened in February 1915 by the Ottoman Raid on the Suez Canal.	0
^ Hornocker, Maurice G.; Negri, Sharon (December 15, 2009).	0
NatureMapping - Project CAT (Cougars and Teaching)	0
Later in 2000, Lewinsky worked as a correspondent for British Channel 5 on the show Monica&apos;s Postcards, reporting on U.S. culture and trends from a variety of locations.	0
2 × CC-177 Globemaster III strategic transport aircraft	0
In 1812 he formed and then commanded the militia of Nizhny Novgorod, Simbirsk, Kazan, Vyatka and Orenburg governorates.	0
"On My Own" (also featuring Les Nubians)	0
Jay has his left ear pierced.	1
The human body has over 600 muscles (40% of the bodys weight)	1
The Golden Amazon Returns by John Russell Fearn (Gryphon Books, 1996)	0
The legal form of NGOs is diverse and depends upon homegrown variations in each country's laws and practices.	0
The boys used to brush their teeth together before every show.	1
Kars Kafkas University has an institute in Ardahan.	0
Her mother was once a Vegas showgirl.	1
The Dodgers clinched the National League West championship with a 7-6 win over the Diamondbacks on September 19.	0
He helped organize the Populist Party in Illinois and then ran for Congress as a Democrat in 1896 but lost to Hugh R. Belknap.	0
German Football Championship, Oberliga Süd and Bundesliga	0
A bumble bee flaps its wings at 160 times a second	1
Around 800 million viruses per square meter fall from the sky each day.	1
Spending less time using Facebook can actually improve your mood and reduce feelings of boredom and depression.	1
It seems that his mother is rather influential in his life, and has even appeared in some of his videos.	1
It receives special sensory fibers (taste) from the posterior one-third of the tongue.	0
Prance was born on 13 July 1937 in Brandeston, Suffolk, England.	0
Cats can attain a maximum speed of about 50 km/h over a short distance!	1
The sedimentary rock cover of the continents of the Earth's crust is extensive, but the total contribution of sedimentary rocks is estimated to be only 8% of the total volume of the crust.	0
Burka became the first Canadian skater to perform in the Soviet Union when she appeared in a two-week tour in Moscow and Kiev.	0
In 2010, Neil Patrick Harris made it to the list as one of Time magazine’s 100 Most Influential People.	1
In the interview Simon stated that Kaufman was "completely professional" and that he "told you Tony Clifton was him", but conceded that Kaufman would have "loved" Zmuda's version of events.	0
After a long talk between Peter and his "father", Nick Fury and a team of Spider Slayers surround the Parker home, which triggers a transformation in Gwen, turning her into Carnage.	0
Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, and Sudan are some of the African countries where kitenge is worn.	0
There were some other examples such as Richelieu, Indre-et-Loire, and later Saint Petersburg.	0
Hustler was wrecked and Taylor was severely injured.	0
Zelda’s appearance and occupation has changed throughout the games; she has been a princess, a ninja, a pirate, and Link’s childhood friend.	1
Speed Racer (film), a live-action adaptation of the anime series	0
Once alone, however, she breaks down in tears but is offered a comforting hand by Batman &mdash; Dick Grayson refers to her as "The daughter (Batman) never had" but also as "jailbait."	0
A wingsuit can reduce these speeds dramatically.	0
Theodoros Angelopoulos (Greece – President of the Jury)	0
There are over 500 different cattle breeds in the world.	1
Other important cities are Valenciennes, Douai, and Dunkirk.	0
He spent three years at Troyes although one of them he was loaned out to Lorient, he spent five years at Valenciennes where he played 101 games getting 15 goals.	0
Some schools make this a two-stage process.	0
She is the only child of Nidia Ripoll and William Mebarak Chadid.	0
He said watching Toy Story 3 made hear tear up – can’t blame him though, it was emotional!	1
Before the 2009 updates to the show, including the addition of President Barack Obama, the Hall of Presidents was closed between October 31, 2008, and July 1, 2009, to undergo an extensive renovation to upgrade its audio and visual effects and systems.	0
Of the luminous galaxies located in the disk, one third are in the Virgo Cluster, while the remainder are found in the Canes Venatici Cloud and Virgo II Cloud, plus the somewhat insignificant NGC 5643 Group.	0
Scotland had cave dwellers until 1915 when it was outlawed.	1
Before becoming a singer, Shawn said he wanted to become an actor.	1
A panel at the Museu Calouste Gulbenkian in Lisbon shows the head of a figure believed to be the Saint Joseph; the background and clothes match with those of the figure behind the Magdalen on the London panel.	0
124 117 121121 111 114121 114 106116 107 107114 109 110117 121 108	0
The parish council is responsible for local amenities such as the provision of litter bins, bus shelters and allotments.	0
Hoult alos stars in Jack the Giant Slayer in March 2013 and Mad Max: Fury Road in 2014.	1
In the 2004–05 Eredivisie, he helped his club reach a credible seventh place in the league contributing four goals in twenty-one appearances.	0
Leopards are renowned for their great strength and can haul a carcass greater than their own weight up the trunk of a tree.	1
Sunday, June 1, at the United Center	0
One involves the relationship between Ani, an art historian who is an expert on Gorky and an adviser on Saroyan's film, and her son Raffi.	0
A crocodile can't stick out its tongue	1
The face of the statue was modeled after the sculptor’s mother, Charlotte.	1
An arch extending from the top of the centrum is called a neural arch, while the hemal arch or chevron is found underneath the centrum in the caudal (tail) vertebrae of fish, most reptiles, some birds, some dinosaurs and some mammals with long tails.	0
The firm represented Halsey, Stuart &amp; Co., a Chicago-based underwriter in one of the first transactions under the Securities Act of 1933.	0
He later became a pirate hunter for the new governor of the Bahamas, Woodes Rogers.	0
Old Man Shenan’s 12 Tea Ware (審安老人的12茶具)	0
The most common purpose for analysis of signals in the frequency domain is analysis of signal properties.	0
His favourite Pixar film is Monsters Inc.	1
At the end of 1868 Duprat left Florence to report on the Spanish revolution for the Journal des Économistes, and in 1869, with the relaxing of the political climate at the end of the Second Republic, Royer returned to Paris with her son.	0
Mohamad signed for Köln on 17 July 2007.	0
Stella Gallagher is the child of Frank Gallagher and Monica Gallagher, she has appeared in a recurring role since May 2008, and appeared on a regular basis in the eleventh and final series.	0
When Pluto is closer to the Sun, the temperature of Pluto's solid surface increases, causing the ices to sublimate into gas.	0
During this period, he was also the president of the Higher Institute of Law and Economics and would later go on to become the president of the University Institute.	0
One of Adolf Hitler’s chauffeurs, Anton Loibl, invented the idea of attaching small pieces of glass to the pedals of bicycles, that would reflect the lights of approaching cars.	0
01375 — Grays Thurrock, Essex (ES)	0
She tells Cleante that they can never get married now.	0
Baby chicks can develop object permanence as soon as 2 days old, while it takes human babies around 7 months.	1
Berwick-upon-Tweed (a place in the United Kingdom) was at war with Russia for 110 years!	1
The new formations had a significantly larger footprint on the march: the 1932 French motorized division took up 52 kilometers of road space compared to 11.5 kilometers for a horse-mounted formation, raising concerns about control and vulnerability.	0
Originally a foe of Daredevil, he was introduced in Daredevil vol.	0
bar:1911 at:1248 fontsize:XS text: 1248 shift:(-8,5)	0
The architecture of the church is Neo-Byzantine.	0
Taylor’s most embarrassing moment is when he accidentally spilt a bottle of water on stage and then slipped later on in his performance.	1
A large fudai domain, Hikone was initially rated at 180,000 koku.	0
After achieving success in French cinema hits such as L&apos;Art (délicat) de la séduction (2001) and Irène (2002), she gained international attention for her lead role in Haute Tension (2003) and Hereafter (2010).	0
As president-elect, Taylor kept his distance from Washington, not resigning his Western Division command until late January 1849.	0
The surviving text of John are verses 1:23-31.33-40; 16:14-30; 20:11-17.19-20.22-25.	0
Pineapple pleco, orange cheek plecoPseudorinelepis spp.	0
There were only 3 unscheduled days when the park had to close – the day of mourning after the Kennedy assassination, after the Northridge earthquake in 1994, and on 9/11.	1
A group of pharmacologically active compounds are extracted mostly from the leaves of the second year's growth, and in pure form are referred to by common chemical names, such as digitoxin or digoxin, or by brand names such as Crystodigin and Lanoxin, respectively.	0
Her birth name was Stephanie Morgan.	1
On a Radio 1 interview, when asked about their greatest fears, Ashton revealed his inner fear of triple chins!	1
The plate also has a very secure ring that is held in place by friction.	0
In 1959, A. F. “Bud” Dudley, a former Villanova University athletic-director, created the Liberty Bowl, an annual post-season college-football bowl game in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	0
A bottle of Coca-Cola has a PH scale of 2.8, and could dissolve a nail in just 4 days	1
Studies have found that Millennials are the least religious generation in six decades, and possibly the United States' whole history.	1
When 2 zebras stand side by side they usually face each other in opposite directions to keep an eye out for predators	1
The first large-scale use of smart weapons came in 1991 during Operation Desert Storm when they were used by coalition forces against Iraq.	0
Before he was a successful novelist, he sold short stories to men’s magazines such as Cavalier.	1
From December 1995, it became the primary staging post for U.S. peacekeeping forces coming and going into the Balkans.	0
Bulaga played left guard in his true freshman year in 2007, and was a starter by mid-season.	0
Another criticism is that the whirling dancers he uses to accompany his shows do not accurately display the correct dervish routines.	0
Brad has Irish, Scottish, German, Seminole and Cherokee Indian roots.	1
A hand clap at the entrance of Golkanda Fort in Hyderabad, India can be heard from atop the fort’s 300-foot summit a half mile away!	1
Nuclear power provides around 14% of the world’s electricity!	1
A Symonds bull used for breeding beef cattle.	0
In China, over 35 million people still live in caves.	1
He is portrayed by Gérard Depardieu in the 2007 film La Môme also known as La Vie en Rose.	0
A special promotional wine glass on a sloping base emphasised the steepness of some parts of the route.	0
2010 - Emmanuel Ngobese, South African footballer (b.	0
As social animals, wolves use different hunting techniques than the solitary cougar, but the two species prey on similar animals.	0
The overall literacy rate is 82.2%, and is 91.1% among males and 72.4% among females.	0
To escape the Earth’s gravity a rocket need to travel at 7 miles a second!	1
His favourite film is I Love You Man.	1
Society activities varies from engineering projects to free lectures in numerous areas.	0
If Ashton was to choose one person for 5SOS to do a duet with, it would be Will Smith.	1
He holds an honorary doctor of music degree.	1
In the United States, Angus and Red Angus cattle are recognized as separate breeds.	0
Decomposition, 7", Kill Rock Stars, 1991	0
In 2017, Tesla, Inc. became the second most valuable car company in the U.S., ahead of Ford Company, even as it's still losing money.	1
The world’s oldest yacht club is The Royal Cork Yacht Club, founded in 1720.	1
His celebrity crush is Jennifer Lawrence.	1
PewDiePie is a big supporter of independent video game producers.	1
A March 11, 2007, posting in the blog Gawker.com listed some of those who work in the media and live in Montclair.	0
Also sang on "Yume no Kawa".	0
La Liga (for South America Only)	0
2003–2005 – Vice president, Russian Railways;	0
The late Steve Irwin and his whole film crew stopped filming in 2003 to aid in a 2 day search and rescue of missing divers.	1
Major cities and towns (population in 1995)	0
The relocation of the feedlots, in turn, impacted corn production.	0
Later in the film, Gorman's creation, the Ultimate Computer, severely weakens Superman with a Kryptonite ray before Gorman has a change of heart and attacks his own machine.	0
In the 16th Century, it was a common belief amongst people that the Mandrake Plant grew only where the ejaculated semen of a dead hanged man touched the ground.	1
Bacterial flagella grow by the addition of flagellin subunits at the tip; archaeal flagella grow by the addition of subunits to the base.	0
Bril is considered a precursor of the Dutch Italianates such as Cornelius van Poelenburgh and Bartholomeus Breenbergh, and, to a certain extent, of the Flemish and Dutch genre painters active in Rome known as the Bamboccianti.	0
Rapid economic growth marked McKinley’s presidency.	0
The 305m (1000ft) single dish Lovell radio telescope in the UK could pick up a mobile phone signal on Mars.	1
When the coronation ceremony of King Oyo, of the Toro Kingdom in Uganda, began, the 3-year-old slid off the throne, ran away, and hid in his mother's lap.	1
For certain sporting events, home advantage may be removed by use of a neutral venue.	0
Jay went to the Charlotte Hamilton School of Dance.	1
Their healthy traits help them to resist common bovine diseases, and common problems in cattle like bloat or ticks are rare in the Brangus cattle.	0
At the 1896 event, silver was awarded to winners and bronze to runners-up, while at 1900 other prizes were given, not medals.	0
She took classes in English literature in New York and learned French in the United States, then departed to Europe in 1950 with a Fulbright for the University of Lyon.	0
There already exists, under the category of psychosis, a diagnosis of shared psychotic disorder where two or more individuals share a particular delusion because of their close relationship with each other.	0
Normally due to an environmental factor or the deactivation of different X chromosomes in female monozygotic twins, and in some extremely rare cases, due to aneuploidy, twins may express different sexual phenotypes, normally from an XXY Klinefelter syndrome zygote splitting unevenly.	0
Jyothika (née Jyothika Sadanah on 18 October 1978) is an Indian actress who predominantly appeared in Tamil films.	0
The emperor had the power to declare war (and make peace), represented the Empire abroad, conclude treaties and alliances, and accredit and receive ambassadors.	0
The band has announced in 2013 that they will be playing live again.	0
In Alaska it is illegal to whisper in someone’s ear while they’re moose hunting.	1
All these strips were then published in the album Capturez un Marsupilami.	0
The creators of the PNG file format wanted it to be pronounced as ‘ping’.	1
The couple divorced 8 May 1937, with Edelmira keeping the title Countess of Covadonga.	0
Because the participants shown having sex in the video were under 18, the videotape constitutes child pornography under federal law.	0
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.	0
Struggles continued for the Phillies to open July, as the Braves completed a three-game series sweep in the first two days of the month; however, a face-off with the Mets over the Independence Day weekend revitalized the team's fortunes.	0
It lacks an analog audio (cue) track as the Digital Betacam, but will read it as channel 7 if used for playback.	0
Estimates suggest the flooding caused by the tropical storm Harvey could destroy up to $20 billion in insured property, making it one of the costliest storms in US history.	1
Mistletoe comes from the mistletan which means “little dung twig” as its spread through bird droppings.	1
It was built in the year A.D. 711, when the Berber chieftain Tariq ibn-Ziyad first landed on the Rock that still bears his name.	0
Dementors hold no loyalty, except with who can provide them with the most people that they can feed upon.	1
However, partisan memoirs insist on the "elimination of enemies especially heinous", such as torturers, spies, provocateurs."	0
Tetlin Junction, Alaska, a community in the United States also known as Forty Mile	0
This implied that the absolute number of S35s produced would be low.	0
As the 20th century rolled on, Balkan cities saw waves upon waves of rural population coming in, especially after World War II, and kafane diversified accordingly.	0
The first ever artificial Christmas tree was a German tree made of dyed goose feathers.	1
Examples include Tibetan singing bowls, temple bells of many sizes and shapes, gongs, Javanese gamelan, and other bronze musical instruments.	0
All the members except Vladimir "Volk" have another band named "Nargathrond" a Pagan/Goth Rock band that they put on hold since the international success of Arkona.	0
Articuno is the only Pokemon that did not appear in Season 1.	1
They are able to reproduce up to 10–15 years of age.	0
Reindeer milk has more fat than cow milk.	1
He was a "doer" of his Tagore generation and worthy successor to his grandfather Dwarkanath and father.	0
Until the middle of the 19th century, ethnic Ukrainians referred to themselves as Ruthenians ("Rusyns" in Ukrainian, "Rutén" in Hungary).	0
They have been around since before the dinosaurs.	1
Official opening is on October 17.	0
50 Years of Photography (Musée de la Vie romantique, Paris)	0
This territory felt under Ottoman Rule in 1455	0
During an era when France was a very powerful nation, often in conflict with Austria, the Austrian ambassador to France, Florimond Claude, Comte de Mercy-Argenteau, was said to have been romantically involved with the queen, but this seems highly unlikely and was disregarded as court gossip.	0
Gandalf spent over 2,000 years in Middle Earth before he sailed across the sea back to the Valinor, also called the Undying Lands.	1
Cougars are predators at the top of the food chain, and their actions are often unpredictable.	1
The family moved from Brixton to Bromley, in Kent.	1
Up to four players can participate in this mode, and each player has to choose a character.	0
John Locke’s last living thoughts were “I don’t understand” – as we found out through the Man in Black.	1
There were 81 housing units at an average density of 82.3 per square mile (31.9/km²).	0
| style="text-align: center;"| 0-19 : 2–13	0
He has won Mark Twain Prize for Comic Brilliance in American College Theatre Festival.	1
By August 1852 there were less than 100 gold diggers and the police presence was reduced to two troopers.	0
Additionally, the film features a cameo appearance by sportscaster Michael Kay and includes Shaquille O&apos;Neal as a cop.	0
Graziano is the author of important publications on rural development, food security, and agrarian economics.	0
[152] Preceding attacks on humans, cougars display aberrant behavior, such as activity during daylight hours, a lack of fear of humans, and stalking humans.	0
Katrina and the Waves were an English rock band best known for the 1985 hit "Walking on Sunshine".	0
Most of the South Vietnamese helicopters were dumped into the ocean to make room on the decks for more aircraft.	0
They were divided into central and lateral tanks, whose dimensions were designed to reduce considerably the risk of pollution caused by collision or grounding.	0
It is obvious that the final moral ideal is not realized in any body of civic institutions actually existing, but the same analysis that demonstrates this deficiency points out the direction that a true development will take.	0
The John LaPorta Quintet (10", Debut, 1954)	0
The actual text in the novel nearly always uses "the Sign of the Four" (the five-word form) to describe the symbol in the story, although the four-word form is used twice by Jonathan Small in his narrative at the end of the story.	0
Joe Satriani (PAF Joe, PAF Pro, FRED, Mo' Joe, Pro Track,Satch Track Neck)	0
Its biggest advantages are repeatability and reproducibility once it is properly configured.	0
Sandra Schmirler Jan Betker Joan McCusker Marcia Gudereit Atina Ford	0
Myrmecophobia is the fear of ants	1
Ramps are native to eastern North America, ranging from the rich, moist	0
The flooded region also allows beavers access to food, especially during the winter.	0
It is estimated that spammers only receive 1 reply for every 12 million emails that they send out.	1
One of the most significant discoveries was in October 1960 when Jane Goodall observed the use of tools among chimpanzees.	0
Whipsnade: Captive Breeding for Survival (1981)	0
Some effects in rare cases were panic attacks, hallucinations, headaches, dizziness, and skin flushing.	0
The shirt made for and worn by Indian Datta Phuge was made from 14,000 pieces of 22 carat gold, by Rankar Jewelers.	1
His openness has brought him both good fortune and trouble.	0
In the early stages of production, Breaking Bad’s Bryan Cranston auditioned for the role of Jerry.	1
Snow served as the first secretary of the LDS women's Nauvoo Female Relief Society in 1842 under the presidency of Emma Smith.	0
Hunting crows is allowed in the United States.	1
In July 1539, they sailed for Spain from Cartagena.	0
He died of an illness in 1611.	0
The full name of Lady Liberty is “Liberty Enlightening the World”.	1
He told reporters the information was being given to them by voices and automatic writing.	0
Burger King was born after its owners visited a McDonald’s and were inspired to open their own version with a newly copyrighted broiler that cooked 12 burgers at once.	1
Subconsciously, it takes at least 6-8 months for the brain to process complete forgiveness for someone who hurt you emotionally.	1
Many Google employees became instant millionaires when Google went public in 2014.	1
Murray took her husband's advice and walked out of her contract with MGM, making a powerful foe of studio boss Louis B. Mayer.	0
Though he missed a match, Hilfenhaus bowled the most out of all Australia's bowlers in the series, sending down 947 deliveries.	0
Initially, she doesn't name him, but after Rousseau kidnaps him, she names him Aaron, begging Charlie and Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews) to bring him back.	0
Andrius Pojavis, (born 25 November 1983 in Jurbarkas, Lithuanian SSR, USSR) is a Lithuanian singer-songwriter.	0
The Fox Broadcasting Company (commonly referred to as Fox or the Fox Network, and stylized as FOX), is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox.	0
Bailliages and présidiaux were also the first court for certain crimes (so-called cas royaux; these cases had formerly been under the supervision of the local seigneurs): sacrilege, lèse-majesté, kidnapping, rape, heresy, alteration of money, sedition, insurrections, and the illegal carrying of arms.	0
Libertyville - A hamlet by the north town line.	0
It featured a pre-CBS smaller headstock (compared to the 1980 "Strat"), a four bolt neck plate, an overwound X-1 pickup (introduced on the 1980 "Strat" model) in the bridge position and a body end truss-rod adjustment without the Bullet nut.	0
Board-a-match, a form of scoring at duplicate bridge	0
Sprite is available in more than 190 countries.	1
Approximately 70% of the freshwater used by humans goes to agriculture and livestock.	1
Although he has trained as an actor, he also got a degree in Communication Studies from UCLA.	1
Purple is the color for epilepsy awareness because of it’s association with lavender, which is a traditional herbal treatment for the disease.	1
Reviewers praised the game's sound effects, cute presentation, and cartoonish graphics.	0
Jason V - Guitar/Bass on (The Berzerker, World of Lies, Animosity)	0
Jean-Félix-Albert-Marie Vilnet, Catholic Bishop and Council Father at Vatican II	0
During their debut performance, Jin’s pants fell down!	1
Peziza may come from the term for foot in Romance languages, perhaps in reference to their general lack of a stalk.	0
The plant of this species regularly produces a flower that is about 36 inches across.	0
One highly specified, five-door, third generation, front-drive model with automatic transmission - and then-rare air conditioning - was imported for an international distributors' conference held in NZ in 1981 and was later used by a company executive's wife before being resold through the company's own dealer network.	0
Chocolate and chili is a well-known combination, but Firebox took it a step further producing the “instant regret chili chocolate” infused with 6.4 million Scoville chili extract.	1
In some cases, the front teeth are in at birth or molars grow abnormally from normal jaws.	0
Exceptions to this classification have recently been discovered in Pseudomonas biofilms.	0
Hurricane Ike made landfall on Galveston Island in the early morning of September 13, 2008 as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 110 miles per hour.	1
About two hours after this attack, Hardegen shelled the Swedish motor ship Korsholm ( ) under British charter, and sank her within twenty minutes.	0
In 2007, Larissa finished only 10th in the league but he managed to bring them the Greek Cup after defeating Panathinaikos 2–1 in the final.	0
A comet’s death can either be from crashing into something large, exploding from being torn apart by the sun’s gravity, or “going extinct” by losing volatile materials and becoming really small lumps of rock.	1
There is a hybrid which is part Cougar and part Leopard known as the Pumapard.	0
Rulers will no longer see it as their duty to promote spirituality, or to protect their subjects: they will become a danger to the world.	0
The word "vodka" is a diminutive form of the Slavic word "voda" (water), interpreted as "little water."	1
Cameron Dallas, another famous Vine star, was listed as one of his close friends.	1
Tommy Lee Jones as Hank Deerfield	0
This could contribute to the observed deficits in performance.	0
California is the only state that has hosted both the Summer and Winter Olympics – the Summer Olympics will be held there once again in 2028.	1
The Viggen will be unpainted to represent the first delivered Viggens as they looked in the early 1970s.	0
Cohen resigned as leader in February 2012.	0
28th December is the fourth day of Christmas.	1
A study has discovered that 8% of all Instagram accounts are fake.	1
The explorer, Strzelecki, also found small specks of gold in the late 1830s.	1
In the society's second tier of favourites are:	0
Rose la Touche rejects John Ruskin for the last time.	0
Johannes Gutenberg carved a textualis typeface – including a large number of ligatures and common abbreviations – when he printed his 42-line Bible.	0
He used only the platinum process, being unsatisfied with any other, and lost interest in photography when platinum became unobtainable following the Russian Revolution.	0
In the popular film, The Godfather, the word “mafia” is never said because the actual mafia commanded it.	1
Just as the jazz concept of "swing" involves performers deliberately playing behind or ahead of the beat, the hip-hop concept of flow is about "funking with one's expectations of time" – that is, the rhythm and pulse of the music.	0
Indeed, a cache of royal jewelry found buried near the Amarna royal tombs (now in the National Museum of Scotland) includes a finger ring referring to Mut, the wife of Amun.	0
The Fortified churches from the Saxon villages in the Burzenland area.	0
She majored in French in Fudan University and was French song contest winner of the second season.	0
While Drew appears to be relieved of the choice for Mack, Molina furiously leaves the draft in New York City to fly back to Cleveland to confront Sonny.	0
In total he made 13 appearances during the season, including featuring in three of the clubs six matches as they reached the FA Cup final.	0
Wild flamingos are pink because they consume vast quantities of algae and insects.	1
Chinese brides traditionally wear red wedding dresses for good luck.	1
René Depestre Le Mât de cocagne	0
Highlighted players are winning the award for a second time.	0
In 2009, her parents Deborah and John got a divorce.	1
If you piled the entire world population inside the Grand Canyon, there wouldn’t be enough people to fill it up.	1
The mountain lion goes by many names, including cougar, catamount, panther, red tiger, deer tiger, and puma.	1
Tennessee State Route 9 (Clinton Highway, Asheville Highway) - follows United States Routes 25W, and additionally in the eastern part of the county, U.S.	0
from the Norse word skeid – meaning ship-assembly, with each sheading providing men for a warship.	0
The kurper competes with the redfin for food and probably also eats young B. erubescens.	0
interpreted the provisions below to find that a person must have an active mind during the sexual activity in order to consent, and that they cannot give consent in advance.	0
Chancheng District is a district under the administration of Foshan city, in Guangdong Province, People&apos;s Republic of China.	0
His paternal father is Irishman, Mickey McFinnigan, the town drunk.	1
Brother's War (2009) – Col. Petrov	0
1964–1992 Member of Musical Advisory Committee to the Irish Episcopal Commission of Liturgy	0
In Travell's final appearance in "Between Two Fires", she offers Tollan ion cannon technology to Stargate Command, later discovered to be part of Tanith's extortion of the Curia.	0
During his 3 years at University, he appeared in 17 plays!	1
Post war investigations were held of Russian naval leaders during those battles in which Tōgō had prevailed, seeking the reasons behind their utter defeat.	0
His main rival was German runner Ingo Schultz who had best times in qualification runs.	0
Christmas on the Underground Suite Opus 150b 1997 Hafabra 15 min	0
Even though she is the sovereign of the United Kingdom, Her Majesty the Queen is not allowed to enter the House of Commons because she is not a member.	1
We don’t know his mother’s name, but Noah’s dad was Lamech.	1
color:pliocene bar:NAM20 from: -5.332 till: 0 text: Tarletonbeania	0
Jan Gunnar Røise as Olav, a Norwegian Snowcat vehicle driver and guide.	0
William's letters to his daughter Suzanna are held by the Library Company in Philadelphia and stored at the Historical Society of Pennsylvania.	0
Their promotional single, ‘Me &amp; My Girls’ hit the US Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart at number 53 and won a 2014 Radio Disney Music Award for “Best Song To Rock Out To With Your BFFs” in.	1
In Belgium, one year of lectures and two years of residency are required.	0
The characters and setting of The O.C.	0
Two members of the band worked together again on Campbell's solo release Music From a Round Tower of 1996.	0
Один против всех Odin Protiv Vseh	0
The ceremony was carried out by the nuncio to Bavaria, Eugenio Pacelli, later Pope Pius XII.	0
In French Zapdos is called ‘Electhor’.	1
She retired from nursing to pursue a musical career.	1
7.8% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 17.1% has completed secondary education.	0
W. Cowan, ed., Papers of the 10th Algonquian Conference, pp.	0
The Muppets Take Manhattan (1984) as Leonard Winesop	0
For example, in his Tunnel in the Sky settlers set out to the planet "New Canaan", via an interstellar teleporter portal across the galaxy, in Conestoga wagons, their captain sporting mustaches and a little goatee and riding a Palomino horse—with Heinlein explaining that the colonists would need to survive on their own for some years, so horses are more practical than machines.	0
It is of small size, stocky and compact.	0
In 1984 Whitney Houston appeared on the soap As The World Turns.	1
Matthias Küntzel, Ulrike Becker, Klaus Thörner et al., Elefanten Press, Berlin, 1997	0
Banksy was a member of the graffiti guerrilla gang, Dry Bread Z Crew in Bristol.	1
But who is this man falling from the skies?	0
is a 1991 anime film, which was Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino's attempt to launch a new Gundam saga, set thirty years after Char&apos;s Counterattack and twenty seven years after Gundam Unicorn.	0
See also Chaetodon tricinctus (Three-striped Butterflyfish) and Three-banded Butterflyfish.	0
Costacciaro is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 40 km northeast of Perugia.	0
At the end of 2016, it was announced that Freddie’s next role was baby-faced Nelson in A&amp;E’s drama pilot Baby Face, which he co-wrote and is an executive producer with Kerry Ehrin, who has written a fair few episodes of Bates Motel.	1
The official specification required that the airliner, designated Il-62, must carry 165 economy-class passengers over a distance of 4,500 km (2,800 mi) or 100 first class passengers over 6,700 km (4,200 mi).	0
James became the number one contender for the Women's Title on December 12 by defeating Victoria in a match to determine who would face Stratus at New Year's Revolution.	0
Best known as a producer and director, Keach has also acted, most famously portraying Jesse James in the 1980 film The Long Riders, a film which he co-wrote and produced.	0
It is believed that the Red Wolf (also known in Latin as ‘Canis Rufus‘) is to be a cross-breed of Grey Wolf and coyote.	1
There is a monetary system called the 'gold standard' which fixes a unit of money to a certain weight of gold.	1
In 1881, Hugo was recognised by a group of Belgians who broke his windows and doors, shouting “Down with Victor Hugo, Down with Jean Valjean!”	1
53,400 employees have received over 64 courses through Samsung’s HR Development Centre since 1993.	1
Whilst only a few economics graduates may be expected to become professional economists, many find it a base for entry into a career in finance – including accounting, insurance, tax and banking, or management.	0
The Rays won all three games both years they visited Champion Stadium.	0
The word old English word 'juke' meaning dancing lends its name to the juke box	1
He has a pet dog called Jesse.	1
Bronze sculptures, although known for their longevity, still undergo microbial degradation; such as from certain species of yeasts.	0
As gyroscopes keep their rotation axis constant, angles measured in a gyro frame are equivalent to angles measured in the lab frame.	0
This state of affairs is a result of the Jewish tradition, which requires Jews to wait for the messiah, their prince; while waiting, they cannot pledge allegiance to any other prince."	0
Initially the goal was to develop a fully compliant XMPP server with backward compatibility with an informal XMPP specification.	0
Other than its orbit, radius of 27 km, and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it.	0
His work is explicated well in P. Adams Sitney's book.	0
It has been classed as one of the world’s most influential novels.	1
Worth was born in Essex, and grew up in Buckinghamshire.	1
The average westerner uses around 100 toilet rolls each year.	1
George Michael would feature three artistically differentiated arrangements of "I Want Your Sex" in 1987, highlighting the potential of "serial productions" of a piece to find markets and expand the tastes of listeners.	0
Backed by labels Secretly Canadian and Mute Records, Yeasayer released their second studio album, Odd Blood, in February 2010, featuring more pop music influences than earlier work.	0
Lastly, from 2007 the event includes all the young cycling categories from 7 to 16 years with the Coppa di Sera, a race for male and female beginners that follows an inner course in Borgo Valsugana.	0
In May 2013, the Brentford staff forged links with Ugandan lower league club Gulu United as part of the "United for United" project, aimed at forming the region's first youth training camp and identifying talented players.	0
; alternative ISBN on back cover, 0-19-506002-4	0
With such combat ability, Giant Anteaters are considered by some governments to be dangerous animals, that should not be approached in the wild.	1
He appeared as Darth Vader in the spoofs of Star Wars.	1
An office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet	1
He succeeded in establishing his own newspaper at Tehran, Shafaq-e Sorkh (Red Dawn), which lasted from 1 March 1922 until 18 March 1935.	0
The Aztec word for gold, "teocuitatl," was translated meaning "excrement of the gods.”	0
In 2008, he became known for the role of Bill Compton in the HBO show True Blood.	1
If Marie Curie's work helped overturn established ideas in physics and chemistry, it has had an equally profound effect in the societal sphere.	0
Toaru Majutsu no Index II - Awaki Musujime	0
Joey Don Essex was born on Sunday, 29th July 1990 in Brentwood, England.	1
The bigeye thresher, Alopias superciliosus, is next in size, reaching a length of 4.9 m (16 ft); at just 3 m (10 ft), the pelagic thresher, Alopias pelagicus, is the smallest.	0
On 21 May 2006 during an interview on the Italian talk show Che Tempo Che Fa, Ferro talked about his worldwide travels and how he always feels pressured to praise the foreign countries he visits.	0
The club finished in the second place, two points behind Chivas.	0
She’s said before that she’s very good with children and loves looking after babies.	1
In Mail.app v4.5, this feature does not exist anymore, but see here how the X-Image-URL header used by was set.	0
The Statue of Liberty in New York City, was a gift from the people of France to the US.	1
Ya Konan began his career at homeland club U.S. Lecce, which has produced players such as Kolo Touré and Didier Zokora.	0
Miley was an avid church participant growing up, even wearing a purity ring.	1
Plans are underway for the construction of a Zoo around the source of the Nile in Jinja.	0
From 1995 to 2005, Khatami's administration successfully reduced the rate of fall in the value of the Iranian rial bettering even the record of Mousavi.	0
Smoking a cigarette burns roughly 10 Calories.	1
Park (2) 13', 63', Owen 25', Hernández 47', Valencia 60', J. Evans 69', Nani 82' (pen.)	0
Repression affected trade-unionists of large firms, such as Ford, Fiat, Renault, Mercedes Benz, Peugeot, Chrysler etc., and was sometimes carried on with support from the firms' executives and from the trade-unionist bureaucracies.	0
A 1930 MGM film starring Marion Davies was called The Florodora Girl.	0
Eleanor Selfridge-Field, Venetian Instrumental Music, from Gabrieli to Vivaldi.	0
As a child, he went to Holy Trinity Roman Catholic school in Newark.	1
His full name is Donald John Trump.	1
Monte Urano is an important center of shoe production, ranging from man, woman to child shoes, and it is therefore the site of many footwear factories.	0
The show ran for 97 episodes over four seasons, before it was cancelled; its final episode was broadcast on April 26, 1999.	0
One of the lab technicians who helped create the world's first atomic bomb was named Mr Doom.	1
At the age of 15, he dropped out of school to pursue a musical career.	1
Marmite was first introduced into the UK in 1902.	1
When anaesthetic was used for the first time in childbirth in 1847, the mother was so amazed and relieved at how painless the birth was that she named her child Anaesthesia!	1
La mosquée bleue à Tauris, Montpellier	0
Witsken's biggest singles win was at the 1986 US Open, where he beat 5-time US Open champion, Jimmy Connors, 6-2, 6-4, 7-5, in their third round match.	0
Syllables do not begin with consonant clusters, CC, however, there is an exception to this rule described below in initial /i-/ deletion that will result with a syllable *CCV .	0
Associations including the Irish International Freight Association and FIATA help maintain the professionalism of this industry through educational and representative roles.	0
Barbados is the most developed Caribbean island country, and is also in the top 5 most developed countries in the Western hemisphere, alongside the U.S. and Canada.	1
Wolf-Christian von Ditfurth (born March 14, 1953 in Würzburg, Lower Franconia) is a German author and historian.	0
He screamed when Justin Bieber followed him on Twitter.	1
It is the colour most preferred by men.	1
GM stated at the time that it hoped the sale would save about 3,000 jobs in the US.	0
According to the U.K. public, “good” is 6.92 out of 10.pic.twitter.com/9SGQEVRwsU	1
Germany did initially deliver some floating cranes, five aircraft, an electrode shop, several gun turrets (with fire control apparatuses and spare parts), two submarine periscopes and additional ship construction tools.	0
The middle class that was already forming by that time had some hope for stability.	0
Upon seeing his brother appearing disoriented across the street, Abu-Jamal ran to him from the parking lot and was shot by a police officer.	0
The first potatoes were cultivated in Peru about 7,000 years ago!	1
On August 19, 1977 the nineteenth (including prototypes) and last machine was completed.	0
The two first fields must be square in form with the height of 3/7 of the flag's height.	0
It is a component of the naturally occurring peptides carnosine and anserine and also of pantothenic acid (vitamin B 5 ), which itself is a component of coenzyme A.	0
He made his debut for Argentina national football team on 29 February 2012 in a friendly match against Switzerland, where Argentina won 3–1.	0
One-star - Brigadier general in the Army, Marine Corps, and Air Force and rear admiral (lower half) in the Navy, Coast Guard, PHSCC, and NOAACC	0
Seven decades later, these accusations against Massey resulted in a campaign in Windsor, Ontario, to rename a high school that had originally been named in his honour.	0
In this case the father opposed circumcision while the mother asserted that not circumcising the child was against her religious beliefs.	0
", Gaston Bachelard (La formation de l'esprit scientifique, 1934).	0
OPO coordinators enter donor information into the program and run the respective lists.	0
When Elon Musk put a Tesla car in space, he also put a copy of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (and a towel) in the glovebox.	1
An arrow frog has enough poison to kill over 2,200 people	1
A cat can keep purring while inhaling and exhaling	1
( It should also be noted that this organizations exists within a system of clans, in which lineage is traced maternally.	0
The Bengal tiger is the national animal of Bangladesh and India.	1
Bede relates an anecdote that the British bishops consulted a wise hermit as to how to respond to Augustine when he arrived for the second council.	0
2000-01Astana-64 (Zhenis)Irtysh1 - 1 aet (5-4 pen)K.Munaitpasov Stadium, Astana	0
When two people share a dislike of another person, it brings them closer.	1
Top 50 Albums of 2008 (#37)	0
The main economic activity continues to be agriculture, most notably corn and bananas.	0
In Soulcalibur IV, Maxi managed to kill Astaroth, though he had decided not to kill himself and instead went to train with Edge Master to control the shards of Soul Edge in his body, which had stopped his body from aging.	0
He also won two World Cup and FIS Races in his career (1989, 1997)	0
The stage before frostbite is called “frostnip”.	1
At the town of Teanum Sidicinum, Sulla and Asiagenus met face to face to negotiate and Asiagenus surrendered without a fight.	0
Chelsea won their 4th title in 6 years, and seventh overall, with a 2-1 victory over Liverpool.	0
He is married to Lois, the daughter of the wealthy Pewterschmidt family.	1
1842 first elected in 1891 as Liberal member for Simcoe East, Ontario.	0
Philip of Macedonia — Amos's albino crocodile, later identified as a shabti.	0
Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory (Producer).	0
The Franzosengrab ("Frenchmen's Grave") on Brunnenstraße recalls the many victims of the fighting and epidemics.	0
She lived with actor Kenneth Branagh from 1994 to 1999.	1
The two went on to have significant comedy careers in film and television.	0
Learning of Ichigo battling Quilge, Yhwach decides to have the Stern Ritter invade the Soul Society.	0
He played a man working in a local smoothie shop and sparked a romantic interest in Tina Fey's character.	0
But the British effected the Third Anglo-Burmese War, which lasted less than two weeks during November 1885.	0
A port for the original 128k Macintosh followed in 1984.	0
After they get back from their honeymoon, Bree pretends she is pregnant, intending to raise her grandchild herself.	0
His five biggest influences are Craig David, Usher, Ne-yo, Chris Brown and Justin Timberlake.	1
This option gives ranchers the ability to keep records of breedings and produce consistent offspring.	0
Danny Watts Richard Meins Frank Yu	0
Zayn didn’t have a passport before he was on X Factor.	1
File:Gold torque 1.jpg|Gold Celtic torc found in Vix, France, 480 BC; see text.	0
Gornja Grabovica is a village in the municipality of Valjevo, Serbia.	0
Pages containing the Blumine have been folded over, indicating deletion.	0
MasterChef Australia (Season 4) – Tim Toni (Network Ten)	0
24 Hours of Le Mans results	0
Unused lithium batteries provide a convenient source of lithium metal for use as a reducing agent in methamphetamine labs.	0
In parts of Germany, the Netherlands, and Russia, the orange fruit was and is still called the Chinese apple.	0
On September 2, 1344, Jean II ceded the noble fiefdom of Vichy to Duke Pierre I of Bourbon.	0
This modified plan was still not quick enough and the residents of Maracaibo were able to escape with their valuables before the buccaneers arrived.	0
Independent or Refugee team athletes that win gold at the Rio Olympics will use the Olympic anthem and stand under the Olympic flag.	1
He sampled Chaka Khan’s vocals on his track ‘Through the Wire’, but she wasn’t prepared to let Kanye release the single until her son talked her into it a couple of weeks later.	1
Flamingos can only eat when their heada are upside down	1
He was born in Devon, England.	1
The Fulton Street station on the IRT Broadway – Seventh Avenue Line is being rehabilitated.	0
For the first segment, Julius Pokorny gives the most sweeping view, deriving it from an Indo-European root *ang-, "to bend, bow."	0
At Dahl's urging, in early 1943, a revised version of the story, The Gremlins was published as a picture book by Random House (later updated and re-published in 2006 by Dark Horse Comics).	0
Wolves hunt in packs by stalking and attacking old, sick or weak animals.	1
He is defeated by Aquaman and Batman, and eventually killed while in jail.	0
File:Brain MRI 112010 rgbca.png|MRI image showing sinusitis.	0
His final play, The Two Noble Kinsmen, was written in 1613, when Shakespeare was 49 years old – just three years before he died.	1
Upon her death, King Christian VI allowed for public mourning and arranged to have her buried in Roskilde Cathedral, although to keep her from being buried with his father in the retroquire, he purchased the Trolle family chapel in the west end of the cathedral, and arranged for her and her children to be buried there.	0
Regular weeding is a must and can either be done manually or by using herbicides.	0
He scored his first NHL goal on January 10, 2012 against Sergei Bobrovsky of the Philadelphia Flyers.	0
He owns a 1960’s 650cc Triumph Bonneville motorcycle.	1
bar:rivero from: 1968 till: 1972 color:nato text:"Horacio Rivero Jr."	0
For most herds, milking took place indoors twice a day, in a barn with the cattle tied by the neck with ropes or held in place by stanchions.	0
Wayne was brought up as a Roman Catholic with his younger brothers.	1
A cats urine glows under a blacklight	1
Although terrestrial, pumas can swim and climb trees when they need to.	1
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
For the German market, a new song called "You Rain" was recorded and "Big Blue Wall" was remixed.	0
A queen bee can lay up to 3,000 eggs in one day	1
They become angry and threaten to call the police.	0
Most armadillos are incapable of rolling into a ball because they have too many plates which limit their flexibility.	1
There are at least 1 million advertisers on Instagram.	1
Coke is used as a form of pesticide in some areas of India including Chattisgarh due to the price being much lower than commercial pesticides.	1
10 July 2014 – Matrei in Osttirol to Sankt Johann im Pongau,	0
Jeff Winkless - Negata / Henchman / Newscaster	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.	1
Good men, however, lived lives of plenty, and were neither sick nor aged.	0
Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science	0
Only one baby koala is born per year to a female.	1
New Paris as well as nearby Greenville, Ohio and Richmond, Indiana were selected for this honor because of strong Union support during the Civil War, and to avoid a route passing through the Copperhead (Anti-War) hotbeds of Dayton and Cincinnati.	0
The name Lemur is actually Latin for “spirits of the night”.	1
Jessie J studied at the BRIT School.	1
92% of girls would give up all of their social networking friends if it meant keeping their best friend.	1
Facebook has a blue color scheme because the creator, Mark Zuckerberg cannot see the colors red &amp; green.	1
He also studied at the University of Paris.	1
NatureMapping - Project CAT (Cougars and Teaching)	0
Because of his fear of spoons, he eats ice-cream with a fork.	1
His sister got married during the filming of LOST, which meant that he could not attend the wedding.	1
Brown believed that terrorism, fraud, and eventually deadly attacks became the obvious agenda of the slavery supporters, then known as "Border Ruffians."	0
From 1630 to 1718 a millia was 5 564 feet (1696 meters), making a geographical league of four millias to be 22 256 feet (6784 m or 3.663 modern nautical miles).	0
G7 Method, a printing industry specification developed by IDEAlliance.	0
The elephant has enough control over their power to be able grasp and lift a raw egg with the trunk without breaking the shell.	1
Mars is the only planet to be solely occupied by man-made robots!	1
On June 1, 1929 the city of Saskatoon was given a "License For Air Harbour" and the airport was established.	0
The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.	1
In a repeat of the 1994 final, United's opponents in the final were Aston Villa.	0
The species of this genus are found in south and southeast Asia and in Oceania, with the exception of Isometrus maculatus which is pantropical.	0
As with other Pseudophryne species the male stays with the eggs in the nest site and may mate with more than one female.	0
, the most difficult grade was 5.15c.	0
Each lap contained a climb of the Ponte delle Pietre, a long climb with an average gradient of over 7% – with certain sections of the climb maxing out at 10% – while the final kilometre saw a slight rise in the road at 2%, with riders also having to negotiate a left-hand corner on the Via Repubblica in the closing metres.	0
Congdon offered Benchley an advance of $1,000 leading to the novelist submitting the first 100 pages.	0
Donald Trump made his bones, or made his first really big real estate deal happened in Manhattan with the remodeling of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in 1978.	1
Devon Bull gained one pound for each 5.22 pounds of 60% TDN ration consumed.	0
Saturn is so big that Earth could fit into it whooping 755 times!	1
Other than these two titular characters, Beth is the only other character to have her name in an episode, in Season 3’s The ABC’s of Beth.	1
Class MB Baggage-mail car: NYC 5018;	0
While the Chinese thought this troop number sufficient, Lê Lợi's army by this point was much bigger at about 350,000 men.	0
20% of China's plants are used in medicine	1
The two tiny holes drilled in every BIC pen is to ensure that the air pressure is the same both inside and outside the pen, which helps the ink flow to the tip.	1
Walt Disney has won the most Oscars ever, this stands at 26.	1
They are able to reproduce up to 10–15 years of age.	0
Leader of the House of Commons	0
December 4, 1973 – March 9, 1979	0
// Return public pointers to functions or properties	0
His school record includes long periods of absence during which time he was tutored at home, at first by Emilia Glauda and then by Marisa Zini, daughter of philosopher Zino Zini.	0
Since her solo career began, Ronstadt has fought hard to be recognized as a solo female singer in the world of rock, and her portrayal on the Time cover did not appear to help the situation.	0
Mixing types or order of alcoholic drink has no affect on the severity of your hangover.	1
Katz left Allen-Bradley in 1986 to work for Graysoft, a Milwaukee-based software company.	0
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793.	0
A newborn Holstein calf weighs about 100 pounds and can walk within one hour after birth!	0
Guia de Catalunya, Barcelona:Caixa de Catalunya.	0
Their single, Miss Movin’ On reached certified Gold as acknowledged by the RIAA in June 2014.	1
Natural monument No, 88 (designated on Dec. 3, 1962).	0
Apart from the role of Gollum, Andy Serkis also voiced the black riders !	1
The Jimma Institute of Public Health (part of Jimma University) operates a teaching center for health care in Agaro.	0
Each state had as many electors as they had members in the Confederate Congress (senators + representatives).	0
He would directly confront the villains, and displayed no supernatural abilities apart from his uncanny ability to appear where and when he is needed and to disappear just as mysteriously, with nobody ever seeing him coming or going.	0
He was later traded to the Boston Bruins and then to the New York Islanders, playing parts of those seasons with each team's respective minor league teams.	0
Due to the inaccessibility of the area there was only a small Omeo gold rush.	0
There have been seven seasons of the show.	1
Mikey’s favourite thing about being in 5SOS is getting to meet all the fans.	1
This usually does not affect the sound significantly, as long as the fabric is lightweight.	0
4 – 4, 3 – 1	0
According to Liudprand of Cremona, in about 889 a ship carrying twenty adventurers from Pechina near Almería in what was then called Al-Andalus anchored in the Gulf of Saint-Tropez in Provence.	0
Based on immigration and other official records, it appears that Evia altered his surname to de Evia sometime after 1942, at which time he was using the professional name Edgar D. Evia.	0
An ongoing theme in the series is Buffy's complex relationship to her destiny as the current Slayer and how she uniquely expresses this role, and this plot element is further explored in season four in general, and in the episode "Restless" in particular.	0
Before One Direction, Harry used to be in a band called ‘White Eskimo’.	1
Chocolate gives you a more intense mental high and gets your heart pounding more than kissing.	1
Flavie Flament is the daughter of Jean-Paul Lecanu, a former professional football player for Stade Malherbe de Caen (1970–1974), currently employed by the SNCF, and an employee of the French state children's protection agency, Aide sociale à l'enfance (ASE).	0
The 50 tallest mountains on Earth are all located in Asia !The air at the summit of Mount Everest , 29,029 feet is only a third as thick as the air at the sea level!	1
Up to now, a maximum of 16-source devices are manufactured.	0
He scored seven times during Hearts progress to the League Cup final in October 1954, including home and away goals against Celtic in the initial group stage.	0
’’This article is based on the from the French Wikipedia, consulted on April 13th 2009.’’	0
March 27 – The National Association of Amateur Base Ball Players disbands.	0
They have five children: Emmanuel, Elisabeth, Yaël, David and Mikhal, as well as fourteen grandchildren.	0
The Lion King was originally called “King of the Jungle”... until the Disney team remembered that lions don’t live in the jungle.	1
Liberator (Nedor Comics) was a Nedor Comics superhero from the Golden Age of Comics	0
In 1916, the German Empire allowed citizens to take passport photos with their dogs.	1
Prior to this, six round-robin matches, one semi-final and final live on BBC until 2013.	0
The naming of hurricanes and tropical storms officially began in 1953.	1
Voldemort in French means “flight of death”.	1
1976La Dernière femmeBest Actor Marco Ferreri	0
Johnson was chosen as Shadow Chancellor in Ed Miliband's first shadow cabinet, appointed on 8 October 2010.	0
He is 5′ 10″ (1.78 m) tall.	1
FUGUES’ informed commentary on a variety of topics—including nightlife, dining, entertainment, politics, community issues, fashion, travel, sports and celebrity— informs a community and engages an influential and loyal readership.	0
On average, a person has 4-6 dreams every night!	1
It is now dead and it may be seen stuffed in Mr. Rothschild's	0
Leopards can hear five times better that us humans.	0
Because the price of the 750 Super Sport was very similar to 900, very few 750s were produced with the majority of them being shipped to Australia, Germany or staying in Italy for racing applications.	0
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result	0
Examples of military systems that use communication satellites are the MILSTAR, the DSCS, and the FLTSATCOM of the United States, NATO satellites, United Kingdom satellites (for instance Skynet), and satellites of the former Soviet Union.	0
Bekmambetov followed up Day Watch with the smash hit The Irony of Fate 2 (2007).	0
Your most active muscles are in your eye	1
Depending on where you are in the Canyon, temperatures can range from -10 to 110 Fahrenheit (-23 to 43 Celsius).	1
In 1986 Hohwacht was awarded the status of a Baltic health resort.	0
After the operations, Çatlı was distanced from the MİT for engaging in criminal activities for personal gain.	0
When a chicken gets its head cut off, it can run the length of a football field before dropping dead.	1
Built mainly in the 15th century in Brabantine Gothic style, the church has a cruciform floor plan and a low bell tower that has never been completed.	0
2007 Best Adventure Film, Squamish International Mountain Film Festival, Canada	0
Due to gravitational effects you weigh is slightly less when the moon is directly overhead	1
Italians eat over sixty pounds of pasta, per person, per year.	1
In Texas, cougars are listed as nuisance wildlife and any person holding a hunting or a trapping permit can kill a cougar regardless of the season, number killed, sex or age of the animal.	0
Toucan’s take shelter in hollowed out trees usually created by Woodpeckers.	1
Miley’s tattoo on finger symbolises her support for gay rights.	1
The Byzantine empire continued to prosper, however.	0
Marie Curie’s notebooks are still radioactive!	1
All the letter combinations from aaa.com to zzz.com have already been registered.	1
Cronstedtite is a major constituent of CM chondrites, a carbonaceous chondrite group exhibiting varying degrees of aqueous alteration.	0
The Buddha is seated on a lotus throne with legs crossed.	0
A hard boiled eggs spin (uncooked or soft boiled don�t)	1
Swan eggs take between 35 and 42 days to hatch.	1
Ditto has the same cry as Poliwag.	1
Agenesis of the corpus callosum (ACC) is a rare birth defect (congenital disorder) in which there is a complete or partial absence of the corpus callosum.	0
1277 The oldest deed mentioning the town of Třebíč.	0
One prime figure here is the late writer and researcher William H. Whyte.	0
Buffalo Springfield, a folk rock band	0
Dancing on a Dance Mat for 10 minutes will burn 50-60 Calories.	1
Showing the audience a halibut flatfish, he explains how they evolved from an upright swimming ancestor with one eye on each side of the head into a bottom-hugging flatfish with a distorted set of eyes on one side of the body.	0
If you have an encounter with aggressive wildlife, please alert the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources (UDWR) office near you.	0
Saint Anthony is the Patron Saint of lost things.	1
The furniture is from the 17th century, the Moses-chair was carved in 1824.	0
The unicorn is the official animal of Scotland, used because of its nobility and purity.	1
Early-day establishments included the first newspaper, the Konawa Chief, hardware and drug stores, lumberyards, a blacksmith, and a bank.	0
Duncan led the 1996–97 NCAA Division I in rebounding, was 10th in blocked shots (3.3 bpg) and 28th in scoring (20.8 ppg ).	0
Having discovered the entrance, Solomon found an idol inside that had in its mouth a silver tablet saying in Greek (a language not thought by modern scholars to have existed 1000 years before the time of Solomon) that the statue was of Shaddad, the son of 'Ad, and that it had reigned over a million cities, rode on a million horses, had under it a million vassals and slew a million warriors, yet it could not resist the angel of death.	0
May 17 Lethbridge 5, Oshawa 4 OT	0
Over the past few years, his hair has been dyed grey, green, pink, purple, blue and many more colours!	1
Hungary even founded a whole new village, Beloiannisz for Greek refugees, while a large concentration of such Greeks were resettled in the former Sudeten German region of northern Czechoslovakia centred around Krnov (Jegendorff).	0
However, the song has gone from single to being an iTunes exclusive (bonus track), because the song didn't fit with the album's motif.	0
October 25 – Kyeema, an Australian National Airways Douglas DC-2 crashes in heavy fog into Mount Dandenong in Victoria, Australia, killing all 18 people on board.	0
An astronaut can be up to 2 inches taller returning from space (the cartilage disks in the spine expand in the absence of gravity)	1
Fox became enthusiastic about working with Jackson when he saw Heavenly Creatures at the Toronto International Film Festival.	0
In 1446 he held a diocesan synod and died in the following year.	0
At the castle, Xander surprises the giant-sized Dawn with a gift: her trunk full of clothes and articles enlarged to fit her.	0
144.800 MHz – South Africa, Europe, Russia	0
Having temporarily lost territory as a result of the Treaty of Brétigny, the kingdom was again divided by the Treaty of Tours (1420).	0
The score is titled: Music-theatre on the life and times of Errol Flynn, in three scenes, three solos, four duets, a mad song and an interlude.	0
Although she believes in God, she does not believe as strongly as Craig does.	0
TaCl 5 is electrophillic and it behaves like a Friedel-Crafts type catalyst, similar to AlCl 3 .	0
Magneton has been used by more rival characters than any other Pokémon.	1
"Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America" was the only official name in use until 1964.	0
The sacred scriptures of this language are collectively known as Pali Canon and they consist of different Mahayana Sutras.	1
I'll save it for a later date.	0
Zeppo Marx owned the company during WW2 that made the straps holding the first atomic bomb.	1
Banana is an Arabic word for fingers!	1
His father would often beat him when he played the wrong notes.	1
The constantly high quality of Jermuk mineral water is assured by the use of contemporary machinery, through the efforts of capable experts, and thanks to the continuous supervision of the factory's central laboratory.	0
You're more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider	1
There is a Madam Tussaud’s Wax Museum here that features figures just as striking as they would be at the museum’s home location in London.	1
Westland put forward their P.14, essentially an adaptation of Westland's Whirlwind fighter layout (and a more experimental twin, the P.13) to meet Air Ministry Specification F.4 of 1940 for a high altitude fighter.	0
The Earth is 4.56 billion years old , the same age as the Moon and the Sun!	1
Husband and wife shared a love of adventure and the outdoor life, but a shadow was cast over them by his habit of gambling for high stakes; eventually his ancestral home and estate at Bosworth were sold to pay his debts.	0
Davies was born in Kensington, Liverpool to working-class Catholic parents, the youngest child in a family of ten children.	0
Some smaller, more loosely organised groups in Central Africa regard Kimbangu as God's prophet.	0
Concordia Language Villages (CLV), previously the International Language Villages, is a world-language and culture education program whose mission is to prepare young people for responsible citizenship in the global community.	0
New stations are to be built in Schwetzingen-Hirschacker, Schwetzingen Nord and Graben-Neudorf Süd.	0
The stopper in the base suggests it was used for total immersion which was practised until the 9th century.	0
Red Bull holds a yearly running competition called Wings for Life which raises money to donate to research for spinal cord injuries and parapalegia.	1
One common mistake made with chimpanzees is thinking that they are monkeys when they are actually apes.	1
FLAB – Fédération Luxembourgeoise des Amateurs de Billard	0
The eye has amazing healing powers: it can filter out dust, dirt and heal scratches in under 48 hours.	1
Pullo later states to Octavian that Vorenus "didn't make it."	0
He claimed that the pillars were related to King Solomon and gave them the name "Solomon's Pillars".	0
Yonder, in the direction of Brittany, there is an invisible 'Madonna' barring the way."	0
Chinese Taoism personified it as the Fu star.	0
Elvis subsequently purchased Blackhawks manufactured for him by the Stutz Motor Company in 1971, 1972 and 1973.	0
The phrase entered American political parlance to denote a political process which is not open to scrutiny.	0
The request element specifies how to represent the input, what types are required and any specific HTTP headers that are required.	0
His favourite animal is the great white shark.	1
In 2004, the first series of Family Guy toy figurines was released by Mezco Toyz, each member of the Griffin family had their own toy, with the exception of Stewie, of whom two different figures were made.	0
To ‘hang ten’ in surfing, means to have all 10 toes over the edge of the board when riding a wave.	1
The text provides rules for the interpretation of the Vedas and also provides philosophical justifications for the observance of Vedic rituals, by offering meaning and significance of Vedic rituals to attain Moksha.	0
After the Tour, Sastre ended up focusing on the Vuelta a Espana looking to double his victories.	0
While the series has a reputation for being oval centric, there has always been at least one road course on the schedule since its inception.	0
His work often features very vivid blues and yellows which often take up most of the image, and the film's grain structure often switches between well-defined and sharp, and somewhat smoothed over or very fine.	0
Most people are happiest at 7:26 PM on Saturday night!	1
| 3 || 0 || 23.0 || .400 || .000 || .000 || 6.3 || .7 || .0 || 1.7 || 2.7	0
Studies show that men are put off by a group of loud women!	1
There is optional indentation for a cleaner outline view.	0
24 January 200719 June 2009 ( )	0
Siva Kaneswaran started his career in modeling at age 16.	1
Ditters' early work laid the groundwork for his later more important compositions.	0
He soon left to travel in South America and Europe.	0
12" A Zildjian Special Recording Hi-hat Bottom	0
Arthur J. Weaver, 22nd Governor of Nebraska	0
The name Milky Way derives from the Greek “galaxías kýklos” or “milky circle” due to its appearance as a dim milky band in the sky.	1
Many cows produce in excess of 40 litres per day and 300 day lactations over 10,000 litres are not uncommon.	1
Dogs sweat through the pads on their feet	1
Likewise, Spanish speaking parts of the world also find Tuesday to be an unlucky day.	1
The Guinness World Record for the most words known, belongs to Puck the parrot who knew more than 1,700 words.	1
In early February 2014, band announced in their official Facebook page, that their new drummer is Atte Palokangas (Agonizer, Before the Dawn)	0
Guy Robert, Riopelle ou la poétique du geste, Éditions de l'homme, Montréal, 1970	0
Hayes has a pet dog called Zan, he often tweets photos with him.	1
10 percent of the tweets have emoticons in them.	1
Leopards are super-fast and they can run at speeds of up to 36 miles (58km) per hour.	1
Margaret, dreadfully disturbed by this, confronts Henry about his ill-treatment of Jacky, which she regards as a moral transgression.	0
It migrates north in winter for breeding and can be seen by the coasts of Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Chile, Namibia, Mozambique, Peru, Tristan de Cunha, Uruguay, Madagascar, New Zealand and South Africa.	0
This research, which looked at incidences of pauperism in the East End of London, showed that 35% were living in abject poverty — even higher than the original figure.	0
On average, the body takes around 12 hours to totally digest food that you’ve just eaten.	1
He has a tattoo of a lion and a monkey on his bum.	1
After two years at Swan's and having decided against a career in the RAF after two weeks at an officer training camp, he decided on a career in acting.	0
Daniel B. Wesson II (1916–1978) was the great-grandson throughout its history.	0
"Placenta" comes from Latin, meaning "cake."	1
Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”	1
She is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.	1
Consistent with this hypothesis, Gordon Gallup found that chimps and orangutans, but not little monkeys or terrestrial gorillas, demonstrated self-awareness in mirror tests.	0
The Canton of Bern school system provides one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of primary school.	0
In addition, BCCS has recognized Charolais has the potential as a	0
California has some weird laws – in Blythe, California, it is illegal to wear cowboy boots unless you own a minimum of two cows.	1
In the 1862 Peninsula Campaign, Warren commanded his regiment at the Siege of Yorktown and also assisted the chief topographical engineer of the Army of the Potomac, Brig.	0
Although usually referred to in the singular, Bermuda consists of 181 islands.	1
Albert Einstein's last words were heard by no one else, except the nurse at his side who didn't understand German.	1
Station is also served by South Florida Regional Transportation Authority's Tri-Rail	0
Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.	1
The Qing Zang train in Tibet travels at such high altitude it has to heat its toilet water to stop it freezing.	1
Starbucks has found small tables specifically to make solo customers feel less alone.	1
Bill Frost was a Welsh inventor who apparently took to the air 8 years before the Wright brothers in his ‘Flying Machine’ in Saundersfoot 1895 before crashing into a tree.	1
The novel opens with a statement of veracity, where the author claims to be writing no fiction and no pedantic history.	0
The band named their phoenix logo Mithra.	1
The fear of cooking is known as Mageirocophobia and is a recognized phobia.	1
The giant armadillos that reach 59 inches can have up to 100 teeth.	1
He is the son of Joseph, a commercial education teacher, and Edith, a secretary at Stuyvesant High School.	0
The British House of Lords, as the court of last appeal outside Scotland before the creation of the UK Supreme Court, was not strictly bound to always follow its own decisions until the case London Street Tramways v London County Council AC 375.	0
The temperature around the heat shield rose to and at the same time, there was a two minute radio blackout due to ionization of the air around the spacecraft.	0
L.M.007); the record included a reworked version of "By The Rivers Of Babylon."	0
Figure humaine (12 voices) (1943), FP 120	0
For the first part of the story, the action centers around Kazuya before shifting gears to Triton.	0
The “Godfather” actor, James Caan, briefly got back into the limelight many years after the movie with a lead role in the show, Las Vegas.	1
ET was voiced by a woman who smoked two cigarette packs a day; so that was her real voice.	1
Saturday is the official day of rest in Israel, where all government offices and most businesses, including public transportation, are closed.	1
Some individual dolphins do not always go to a bay to rest; however, in Hawaii, dolphins do seem to return to the same site each trip.	0
Proving the win was not an upset, they went on to defeat the Dudley Boyz in a rematch for the title.	0
When the IRA moved the regatta to other venues, the Mid-Hudson Rowing Association was formed to preserve rowing in the area.	0
He was also inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame on April 22, 2006 and the Hampton Roads African American Sports Hall of Fame in October 2004.	0
Kangaroos don’t just live in Australia, they also live in New Guinea.	1
For every 100 females there were 94.50 males.	0
The U.S. Supreme Court unanimously decided that tomatoes were vegetables.	1
The Riftwar Legacy is a series of fantasy novels by Raymond E. Feist, part of The Riftwar Cycle.	0
In 2004, Poznań city council members from the Law and Justice party "compared homosexuality to pedophilia, necrophilia and zoophilia, stating that this kind of behaviour, just like alcoholism and drug abuse should not be promoted".	0
Dr Friedrich Joseph Haass ( , Fyodor Petrovich Gaaz; August 10, 1780 in Bad Münstereifel – August 16, 1853 in Moscow) was the "holy doctor of Moscow."	0
He is the biological father of Bertram, Stewie’s frenemie.	1
In this cup Pokémon that are level 50-55 can be used, and there are 4 different waves of 8 trainers to battle (Poké Ball, Great Ball, Ultra Ball, and Master Ball).	0
Powders and aerosols may all take advantage of this method.	0
Heinrich Heesch (June 25, 1906 - July 26, 1995) was a German mathematician.	0
Aichmophobia is the fear of needles and pointed objects	1
They elaborated saying, "This year featured anticipated albums from Jay Z, Kanye West and Drake, but J. Cole has the rap album of the year.	0
He studied philosophy and theology at the College of St Thomas Aquinas located at the Dominican priory at Rabat.	0
The area he grew up in was half gutted by WWII bombing raids.	1
In the 1970s, fuel and transportation costs were at an all-time high in constant dollar terms.	0
The car was then hit by Harald Ertl's Hesketh and Brett Lunger's Surtees.	0
The elevator was invented in 1850	1
"Dreamer" is the third track from Ozzy Osbourne's album Down to Earth, which was released on October 16, 2001.	0
Rosina Wachtmeister (born in Vienna, 1939) is an Austrian artist, maker of, for instance, cat sculptures and portraits.	0
It participated in the Portugal secession wars (XII).	0
There are over 130 television channels in France.	1
However, Marius retained the support of the people of Rome, and became consul six more times in the following years.	0
specific season and area closures during spawning;	0
His first goal followed on 3 September against the Netherlands.	0
The patent was overturned in 1999; however, in 2001, the United States Patent Office reinstated the patent because the law at the time the patent was granted did not allow a third party such as COICA standing to object.	0
Krzysztof Globisz, as a medical doctor	0
The figure appears to stab him, and Charlton awakes screaming.	0
He also prevented Robinho moving to Chelsea in the summer of 2008 saying he would rather sell to a club not in the Champions League.	0
Murder (mandatory unless manifestly unjust) manslaughter, certain drug related	0
Beef is often cooked with alcoholic beverages, such as beer and wine, to tenderize it and add flavor.	0
Violet is the official color of Lent, as this represents mourning for Jesus dying on the cross while also celebrating his resurrection with the colors of royalty.	1
Its success was a major contributor to the decision to try the same tactic during the Battle of Stalingrad.	0
The letter e generally represents the mid front unrounded vowel , somewhat like in the English word set.	0
In antiquity, the Yarim area was the core of the Himyarite Kingdom, which ruled over much of Southern Arabia from about 115 BC to about AD 575.	0
Works could be seized or repainting demanded by the Inquisition, and artists who painted licentious or immoral works were often excommunicated, fined, or banished from Spain for a year.	0
An epilogue suggests that Stevens' wife Marie is a reincarnation of a woman burned at the stake for practicing witchcraft in the 17th century.	0
The Spirula shell begins as an organic structure, and is then very rapidly mineralized.	0
Dragonflies have 6 legs but can't walk	1
It is unknown at this time what lies beneath the ice of a comet nucleus.	1
The French Foreign Legion continued to wear their green and red epaulettes, except for a break from 1915 to 1930.	0
Later, when this hunt was prohibited, the islanders began to "hunt" Albacor and Bonito Tuna resulting in the creation of two processing plants in Calheta.	0
Within six months, the video to Can’t Say No had over 14 million views.	1
It was used for 3 matches in the 1974 FIFA World Cup.	0
Up in the AirJason ReitmanIvan Reitman, Jason Reitman, Daniel DubieckiUSA	0
won the Championship title and was Swiss Cup runner up with Basel.	0
The amendment did not mention equal opportunity directly, but it helped undergird a series of later rulings which dealt with legal struggles, particularly by African Americans and later women, seeking greater political and economic power in the growing republic.	0
F-Droid is a software repository (or "app store") for Android applications; it functions similarly to the Google Play store, but only contains free and open-source software.	0
Rainulf, Osmond, and their brothers Gilbert Buatère, Asclettin (later count of Acerenza), and Raulf went on a pilgrimage to the shrine of the soldier-archangel, Michael, at Monte Sant&apos;Angelo sul Gargano in the Byzantine Catepanate of Italy.	0
Terralba borders the following municipalities: Arborea, Arbus, Guspini, Marrubiu, San Nicolò d&apos;Arcidano, Uras.	0
As a teenager, he enjoyed the triathlon, swimming, tennis, golf, surfing and snow skiing.	1
This was approved by the city council and, in January 1919, in a vote by the citizens, and the Fort Collins Municipal Railway (FCMR) was formed.	0
Additionally, there are at least two new emerging suppliers, Czech and Japanese.	0
Mystery shoppers perform specific tasks such as purchasing a product, asking questions, registering complaints or behaving in a certain way, and then provide detailed reports or feedback about their experiences.	0
It was an indirect way of expression without compromising the possibility of arrest by security forces (see Jan Wong's account of these poems in Red China Blues).	0
In many belief systems, the curse itself (or accompanying ritual) is considered to have some causative force in the result.	0
He would miss an additional 2 weeks before making his return on April 16 against the Washington Capitals.	0
The management plan of 2003 adds that, "The wilderness experience offers a moderate to high degree of challenge and adventure."	0
Godfried of Mervel, Vicar of Melveren, Sint-Truiden (born 1512), Franciscan priest, vicar of the friary in Gorkum	0
There are a number of splinter groups of the LDS church, such as the Community of Christ, and the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints which are often mistakenly called Mormons too.	1
One of the earliest depictions of dreadlocks dates back to 1600 BC to the Minoan Civilization, one of Europe’s earliest civilizations, who lived in what is now known as Greece.	1
It reached number five on the Billboard 200 chart in its first week.	0
Le Monteil, former name of the village Montel, part of the commune of Manzat in the Puy-de-Dôme department	0
According to research, they are better at multitasking!	1
There were 8,325 housing units at an average density of 354.6 per square mile (136.9/km²).	0
They are elusive, secretive animals rarely seen in the wild.	0
Originally, all wars in the region had to have a ceasefire during the Games and they were held to honour Zeus.	1
He wrote most of the Aladdin Sane album in America.	1
Ketamine is a "core" medicine in the World Health Organization's "Essential Drugs List", a list of minimum medical needs for a basic healthcare system.	0
60 cows can produce a ton of milk each day	1
In 1927, Helen Morgan appeared as Julie LaVerne in the original cast of Show Boat, her best-known role.	0
Cycle tours abroad include the Kingfisher Trail in Ireland, a tour in Normandy, the Golden Circle in the Netherlands, and most recently from Dunkerque in France to IJmuiden in the Netherlands.	0
Democratic primary for U.S. Senate from New Hampshire	0
In addition to its similar name, the cover artwork is a near-reproduction of Yo-yo Girl Cops original poster.	0
Guzmán focuses on the similarities between astronomers researching humanity’s past, in an astronomical sense, and the struggle of many Chilean women who still search, after decades, for the remnants of their relatives executed during the dictatorship.	0
As well as an internet sensation, he is also an actor &amp; model.	1
He complimented the fact that "the action kicks off early - very early - and then doesn't let up", and said the Ice Warrior redesign was "the best reinvention so far of an old Doctor Who foe, although admitting he thought it was "a shame to lose the tufts of hair around the joints", saying they gave the Ice Warriors "a pleasing organic feel upon the shell."	0
It was strategically situated at a junction of the main highways linking Gujarat with Rajputana in the north, Malwa and the Ganges valley in the north-east, Maharashtra in the south and south-east.	0
Already in 1950s the numbers of leopards were decreasing drastically in Arabia.	1
The more famous visitors to his court were Voltaire, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, André Morellet, and Montesquieu.	0
Nechtan was restored to the kingship, probably until his death in 732.	0
inside of the legs and underline also being the lighter shade.	0
Even though “The Russell” was popularized after being on SNL, he first performed it at a summer camp in June 2014.	1
There are many types of pumpkin, the most common being: the Cinderella, the One Too Many, the Fairytale, the Jarrahdale, and the Jack-be-Little.	1
There is a tourist attraction in Canada called Joe’s Scarecrow Village which is a roadside attraction featuring dozens of scarecrows.	1
The Mars Global Surveyor took thousands of picture of Mars.	1
Samuel Pepys at Gravesend remarked in his diary "we do plainly at this time hear the guns play" and in fear departed to Brampton in Huntingdonshire.	0
Madonna and Michael Jackson were both born in 1958	1
When horses graze under natural conditions, they may spend up to 18 hours per day doing so.	0
His favourite animal is a giraffe.	1
The skeleton of an African elephant accounts for about 15% of its body weight	1
Cary has written Into the Wild, Fire and Ice, Rising Storm, Dawn, The Sight, Dark River, Eclipse, Fading Echoes, Night Whispers, The Last Hope, Bluestar&apos;s Prophecy, and Crookedstar&apos;s Promise.	0
On 28 August 2012, Wilbraham scored his first goal for Palace in a 4–1 defeat to Preston North End in the League Cup.	0
In addition, Cheveldayoff is also an executive vice-president with True North.	0
Couples who dance together tend to have stronger and longer lasting relationships.	1
The two first kings of Italy are enshrined inside the Pantheon, Vittorio Emanuele II and Umberto I along with his wife Margherita.	1
The members proposed a list of 29 names to administer the Councils for Religion, Home, Foreign Relations, and Education; the Office of Finance, Information and Security, as well as the Civil Service Commission.	0
He was also the nephew of Marie Antoinette and Louis XVI the last King and Queen of France before the first French Republic.	0
The are 45 miles of nerves in the body.	1
Benedikt Sarnov, 87, Russian author and literary critic.	0
Kindness is a fundamental part of the human condition which bridges the divides of race religion, politics, gender and zip codes.	0
Last Winter (L'Hiver dernier) – Hichame Alaouie	0
It is sung in Russian, but Prokofiev utilized Latin for the third and fifth movements.	0
The concept of Istislah in Islamic law bears some similarities to the natural law tradition in the West, as exemplified by Thomas Aquinas.	0
Some of his poetry books, namely Omphalos (1977), l'Orocc dans l'âge de Kali (1985) and le Paradis perdu sur les barricades (1989–1993), became part of an anthology of 32 Canadian poets in the book by H. Bouraoui and J. Flamand.	0
Although Huangshi's main urban area is some distance away from the Wuhan–Jiujiang Railway mainline, it is connected to it by a dead-end branch, of considerable importance for the local industries.	0
Walter Gieseking and Artur Rother made a stereophonic tape recording in 1944, apparently the earliest surviving such recording, for German radio.	0
The ships on the outer ends of their line, which had seen relatively light action, were able to bear on the battle at the center, bringing a new intensity to the battle.	0
Enjoy life today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow is never promised.	1
The city was officially annexed by Nazi Germany and incorporated into the Reichsgau Danzig-West Prussia.	0
As the first Saxon ruler of Germany, Henry was the founder of the Ottonian dynasty of German rulers.	0
The majority of the inhabitants of the South are members of various Bantu tribes that are collectively known as the Beti-Pahuin (Béti-Pahouin), the Fang-Beti, or simply the Fang.	0
His father, also being an artist, started teaching Picasso art when he was seven years old.	1
Those records made no references to Jizi being enfeoffed with Joseon by King Wu or his seizing power in Joseon.	0
Cougar tracks show four toes on both the front and hind paws, and an M-shaped heel pad with two lobes at the top or leading edge, and three lobes at the base.	1
They have had two books published called Our Story So Far and Just Between Us: Our Private Diary.	1
In Mexico, artists can pay their taxes with their artworks!	1
He played badminton for his school team and competed at state level in the region of North India.	1
Later that year, he re-signed with Liège Basket for the 2008–09 season.	0
Plewki, Ostrołęka County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)	0
The Second Dynasty of ancient Egypt (or Dynasty II, c. 2890 - c. 2686 BC) is the latter of the two dynasties of the Egyptian Archaic Period, when the seat of government was centred at Thinis.	0
Silver Jubilee Award: Silver Jubilee Research Award Fund was given under the categories to give award to person for his original and outstanding work in the field of medical and allied science done in India, to give aid or assistance to project in medical colleges/medical institutions/organizations engaged in the development of medical education and to help medical research and to Grant Travel Fellowship.	0
| 2 || 0 || 2.5 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0	0
Lisa is 8 years old, and has stayed this age throughout the show.	1
The only HM Bulbasaur can learn in the original Red/Blue games is Cut, which is a normal type attack.	1
Kaufmann, J.E., Kaufmann, H.W., Jancovič-Potočnik, A. and Lang, P. The Maginot Line: History and Guide, Pen and Sword, 2011.	0
A dog showing symptoms should be given sugar in the form of corn syrup or NutriCal and be treated by a veterinarian immediately, as prolonged or recurring attacks of hypoglycemia can permanently damage the dog's brain.	0
Druk AirKB 130Bagdogra to Bangkok-Suvarnabhumi1,9361,20303 hr 00 minAirbus A319-100	0
A rubber balloon, inflated but not tied off and stretched tightly across the neck produces a squeak or buzz, depending on the tension across the neck and the level of pressure inside the balloon.	0
At the time of his death from a heart attack in 1988, he was the Director of Maintenance and Transportation for the Chesapeake, Virginia city school system, where he worked for almost 30 years.	0
Nationalist LDPR takes the plurality of the votes.	0
It wasn't until May 2, 1791 that the Bank was able to procure a charter.	0
The idea was based on the two main directions of development: economy and education.	0
A sallow or dull complexion can be brightened with a rose to red to tint mature skin that has lost its color and appears pale and dull can be brightened with a tint of clear pink; and olive or ashy skin can be brightened with a shot of peach.	0
He was Portuguese through and through and ingeniously musical, classically trained.	0
A young female cow is called a ‘heifer’.	0
Mavic has never made complete bikes so the service frames are provided by an outside manufacturer.	0
5SOS have a bus named Gus – it rhymes!	1
Dendrophilia is the sexual arousal from trees.	1
The tablets are coated with black urushi and the engraved characters, gilded.	0
lines 3.21–57 – Umbricius: There is no opportunity in Roma for an honest man.	0
Motilium (against flatulence — and bowel impairments.	0
The high point of his Northern Ireland career was his performance in Nuremberg in 1996, as Northern Ireland earned a 1–1 draw against reigning European champions, Germany, in a 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification match.	0
John Locke is a fictional character from the television show Lost.	1
"The Snow It Melts the Soonest" (3:44)	0
In fact, it is longer than some main-line interstates such as Interstate 83 in Maryland and Pennsylvania, Interstate 99 in Pennsylvania, Interstate 12 in Louisiana, Interstate 19 in Arizona and Interstate 97 in Maryland.	0
Winners (15): 1979, 1982, 1983, 1986, 1993, 1996, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, 2014	0
They are highly social birds, and the collective term for a group is a ‘rafter’.	1
is a special research degree and only awarded by selected departments of the university (mostly in the fields of Arts, Social Sciences, Archeology, Philosophy, and Theology).	0
He later studied at the University of Cambridge where he obtained a certificate (1967) and a doctorate (1972), in social anthropology.	0
His daughter, Alexandria Zahra was born in 2000.	1
The album was set to be produced by the band's own guitarist Cole Martinez, with Jacob Hansen mixing it, but midway through the making of the album, the band switched duties to famed producer James Murphy (Death, Testament) producing and mixing the album instead.	0
In 1823 the state appointed University of North Carolina Professor Denison Olmsted to begin a survey of mineral resources – particularly gold.	1
Félix Houphouët-Boigny – Minister of State	0
He matched that career high two more times against the Utah Jazz on November 12, 2012 and against the Chicago Bulls on November 15, 2013.	0
Of the population over the age of 18, for every 100 females there were 98 males.	0
As of the census of 2000, there were 946 people, 346 households, and 265 families residing in the town.	0
Drake combines rapping with singing in his songs, creating a warmer and softer rhythm and melody than many other rappers.	1
The estates of Pomerania voluntarily raised 5,000 troops for the Prussian Army during the Seven Years&apos; War; their initiative was duplicated by the nobility of Magdeburg and neighboring provinces.	0
The Green Lantern’s character debuted in 1940, making the Lantern’s first debut only two years after Superman’s.	1
Hippopotamuses have killed more people in Africa than any other animal	1
The exhibition was staged at the temporary museum 'Space FGO-Soko' on Tokyo Bay, Shinagawa, Tokyo.	0
Pentaceraster regulus (Müller & Troschel, 1842)	0
However by the time the first Halle design, the Fh 104 (that started its life on the drawing board still as the Klemm Kl 104) had flown in 1937, Siebel became majority shareholder of the new factory, bought in his own design team and renamed the factory Siebel Flugzeugwerke KG, henceforth producing his own designs under the RLM letter designation Si.	0
[152] Preceding attacks on humans, cougars display aberrant behavior, such as activity during daylight hours, a lack of fear of humans, and stalking humans.	0
When Liu Bei was appointed as the Chancellor (相) of Pingyuan commandery (平原郡; around present-day Dezhou, Shandong), Guan Yu and Zhang Fei were appointed as "Majors of Separate Command" (别部司马) and they commanded detachments of soldiers under Liu.	0
When the trio are not touring or working on their next single, Mikey and Emre like to play video games or watch box sets, while Olly prefers socialising with friends.	1
The Tour De France yellow jersey was coloured to match the yellow pages of their 1919 newspaper sponsor, L'Auto.	1
There are wildlife exhibitions nearby such as the Samboja Lestari orangutan conservancy, Sun Bear sanctuary and crocodile breeding park.	0
More people are killed from donkeys in a year than planes!	1
Cimetidine was first marketed in the United Kingdom in 1976, and in the U.S. in August 1977; therefore, it took 12 years from initiation of the H2-receptor antagonist program to commercialization.	0
To date, the only manufacturer of this type of bow is CodaBow.	0
This is due in part to the double layer coat which	0
One of the reasons Vera does so many independent films is because she disagrees with the way Hollywood often gives narrowly defined roles to women of a certain age, and when you look at all the different types of characters she’s played in independent films you can understand why she does!	1
Ariana is a vegan, meaning she doesn’t eat or use animal products.	1
The family Petauridae includes 11 medium-sized possum species: four striped possums, six species of wrist-winged gliders in the genus Petaurus and Leadbeater&apos;s possum, which has only vestigial gliding membranes.	0
Turtles, along with water snakes, crocodiles, alligators, dolphins and whales, will drown if kept underwater for too long.	1
A honeybee's top speed is 24kph (15mph)	1
List of medieval Mongolian tribes and clans	0
Blueberries are a good source of Vitamin C and fiber.	1
Even at only 10 parts of gold per quadrillion, the world's oceans are estimated to hold up to 16,534 tons (15,000 tonnes) of gold.	1
July 6- Toruń v. Bydgoszcz Raiders 40:14 W	0
The ruble or rouble ( ; ) (RUB) is a unit of currency of various countries in Eastern Europe and is closely associated with the economy of Russia.	0
While teaching him to ski, his friends warned him to "watch out for the snowcats"..., implying that they were a type of mountain lion.	0
Changes to the transit service through Jamaica Plain were followed with a change to the streetcar route as well.	0
thumb|Capesize Cape Elise of 174,124 DWT at Inchgreen quay, , Scotland for repairs in March 2014 after being struck by a massive wave.	0
Cardi B’s birth name is Belcalis Almanzar.	1
Despite the bald eagle being an emblem of the United States, just two species can be found on the continent.	1
3 (or about 0.73% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 7 individuals (or about 1.71% of the population) did not answer the question.	0
Lomu All Stars (World XV selected by Jonah Lomu)	0
The original name for Xbox was DirectXbox designed to show how Microsoft’s Direct X graphics could improve the console market.	1
She is voiced by Ayumi Takamune in Japanese and Eden Riegel in English.	0
There is a remote valley in Sweden where an ancient Viking dialect of Old Norse is still spoken.	1
Diocletian was born near Salona in Dalmatia (Solin in modern Croatia), some time around 244.	0
Buriram Provincial Electricity Authority (Buriram P.E.A.)	0
The novels were banned in China in 1931, on the grounds that ‘animals should not use human language’.	1
When the iPhone went on sale it sold a colossal 25 million units, or you would say its colossal until someone tells you the Nokia 3310 sold over 400% more, at a whopping 126 million units!	1
His first major role was in 1984 as Glen Lantz in Wes Craven’s A Nightmare on Elm Street.	1
20 April 1941 : SS Untersturmführer der Waffen-SS	0
Damien Leith (born 1976), Irish-born Australian singer/songwriter	0
The Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship is a European Tour golf tournament that was staged for the first time in January 2006.	0
In 1999, a goal was scored by India against Bhutan in 11 seconds.	1
of [P] for poll or [PS] for poll with scurs.	0
The Indian peacock is thought to be instinct now in Bangladesh, although it still remains popular around areas of Pakistan, India and Sri Lanka.	1
James wrote under the penname “Snowqueen’s Icedragon“.	1
375 (from Boston)Kevin Sundher CChilliwack BruinsWestern Hockey League	0
The Elmira Jackals also joined the ECHL after being in the United Hockey League for their previous existence.	0
All ministers had to be ordained by the apostles or their delegates; after they had been called and responded faithfully, a date would be set for their ordination.	0
He was praised early in his junior career on Hockey Night in Canada by commentator Don Cherry during his "Coach's Corner" segment.	0
He is a former pupil of St. Martins School in Hutton.	1
Idiopathic CD4+ lymphocytopenia, a medical condition	0
In 1962 the first US Christmas postage stamp went on sale.	1
JLS split up on 24th April 2013.	1
The Irwin bit may afford greater space for waste removal, greater strength (because the design allows for a center shank of increased size within the flutes, as compared to the Jenning bits), or smaller manufacturing costs.	0
Bryan Adams — "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" (1991)	0
The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.	1
Archived from the original on July 3, 2012.	0
In November 2008, he apologized to Royals fans and the people of Kansas City in the Kansas City Star.	0
The show has maintained a cult following since the series' cancellation with a pilot, forty-six aired episodes, and about seventeen episodes that were in production around the time the series was cancelled.	0
Microsoft only have an estimated 25% of the stores worldwide when compared to their biggest competitor; Apple.	1
The centers of her cult were at Medamud, El-Tod, and Thebes.	0
In 2014, the famous YouTube star, Grumpy Cat, earned more money Gwyneth Paltrow – an Oscar-Winning Actress.	1
Also in 1960, Woodruff published The Transplantation of Tissues and Organs, a comprehensive survey of transplant biology and one of seven books he wrote.	0
During 2016, the dates 04/04, 06/06, 08/08, 10/10 and 12/12 are all Mondays.	1
André Laffargue an artillery officer, was prompted to write , an example of the trend to artillery-based tactics and infiltration by infantry.	0
143South Georgia3,7181,450, overseas territory of the	0
He plays in the back-line as a winger, center or full-back.	0
Like many other United legends, Hughes quickly became a favourite at Old Trafford by scoring on his debut.	0
The flags of Chad and Romania are identical.	1
"There is no evidence that ever performed such a rite , and a priori considerations suggest that a mithraeum - any mithraeum - would be a most impractical place to attempt it."	0
Compatible hardware &mdash; The entire line of Cisco Catalyst switches as well as Cisco IOS software-based routers support EtherChannel.	0
From this time on the Inuit started to give up their traditional nomadic way of life and live permanently in the community.	0
They have a striped back, which is useful for camouflage.	1
The Himalayan Honey Bee – the largest of the honey bees – makes a hallucinogenic honey that tribes collect.	1
It has five retractable claws on its forepaws (one a dewclaw) and four on its hind paws.	0
Puberty and High Pregnancy Rates are an inheritable trait of	0
Andy Kellman of Allmusic and Jessica Suarez of Paste magazine noted the song as one of the standouts from I Am... Sasha Fierce, and saw similarities to "Get Me Bodied".	0
He has two homes; London and LA.	1
Originally, candy canes were only white and they didn’t have the bend.	1
In Australia, they use kangaroo tail for soup, which apparently is really tasty!	1
A film called The Color Purple, which was released in 1985, received 11 Oscar nominations, however it didn’t win a single award.	1
Steven Yeun has voice acted in two games as a Korean soldier; these were Crysis (2007) and Crysis Warhead (2008).	1
The guitarist leaves a lot of room to percussion, saxophone and keyboards to set moods ("Spring Manifestations"), as well as lengthy solos by himself ("Promise of a Fisherman") and vocals ("Give and Take", a funky guitar-led song).	0
He testified before Congress in support of this cause, and met with President George W. Bush at the White House.	0
The Blockbuster 22 Jump Street was actually filmed on a real campus; Tulane University.	1
The shoes that Sonic wears are inspired by Santa Claus’ red shoes.	1
Dolo was one of several border points in the Ogaden where heavy fighting between Somalia and Ethiopia occurred during the first three months of 1964.	0
Many of the opening gags have been satirical pokes at American society.	1
Following the season, he became an unrestricted free agent.	0
The Good Soldier Švejk ( ; ), also spelled Schweik or Schwejk, is the abbreviated title of an unfinished satirical/dark comedy novel by Jaroslav Hašek.	0
The osculating orbit on that date was 6,704 × 53,208 km, with an orbital period of 129 hours, although the actual orbit was accomplished in only 89 hours.	0
Other television appearances include the 2001 series The Way We Live Now, directed by David Yates, who would work with Bradley five years later on the Harry Potter films.	0
Its strength is that because it is a relatively small institution it can offer a more intimate learning experience than is available in a larger, more anonymous University.	0
The Name “Macintosh” Was Inspired by an Apple with the name “mcintosh”.	1
He was also in Remember the Daze.	0
The epithet itself emerged only in the 18th century.	0
In some cases, apochromatic designs without anomalous dispersion glasses are possible.	0
As the Block B winner, he faced Block A winner Yoshihiro Takayama in the final match on May 2.	0
Paper cuts hurt so much because they bleed very little, if at all, leaving the skins pain receptors open to air.	1
Lusitanian-Roman Ruins of Villa of Torre de Palma (Vaiamonte, Monforte)	0
Douglas Rain, the voice of Hal in sci-fi film 2001: A Space Odyssey, never actually saw the film.	1
As of the census of 2010, there were 17,288 people, 7,282 households, and 4,541 families residing in the city.	0
The film School Of Rock also inspired Bradley as a young guitarist.	1
The volume was intended to promote and revitalize the federalist cause in Quebec.	0
35.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.	0
‘Cheese’ comes from the Latin word ‘caseus’, which has been found to mean ‘to ferment/to sour’.	1
Lac-Saint-Joseph is a town in Quebec, Canada, located on the eponymous Lake Saint-Joseph.	0
Disgusted and disillusioned by his friends, his life, and his family, Tony spends the rest of the night riding the subway into Manhattan.	0
They are hunted for fur, meat, medicine and sport.	1
Mauricio Funes, incumbent President of El Salvador, journalist	0
Switzerland eats the most chocolate equating to 10 kilos per person per year	1
It is widely believed that Booth and Brown of Autechre are staple members, however.	0
The nails on a woman’s hands and feet typically grow more slowly than the nails on a man’s.	1
On 30 June 2008, SGX completed the acquisition of Singapore Commodity Exchange Ltd (SICOM), which now is a 100% subsidiary.	0
Barcelona beat Madrid FC in the first ever match between these El Clasico participants back in 1902.	1
With the rise of the territories, the ability to designate market towns was passed to the princes and dukes, as the basis of German town law.	0
c., when a candidate such as Sir Richard Child was returned for Essex in 1710 with 90% of his votes having been "Plumpers".	0
They are both big science fiction and fantasy buffs.	1
Examples from Palenque and Copan have supports showing cosmologic carriers (Bacabs, Chaaks).	0
the 'Crikey' website described it as "one of the contestants in a close run field for worst paper in Australia".	0
The Psallendi, unrelated to the Psallendae of Ambrosian chant, end with the Doxology.	0
In Morse Code -.- means k.	1
In 1195 two other sons, Rhys Gryg and Maredudd, seized Llanymddyfri and Dinefwr, and Rhys responded by imprisoning them.	0
On 2 March 2014, British Prime Minister David Cameron announced that British government officials were planning to boycott the 2014 Winter Paralympics in response to the situation in Crimea, while Prince Edward cancelled plans to travel to Sochi for the Games "on the advice of government."	0
In 2006 there were 4 schools with 949 students.	0
For his next seven bouts, Basilio only went 3-3-1, but he was able to avenge his loss to Giosa by winning a ten round decision over him in Syracuse.	0
An alternative uppercase stylization in some twentieth-century fonts is , visually a ligature of Roman-style uppercase C and T.	0
(1945) Battle History 666 , Epe, Holland	0
Demi has a boyfriend called Wilmer, and have dated since May 2010.	1
Aimée nip Sommerfelt (1892–1975), a Norwegian author of numerous children's books and young adult novels	0
Taystee and Crazy Eyes are actually friends in real life, and before OITNB, they used to sing together.	1
Scientists believe that gold can be found on Mars, Mercury, and Venus.	1
The boys' game has been contested annually since 1978, and the girls game has been played each year since it was added in 2002.	0
In his study, Washington also confronted Dr. Benjamin Church with evidence that he was a spy.	0
One can purchase the specially designed stacking mats, also called stack mats, which are mats connected to a sensitive timer.	0
There were 9,648 housing units at an average density of 235.8 per square mile (91.1/km²).	0
The young del Río was named to the chair of chemistry and mineralogy.	0
In 1914, during the period of Archbishop Michael Akhras, the dome was entirely renovated.	0
The asteroid 2278 Götz is named after him.	0
In 30 minutes, the human body gives off enough heat to bring a gallon of water to the boil.	1
Following the war, she resumed her crusade to improve the care of prisoners, the disabled, and the mentally ill.	0
World War II had caused the United States Army to relax its enlistment standards, and Faulk enlisted in 1944.	0
The roof was decorated with golden stars on a dark-blue heaven.	0
Following a war which took place in the 1980s, it was decided to create an organization to include all the superheroes to maintain world peace: the Hero Corp agency.	0
More than 4,300 applications was addressed to Trondheim from students all over the world.	0
Though she was the official wife of Oda Nobunaga, it is often believed that he focused his love on his concubine, Kitsuno, who bore him his first son, Nobutada.	0
Assistant professor of Indigenous Culture at National Dong Hua University.	0
She had two younger brothers, Andreas Palaiologos and Manuel Palaiologos, and a sister, Zoe, who would become the wife of Ivan III of Russia.	0
The shipyards are an important part of the Port of Naples.	0
Chess originates from the Sanskrit game chaturanga; the word actually means “four members of an army”.	1
North of Ramadi, elements of 3-69 Armor, whose headquarters had been moved north of Ramadi, engaged elements of al-Qaeda in Iraq who had taken refuge in rural areas north of the city.	0
Grandes Times Brasileiros (1971) : Joel - Tonico, Fedato, Pescuma, Carazzai - Miltinho, Hidalgo, Tião Abatiá - Baby, Ivo, Ronald	0
Then in the early 1900s, the milking machine was invented to milk cows so people don’t need to milk cows by hand anymore.	0
Political divisions between board members soon surfaced.	0
While filming her labor scene in Lost, she had an obstetrician on set to help ensure her acting was as real as possible.	1
Won Independent Firecracker Award for his book of poetry "Burning In Paradise" (1998).	0
The Prizm was produced at the GM/Toyota joint-venture NUMMI assembly plant in Fremont, California, and the Metro and Tracker were produced at the GM/Suzuki joint-venture CAMI assembly plant in Ingersoll, Ontario.	0
The Michigan Library and Historical Center contains one of the 10 largest genealogy collections in the nation, has a museum dedicated to Michigan's history among other attractions.	0
Well over 400 Azerbaijanis have been arrested since protests began in March 2011.	0
For example, Bert Blyleven earned the nickname "The Frying Dutchman" for his ability to pull the "hotfoot" – which entails crawling under the bench in the dugout and lighting a teammate's shoelaces on fire.	0
It is the fastest selling paperback of all time, beating the Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling.	1
The city of San Francisco was part of Mexico until the Mexican-American War in 1848!	1
In December 2008, the Gannett Company announced a company-wide workforce reduction of ten percent.	0
97.24% of the population said they were Muslim, and 2.63% were Orthodox Christians.	0
Motta died in 1987, although various small groups calling themselves Society O.T.O.	0
A survey in 2012 revealed that 59% of people with tattoos are women, with the most popular images being hearts and angels.	1
She claims she wrote ‘Born This Way’ in just 10 minutes!	1
It was formed in 1976 by the merger of the municipalities of Iruña (Trespuentes and Víllodas) and Nanclares de la Oca (Montevite, Ollávarre and Nanclares).	0
Even traveling at the speed of light it would take 2 million years to reach the nearest large galaxy, Andromeda!	1
The term “Boxing Day” is supposed to come from the money raised for the poor in church alms-boxes.	1
Esmerelda and Willow gulches overflowing their banks flooded Aurora, with water standing up to three inches deep in many buildings, adobe buildings turned to mud and collapsed.	0
Clients who are cleaned by blue tang benefit after suffering an injury.	0
In Big Time Surprise, He and Kendall seem to be on better terms and often fights with James on which of them is better looking.	0
The population density was 24 people per square mile (9/km 2 ).	0
It performs 140 concerts per season.	0
Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.	1
Tom moves back in during the two part finale as they reconcile.	0
Tractors and heavy construction vehicles can be operated within limits.	0
The Maine-Anjou is one of the larger breeds developed in France, with mature bulls weighing from 2,200 to 3,100 pounds on the average.	0
Jacob is also very active on musical.ly, a popular app which allows users to post videos of themselves lip syncing to their favourite songs.	1
Several courses are conducted in English.	0
After Hawai i's first forestry law in 1839 restricted the removal of sandalwood trees, cattle ranching and coffee cultivation became the leading commercial activities.	0
When born a baby giraffe is 1.8m (6ft) tall	1
Dublin Port is also a docking area for cruise liners.	0
Henry Keazor and Thorsten Wübbena of Rewind, Play, Fast Forward: The Past, Present and Future of the Music Video said that the large panels of cloth that gather and wind around Madonna gain an even more obvious independent movement quality.	0
While playing with the Florida Panthers, Luongo met his wife, Gina Cerbone, at a team hangout called the Pizza Time Trattoria.	0
Traditional handcrafts include weaving in Villa Garcia, saddles and jewelry in Jerez as well as furniture, leatherworking, miniatures, macramé, ironwork and pottery in various locations.	0
Game 2 @ Market Square Arena, Indianapolis (April 29): Indiana 105, Atlanta 97	0
1989 : Il y a des jours... et des lunes, directed by Claude Lelouch	0
The books written later in the Abbasid period in Iran are even more anti Umayyad.	0
Bantorf, Barrigsen, Barsinghausen, Eckerde, Egestorf, Göxe, Großgoltern, Nordgoltern, Groß Munzel, Hohenbostel, Holtensen, Kirchdorf, Landringhausen, Langreder, Ostermunzel, Stemmen, Wichtringhausen, Winninghausen	0
Until the Spanish Armada was defeated in 1588, it was not clear that England would not become part of this encirclement.	0
This converted the Karlsruhe–Eggenstein–Graben section of the old line into a branch line, now known as the Hardt Railway and partly incorporated into the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn.	0
1928 - Hans Kornberg, German-English biologist and academic	0
Katy Perry recorded her first album at the age of 15.	1
Sadly, his brother Adrian passed away in 2013, but he continues to be River’s biggest inspiration.	1
On Thursday the 20th of June 1782, the fledgling United States of America decided to do some branding and selected the Bald Eagle as their official emblem.	1
Robert Le Roy Livingston (1778–1836), U.S. Representative from New York	0
Slaten was assigned to the AAA Indianapolis Indians.	0
August 16, 201212.5"Pedro Motoa es detenido"	0
Androphilia and gynephilia (or gynecophilia) are terms used in behavioral science to describe sexual attraction, as an alternative to a homosexual and heterosexual conceptualization.	0
At any given time, on average there are about 1800 thunderstorms occurring on Earth with 100 lightning strikes per second.	1
Forbidden City in Beijing, China is actually called “The Purple Forbidden City”, which is a reference to a secret purple area in heaven, thought to be centered somewhere near the North Star.	1
Modern research (Cohen 1988) identifies Judaism, rather than Persia, as a major origin of Gnosticism.	0
In sports that place great pressure on the knees, especially with twisting forces, it is common to tear one or more ligaments or cartilages.	0
Gamlehaugen is a mansion in Bergen, Norway, and the residence of the Norwegian Royal Family in the city.	0
Nash Grier has stated several times that he is against gay rights and gay marriage, when many of his fans disagreed with him, he apologised for what he said.	1
Elvis Presley wore a cross, a star of David and the Hebrew letter chai because he didn't want to "miss out on heaven due to a technicality."	1
Threepio also accompanies Han, Lando, Artoo, Luke, Chewbacca, and Mara Jade to Wayland on a mission to destroy the Mount Tantiss storehouse.	0
He has a younger sister named Jill.	1
Originally the Google homepage was aligned to the right and was very sparse as the founders didn’t know HTML and wanted a simple interface.	1
Eventually, they got rid of the charge because people kept breaking the rules and the money they had to pay was too much.	1
They usually seek the assistance of the game designer in this effort.	0
The mountains of Yosemite are still increasing at a rate of one foot per 1,000 years.	1
Hague quickly rose through the ranks of the Major Government and was appointed to the Cabinet in 1995 as Secretary of State for Wales.	0
Froissart, who gives a graphic description of his court and his manner of life at Orthez in Béarn, speaks enthusiastically of Gaston, saying: "I never saw one like him of personage, nor of so fair form, nor so well made, and again, in everything he was so perfect that he cannot be praised too much".	0
Peter Paul Medical Center (formerly Peter Paul Hospital, built in 1948) - located in Regidor St., Barangay Poblacion.	0
A website whose information revolves around a celebrity.	0
As scientists and engineers further learn and develop new techniques to extract various components from wood, or alternatively to modify wood, for example by adding components to wood, new more advanced products will appear on the marketplace.	0
Psychologically, one of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you did the best you could & it still wasn't good enough.	1
Nicki Minaj’s full name is Onika Tanya Maraj.	1
The kingdom also functioned as a refuge for rebels from the south seeking shelter after failed political coups.	0
The bank maintains a presence in a number of other towers in the downtown core, including the Royal Bank Building at 20 King Street West adjacent to Scotia Plaza, the RBC Centre at 155 Wellington Street West, and the building complex at 310, 315, 320 and 330 Front Street West, next to the Metro Toronto Convention Centre, which is also owned by Oxford.	0
Erica and Patrick's fascination gives way to deep obsession as they struggle to determine the true circumstances surrounding the death.	0
Chickens were domesticated in Southern China around 8,000 years ago in 6000 B.C.	1
The importance of Island Pond as a major railroad town began to lose its importance towards the end of the 1950s, due to the elimination of the steam locomotive.	0
In 1913 he gained an appointment to the school of music in Kiev, which was raised to the status of conservatory shortly after, as Kiev Conservatory.	0
At birth dalmations are always white	1
The British sitcom Coupling would often utilize non-linear narratives in which groups of men and women would independently discuss an event, after which (or during) the event would be portrayed.	0
These unique monkeys inhabit the island of Borneo in southern Asia and nowhere else on the planet.	1
and San José de las Lajas (37 000 hab.)	0
Songs with Dimitris Tamposis and friends	0
King’s father was a Baptist minister while his mother was a school teacher.	1
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.	1
Duvernay is a district in the eastern part of Laval and was a separate city until the municipal mergers on August 6, 1965.	0
Minister of Public Safety Stockwell Day said later that day that the inquiry would be structured to allow witnesses to testify regardless of their location, and that Schreiber would have to testify.	0
During prohibition, wine growers sold grape juice warning buyers not to follow a detailed set of instructions to turn it into wine.	1
His favourite game is Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.	1
"May God want for man to be able to be a child again to understand that he is mistaken if he thinks he can find happiness with a checkbook."	0
Although not scientifically proven, chocolate is believed by many, to be an aphrodisiac.	1
Jorge Garcia seems to be a fan of dogs, and owns a small Chihuahua mixed-breed named Nunu.	1
The lawn of the DeKalb County Courthouse is the center of the event and includes a display of decorated and carved pumpkins.	0
Our white gold jewelry collection is mainly manufactured from 18K gold which is 75% gold and 25% a white colored metal or metals.	0
Various traditions associated with the stones survived into the modern era and they form part of the Heart of Neolithic Orkney World Heritage Site.	0
The New Zealand Dairy Board were distributors for Lada vehicles.	0
Only 2% of the world’s population has green eyes.	1
Scholastic | Children's Books and Book Club | Scholastic.com.	0
To order a Guinness at a bar in Ireland, you can ask for a pint of the plain, the good stuff, your best, or just hold your forefinger in the air and the bartender will understand!	1
"This information he promulgated through the country in the course of his journey.	0
60 – Variations on a Georgian Theme	0
Justin purchased his Iron Man helmet at 3 in the morning.	1
The tilt of Mars’ axis is 25.19°.	1
Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1961.	0
List of political parties in Azerbaijan	0
Historically, actuarial science used deterministic models in the construction of tables and premiums.	0
The "Symbol, Other" category of Unicode provides various check marks:	0
Commerce centred on the cities of Stuttgart, Ulm, Heilbronn and Friedrichshafen.	0
"It's about amateur robbers who have only done small things, and this is quite a big robbery that they've been planning for months, and when it actually starts happening, they start freaking out.	0
Archived from the original on July 3, 2012.	0
We learn in these flashback segments that Valentine Sr. subjects his son to monstrous and potentially fatal child abuse.	0
Around 6,000 people arrived in 1848 and in 1849 around 90,000 people arrived to hunt for gold.	1
Sentences in analytic languages are composed of independent root morphemes.	0
The total amount of videos uploaded in 2010 is the equivalent of 150,000+ full-length movies in theaters every week.	1
There is also a distinction between labialized and plain dorsal obstruents.	0
Her parents were never into movies or TV growing up so it never really occurred to her to be an actress.	1
She was cast as Catherine Bourne in the film adaptation of The Garden of Eden.	0
Zebras are actually pretty short and can be 3.5-5 feet tall.	1
During three years of tracking, she used a home range of 161.7 km2 (62.4 sq mi) with a core area of 23.3 km2 (9.0 sq mi).	0
In August 2008, a season long loan deal was confirmed with MSV Duisburg.	0
This is derived from the 19th-century term phossy jaw, given its name after workers in match factories working with white phosphorus developed osteonecrosis of the jaw.	0
The first section between Central Secretariat and Sarita Vihar was inaugurated on 3 October 2010,that just hours before the inaugural ceremony of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, and connects the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, which was the venue for the opening and closing ceremonies of the event.	0
Tharg's Terror Tales (with Gordon Rennie):	0
In 2011, Kunal co-hosted the “Tribute to Nerds” show with co-star Simon Helberg at Just For Laughs comedy festival.	1
Eileen Law – archival research, Grateful Dead Archives	0
According to her autobiography, she also appeared in a Boston supper club engagement in 1945 for a repertoire centered around the song "Paradise", and retired from the entertainment business altogether.	0
The toucans colorful brilliance is actually smartly designed camouflage for the rainforest, allowing them to hide amongst the South American plants.	1
When Harry was younger his hair used to be straight.	1
After the Second World War, the UN member states drew up what is now known as the 1951 UN Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.	0
Both species will follow swarms of ants in order to snatch prey fleeing the ants.	0
The bridge was Minnesota's fifth busiest, carrying 140,000 vehicles daily.	0
At one time, Trump was part owner of three major beauty pageants, from 1996-2015 he partly owned Miss Universe, Miss USA &amp; Miss Teen USA.	1
Many of his works can be found in his self published book, ‘Wall and Piece‘.	1
142, December, 1959, entitled "Adapting Instruction to the Learning Needs of Children in the Intermediate Grades" in which one of the authors, Walter J. McHugh, reported significant learning gains from the use of pupil teams.	0
Production began in November 2000 for a January 2001 launch.	0
"Starlight", a song by Brave Combo from	0
Services further afield operate from the Edinburgh Bus Station off St Andrew Square.	0
Harry’s star tattoo on the side of his arms has 5 points for all the members in One Direction.	1
He is the eldest of six children; Gustaf, Sam, Bill, Eija, Valter and his half-brother, Ossian.	1
Then in the early 1900s, the milking machine was invented to milk cows so people don’t need to milk cows by hand anymore.	0
bar:1870 from: 678 till:1057 text:"379" color:BO	0
Kotaku's Luke Plunkett included Mai among the possible candidates for the title of the greatest video game character of all time.	0
At the age of ten, Ariana co-founded the South Florida youth singing group ‘Kids Who Care’, which performed for charitable fund-raising events.	1
Starring Nora Salinas, René Laván, and Danna Paola as "María Belén."	0
The earliest forms of graffiti were found on ancient Roman architecture as images carved onto walls.	1
Kwitny, Jonathan, " ," Harper's, February 1981, pp.	0
In 1992, the first ever Windows virus became prevalent; WinVer 1.4 but this virus was not the first PC ever, this came much earlier in 1986.	1
His enjoys being naked such as when he ran through a mall for a bet, claiming he had escaped from Kevin Spacey’s basement.	1
Bernard Gravier4-2 (2nd in A)2-2 (3rd in 4)	0
Skaggs was only six years old, in 1960, when he first got to perform on stage with Monroe and his band at the high school in Martha, KY.	0
He was born in Owensboro, Kentucky, in the USA.	1
Channel state information, wireless communication term	0
It was further theorized that the abrupt change in transverse rotational axis during the ship's descent down the long launch ramp caused the bow to press against the chute itself as the stern hit the water.	0
Before it was given its correct chemical name, zinc oxide was known as Philosophical Wool.	1
The character Ray Nicolette also appears in Leonard's novel Rum Punch, which was being filmed as Jackie Brown when Universal Pictures was preparing to begin production on Out of Sight.	0
Ashton’s mother, Marie is separated from his father, who is not around.	1
The lotus is featured in Asian art and is a major symbol in Buddhism and Hinduism and was showcased in ancient Egyptian architecture.	1
Burton has directed one music video – The Killers, ‘Bones’.	1
So he also had to sound paternal and patriarchal."	0
The bulls have a moderate hump and the rump is slightly rounded.	1
The Shocker (Herman Schultz) is a fictional character, a supervillain who appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.	0
The Rumen – this is the largest part and holds upto 50 gallons of partially digested food.	0
The per capita income for the county was $15,983.	0
| 82 || 82 || 37.0 || .472 || .000 || .664 || 9.1 || 1.8 || .8 || 1.3 || 16.1	0
Slowbro and Slowking are the only Pokémon that can de-evolve in the anime.	1
Il gioco segreto ("The Secret Game", 1941)	0
Eukaryotes and Archaea developed separately from a modified eubacterium.	0
LE GRAND CHENE, by Jean Pierre Prevost	0
Hydroxyl bonding of cellulose in water produces a sprayable, moldable material as an alternative to the use of plastics and resins.	0
Their only likely hope was salvation was the longboat, cutter and two smaller boats.	0
On July 22, 2012 the band posted that they had officially began the pre-production (first half) for the follow up to "Identity On Fire".	0
Most biographers consider the story of Mafia blackmail unlikely in light of the FBI's investigations of the Mafia.	0
Although not nearly as popular as his music for My Name is Nobody or many of his other westerns, Morricone's score has received positive notices.	0
Some deposit their eggs inside the pitcher (with the larvae feeding on the pitcher's prey) and help the plants reproduce by transporting pollen from plant to plant.	0
Harper, J. Russell, Cornelius Krieghoff, The Habitant Farm, Ottawa, National Gallery of Canada, 1977.	0
The portions of the barbettes that were behind the main belt were thinner to save weight, which was a practice employed on most German and British ships of the period.	0
Sri Lanka was the host for the second edition in 1986.	0
A replacement bridge was built at the same time the Pont Marie was under construction.	0
Daniel Danielis, Motets, 1993 - Koch Schwann	0
He had a younger brother, Hilary Arthur Reuel Tolkien.	1
Despite several continuity hiccups, the game offered a completely new experience for players at the time.	0
In Italian culture, the number 17 is considered unlucky.	0
In 1821 he and his brothers moved to Mexico, where they set up the shop "El Cajon de Ropa de Las Sietes Puertas".	0
A person from Nigeria is a Nigerian, while a person from Niger is a Nigerien!	1
Roan: an even mixture of white and pigmented hairs, normally red or black.	0
, 17.39% of the total land area was forested.	0
This proposal was rejected by Britain.	0
CEO Alex Martins announced former Oklahoma City assistant general manager Rob Hennigan as the new general manager for the Orlando Magic on June 20, 2012.	0
Finkler scored his first goal for Melbourne Victory (also Victory's 1st goal of the season) in a 2-2 draw against Adelaide United.	0
Micheal Jackson’s, “Thriller” is Zayn’s favourite song.	1
In 2006 they released "a more elaborate and meandering" album, A Matter of Life and Death, which received, along with their two previous studio releases, a gold certification by the BPI.	0
Tomatoes were originally thought to be poisonous!	1
Enghien followed closely with the remainder of his cavalry; he was soon reinforced by a company of Italian mounted arquebusiers, which had been stationed at Racconigi and had started towards the battlefield after hearing the initial artillery exchange.	0
Leopards have very strong and gripping claws so that they can climb even a straight cliff.	1
Clinomania is the excessive desire to lay in bed all day.	1
On 10 April 1941, the Independent State of Croatia was established, supported by Nazi Germany and fascist Italy, and adopting similar racial and political doctrines.	0
The creators of SpongeBob SquarePants tries to make you think of dolphins when SpongeBob laughs.	1
She is a supporter of gay rights.	1
Specifically, the author, Randall Munroe, advises that to see signs of intelligent life on Earth, all one must do is "Wait for nightfall."	0
In a standard box of Dominoes, there are 28 tiles in the game.	1
The meaning of the inscription is 'Horseman Eusie protect!'	0
Particularly remarkable are the cattle of Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi.	1
The Islas de la Bahía and the Swan Islands (all off the north coast) are part of Honduras.	0
The dental formula for peccaries is:	0
Iceland was the first country to legalise abortion in 1935	1
In Rome, he painted Nello studio di Salvatore Rosa, which was awarded first prize in an 1872 exhibition in Rome.	0
In September 2012, Netinera ordered 63 Coradia LINT trains from Alstom, which would be used on services in Rheinland-Pfalz.	0
The invasion became known as the 1982 Lebanon War and the Israeli army occupied Beirut, the only time an Arab capital has been occupied by Israel.	0
Most of the loss of its original habitat is due to the clearing of the rainforests in Indonesia.	0
He also toured for 11 years for Holiday on Ice, and won the 1965 World Professional Figure Skating Championships.	0
According to the biblical Gospels, Christ conducted 24 miraculous cures out a total of 33 miracles.	1
Reinventing Darwin: The Great Debate at the High Table of Evolutionary Theory.	0
The FLEC fights Cabinda Conflict in the region occupied by the former kingdoms of Kakongo, Loango and N&apos;Goyo.	0
Brad Paisley as Himself (1 episode)	0
John had a girlfriend called Helen Norwood however they split up when she rejected John’s marriage proposal.	1
This book is a translation of Nikolaus Riehl's book Zehn Jahre im goldenen Käfig (Ten Years in a Golden Cage) (Riederer-Verlag, 1988); Seitz has written a lengthy introduction to the book.	0
When comparing the properties of compounds in combinatorial chemistry libraries to those of approved drugs and natural products, Feher and Schmidt noted that combinatorial chemistry libraries suffer particularly from the lack of chirality, as well as structure rigidity, both of which are widely regarded as drug-like properties.	0
The knights represented all walks of life and regardless of their differences, they were united by their vows and their order.	0
In Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith, Chewbacca fights in the Clone Wars when his planet, Kashyyyk, is invaded.	1
Edwards County, Texas, has roughly one person and 22 goats per square mile.	1
It lies approximately north-west of Magnuszew, north-west of Kozienice, and south-east of Warsaw.	0
Garshasp then meets a Brahman, whom he questions in detail about philosophy and religion.	0
Various kinds of patterns were carved on bronze, jade, and pottery wares.	1
“The Land, The People, The Light” became a motto after Saint Lucia became free from British rule.	1
The Bella-Edward-Jacob love triangle is typical of the fantasy genre, where a mortal woman falls for a supernatural creature or is forced to choose between the two species.	1
The earthquake was preceded by the death of Zhou Enlai in earlier months and followed by the death of Mao Zedong in September.	0
The village is mentioned in Ptolemy's Geographia of c. 150 as a landmark to locate the 24th clime.	0
Riazanov dedicated himself to the collection and publication of the collected writings of Marx and Engels, launching the Marx-Engels-Gesamtausgabe (MEGA), projected to be completed in 36 volumes.	0
Disney World is the second-largest purchaser of explosives in the United States, the first being the U.S. Department of Defense.	1
France was still occupied by the Germans but there were still cycle races.	0
Kraft singles cannot be advertised as cheese because U.S. FDA standards states a food can only be identified as a cheese if it contains “at least 51% real cheese”.	1
Maxentius was far from secure, however.	0
The Toxicology and Environmental Health Program was established at the NLM in 1967 and is charged with developing computer databases compiled from the medical literature and from the files of governmental and nongovernmental organizations.	0
Municipal councillor of Évry : Since 2001.	0
Before he started pursuing acting, River was initially intent on being a singer and dancer.	1
Half of those deported died in concentration camps.	0
Fellow students included Emanuel Feuermann, Gregor Piatigorsky and Benar Heifetz.	0
Army Chief of Staff, Major General Leonard Wood, took up the matter with Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson, who arranged for MacArthur to be posted to the Office of the Chief of Staff in 1912.	0
She graduated in the same class as Adele and Leona Lewis.	1
It is highly maneuverable, owing to its good thrust to weight ratio, digital fly-by-wire control system, and leading edge extensions (LEX).	0
In his book The Crime of Napoleon (2005), Ribbe controversially accused Napoleon of having used sulphur dioxide gas for the mass execution of more than 100,000 rebellious black slaves when trying to put down slave rebellions in Saint-Domingue (now Haiti) and Guadeloupe.	0
In early 2001, there was another change in leadership of Kuban - the club management moved to the administration of Krasnodar krai, and the new president became Alexander Tkachev, a provincial Governor, whose first task was to recruit for the post of head coach to win promotion to the Russian Premier League and ultimately invited the famous coach Oleg Dolmatov to the role.	0
The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, second edition, edited by Stanley Sadie and John Tyrrell.	0
In 2015, she won two MTV Millennial Awards for the ‘Global Instagrammer of The Year’ and ‘International Hit of The Year’ with her single ‘One Last Time’.	1
A pass is ruled complete if one of the receiver's feet is inbounds at the time of the catch.	0
She died on 21 Oct. 1855, and was buried in the churchyard of Brompton church.	0
It was shown as a monkey that lived in mangroves, and had a diet of fruit.	0
In 2012, at the time when the Russian environmental watchdog Rosprirodnadzor filed claims against Mechel subsidiaries, a minority shareholder in Tomusinsky Open Pit Mine OAO (which is part of Southern Kuzbass) the Swiss Bank Julius Baer and Co. Ltd. accused Tomusinsky of issuing stock at a lower price in violation of the law and shareholders’ rights.	0
The boys thought about auditioning for X Factor in but they didn’t want to be known as ‘that band from X-Factor’.	1
For one moment in time, you were the youngest person in the world.	1
Magneto declares war on the humans and retrieves his own weapon: Phoenix, who is the resurrected former X-Man, Jean Grey.	0
Because of inscriptions found on some of the pieces in the collection it has been suggested that they may have been used in a local church, and they therefore comprise the earliest probable group of Christian liturgical silver yet found in the Roman Empire.	0
^ a b c "Mountain Lions in California".	0
A newborn Holstein calf weighs about 100 pounds and can walk within one hour after birth!	0
The video for ‘A Beautiful Lie’ was shot in Greenland.	1
In 1991 he received a Primetime Emmy Award as best supporting actor in a drama series.	0
The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution, and is most diverse in the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa.	0
She appeared as an Alcoholics Anonymous speaker during an episode of Rescue Me in Season 2.	0
Unless food is mixed with saliva you can't taste it	1
Irradiation of beef is now highly promoted by the industry to increase shelf life, but meat processors have been reluctant to introduce this procedure because of consumer concerns related to its impact on beef quality and safety.	0
It evolves from Pichu when levelled up with high happiness.	1
He was made a member of the Institute in 1893, and was a commander of the Legion of Honor.	0
She was born and raised in Inglewood, California.	1
Calderone expressed a desire to begin broadcasting the video at once and Fair agreed to his request, even though the album was still in production at the time and Carlton's marketing "image" had not yet been developed.	0
Ficaria verna exists in both diploid (2n=16) and tetraploid (2n=32) forms which are very similar in appearance.	1
In most applications it is a less expensive refrigerant than helium.	0
The eagle has long been considered “The King of Birds”.	1
Their first two singles ‘Beat Again’ and ‘Everybody in Love’ both went to number one on the UK Singles Chart.	1
Patients with prosthetic valves also carry a significant increase in risk of thromboembolism.	0
The episode originally aired on January 4, 2004.	0
There were 5,972 housing units at an average density of .	0
On March 31, 1940, the Karelian ASSR was transformed into the Karelo-Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic.	0
France 18-2 Llanelli17,0001938 European Rugby League Championship	0
Quint, who hang out at a mall after being dumped by their girlfriends.	0
The Syrian Hamster is the most popular breed of hamster to have as a pet.	1
Priestess of Demeter was the only married woman allowed to watch the ancient games, with any others who were caught being thrown over a cliff.	1
Shortly after the move, Caroline Becker is captured and held in a nearby castle.	0
Leigh-Anne has pteronarcophobia – which is a fear of flies.	1
The Man Who Loved Women (1983, directed by Blake Edwards) ... as Nancy	0
In 2000 the castle site was properly excavated as a focal point in the town centre.	0
Furthermore, all varieties are susceptible to cross pollination, giving rise to intervarietal seeds.	0
The tomb is decorated with classic images of presentation of offerings and a set of scenes related to the funerary cult of the vizier.	0
Only about 2,000 tons of gold are created per year.	1
The Los Angeles Times revealed the existence of Project Azorian, the American CIA's attempt to recover K-129, which had sunk in 1968.	0
Chile was retaken by Spain in 1814, but lost permanently in 1817 when an army under José de San Martín, crossed the Andes Mountains from Argentina to Chile, and went on to defeat Spanish royalist forces at the Battle of Chacabuco in 1817.	0
Although designed as a double hander, it was selected as the single handed class for the 1948 Olympics but was subsequently replaced by the Finn class.	0
Scorpions glow under ultra violet light	1
The third Sunday of the advent is said to be pink colored according to Christianity.	1
Cancer Support Team, a group of doctors and nurses that collectively treat a cancer patient	0
The Opera Theatre has modern acoustics, lighting, video and audio recording facilities.	0
Another commonly used poly-α olefin base oil as well The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has three food-grade designations: H1, H2 and H3.	0
He is England’s youngest ever goalscorer.	1
Emanuele Alberto Guerrieri (16 March 1851 – 1894), Count of Mirafiori and Fontanafredda, married and had issue.	0
Pausanias (2nd century AD) described the fountain near Epidaurus dedicated to Ino into which loaves were thrown by worshippers hoping to receive an oracle from the goddess.	0
She played Empress Elisabeth of Austria in Mayerling (1957), an early American television film which starred Audrey Hepburn.	0
Barry Paul "Gibby" Gibbs (born September 28, 1948 in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman.	0
The witnesses reported that the ground around the figures remained completely dry during the apparition although the wind was blowing from the south.	0
The Lorraine Motel, where he was killed, is now the site of the National Civil Rights Museum.	1
I asked her why she was crying.	0
Within a few years, the Soviet Union itself had evaporated.	0
The remaining are not considered valid subspecies.	0
The term can also be attributed to an incident where a legitimate injury occurs during a professional wrestling match.	0
One bull for each twenty to thirty cows is usually recommended.	1
FLTSATCOM Flight 6 Launch Book - TRW Electronics and Defense Sector, April 1986	0
Rufus Phineas Stebbins (1810-1885), American clergyman	0
Despite being only able to reach 49 inches in height, lotus flowers can spread 10 feet horizontally.	1
The U.S. court system is divided into 94 federal judicial districts, each with a district court.	0
The introduction of the Queen radically changed the canon understanding of the Borg function; some fans consider the Borg queen "nothing more than an illogical plot device" designed to make for "good theater."	0
The song was included on Soundgarden's 1997 greatest hits album, A-Sides.	0
Henry investigates Royal's cancer claim and discovers the hospital had closed years before, his doctor is fake, and that his cancer medication is just Tic Tacs.	0
Oak trees don't produce acorns until they are 50 years old	1
Robey was proud of the match and joked: "I just wanted to make sure that Chelsea stay in the first division."	0
Spotting him at a Beštije gig in 1969, Željko Bebek invited 18-year-old Bregović to play bass guitar in his band Kodeksi, which Goran gladly accepted.	0
Lowest attendance in a qualifying match: 0, Costa Rica vs Panama, 26 March 2005, Estadio Ricardo Saprissa, San Juan de Tibás, San José, Costa Rica, 2006 CONCACAF Final Group.	0
Beauford and I were complete opposites: me an introvert and Beauford the extrovert."	0
"Zoodles" are noodles made out of zucchini.	1
Thondup, Tulku & Harold Talbott (1995).	0
Approximately 99% of young males disperse 50 to 400 miles; about 70–80% of young females disperse 20 to 150 miles.	0
The most used hashtags are #love, #instagood, #me, #cute and #follow.	1
Online references using Cricinfo or Wisden may require free registration for access.	0
For King of Sparta see Menelaus.	0
He joined up with several other Vine stars to create the group known as Magcon, which stands for ‘Meet &amp; Greet Convention’.	1
Ard Schenk (born 1944), Dutch speed skater (see also: Ard Schenk Award)	0
Koa is endemic to the islands of Hawai i, Moloka i, Maui, Lāna i, O ahu, and Kaua i, where it grows at elevations of .	0
In June 2005, Davis graduated from Wylie E. Groves High School.	0
Pikachu is very strong in the show, but having a Pikachu like that in the games wouldn’t be as easy, because Pikachu’s Defense and Special Defense stats are rather low.	1
The lighthouse was built of cement-rendered bricks and only needed to be 8 metres high due to the elevation of the site.	0
Hamilton and Button were third and fourth on the grid in Singapore, with just 5 tenths separating the top 5.	0
William J. Jefferson (D) 79.0% Art Schwertz (R) 21.0%	0
River is a big fan of Machine Gun Kelly and Eminem.	1
Unlike many of her contemporaries, Grandval wrote many pieces for oboe, and unlike her female contemporaries, she wrote several operas.	0
Långholmen Football club was founded in 2002 and is now an important part of the sporting and social life of the expatriate community in Stockholm.	0
As the execution party ascended a hill, Alban began to thirst, whereupon a spring immediately sprang up to give him water.	0
Forgiveness is the number one trait linked to happiness in humans.	1
Cats are thought to be pretty smart, and with a brain 90% similar to the human brain, it’s no surprise.	1
Funding was often cut, especially during periods of economic decline and wartime.	0
During the same year, he was honoured with the World Horror Convention Grand Master Award by Stephen King.	1
In an interview with the Financial Times, Greg Dyke the current Chairman of the FA stresses the central role of David Dein in the creation of the Premier League when he states "David Dein was the most revolutionary bloke I've met in football.	0
present tense stem has suffix –u.	0
He then installed an Israelite puppet king, Hoshea, (732-723 BCE) in the place of Pekah.	0
Her favourite singer is Stevie Wonder.	1
—Foreign Minister Winston Peters called for the immediate release of Tsvangirai and his colleagues.	0
Beyoncé enjoys swimming in the ocean.	1
In England these are referred to as “chips”.	1
The mechanical design of the GG1 was based largely on the New Haven EP3, which had been borrowed earlier from the New Haven Railroad by PRR to compare it to its current standard electric locomotive, the P5a.	0
Grayan-et-l'Hôpital is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.	0
Originally, Vincent was meant to become a pastor like his father was.	1
The two met in a rematch at the conclusion of the season, on June 8, 2013 at UFC on Fuel TV 10.	0
Steven can talk some Korean although he is not able to speak it fluently.	1
Day trains are operated three times a day domestically and once to Stockholm.	0
The game was said to have been based upon the events of the SG-1 seasons; the player was able to select their character for a mission and fulfill the roles of that character as seen in the TV show.	0
She adopted her dog named Chip from an animal shelter.	1
Once he experienced working on 2 feature films, Casey decided he didn’t want to do movies or TV, but instead opted for YouTube because it has a bigger audience.	1
Klingon was added as a Google language option in 2002.	1
Grove had degrees from the universities of Canterbury and Otago and a Masters in Counseling Psychology at the State University of Minnesota.	0
Ventrum yellow, with a black spot on each scale.	0
though there are emergency landings from flights passing nearby the airport.	0
2 points: ﺏ ×4, ﺭ ×3, ﺕ ×4, ﺩ ×3, ﺱ ×3, ﺙ ×3,	0
Snow produced mechanically typically has high relative moisture content and low amounts of loft because the crystal structure resembles small, dense pellets.	0
Ludacris, Kanye West and Pusha T are just a few of the other artists that Drake has fallen out with in the past.	1
The term ascribed to this is Bumiputra (from Sanskrit Bhumiputra), a Malay word, which is translated to 'Sons of the Land'.	0
It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, and Peru.	0
The deepest part of any ocean in the world is the Mariana trench in the Pacific with a depth of 35,797 feet!	1
Lapras has the highest base HP of all Ice-types.	1
"Cougar Attacks on Humans: A Case Report".	0
Edward often Tweets about how proud he is of his daughter, his Twitter is @CaptainEddieB.	1
Albert Rivière – Minister of Pensions	0
Recorded in October–December 1979, the album was released in March 1980 where it became the band's first record to reach No.	0
He likes to swear a lot, which is why he is normally quiet in interviews.	1
If you use pressure, we will deploy pressure and force.	0
Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd. (Foton Motor) is a subsidiary of BAIC which designs and manufactures trucks, buses, sport utility vehicles and agricultural machinery.	0
Between December 1982 and February 1983 she was refitted again to enable her to operate BAe Sea Harriers which replaced the Sea Hawk.	0
Agnes has often cited strong female soul singers like Beyoncé, Whitney Houston and Janet Jackson as her inspiration in music.	0
Fewest wins - UD Las Palmas and Real Zaragoza (9)	0
It was reported on 17 June Iran’s newly elected president Hassan Rohani had expressed readiness for bilateral talks with Washington, with conditions.	0
From these divisions spring smaller subdivisions such as physics, poetry, music and many others.	0
The highest point of the arch bridge was 28.5 meters above the water.	0
Saturn has 64 known moons orbiting it.	1
Started his first seven games and made 30 tackles as junior before injuring his knee.	0
Robin is tied to a missile which is launched but is saved, and Quork is taken back to Mars.	0
He revealed he was gay 18th November 2012, with the encouragement of Louis Walsh.	1
ActionScript, a programming language originally developed by Macromedia and currently by Adobe for developing Flash and Flex applications	0
1940 - Richard Attwood, English race car driver	0
The PKA has since operated as a promotion company.	0
France was one of the four European teams that participated at the inaugural World Cup in 1930 and have appeared in 13 FIFA World Cups, tied for fifth-best.	0
1980 - Channing Tatum, American actor and producer	0
The 2400-series car are the first heavy rail transit order built by Boeing (an aircraft manufacturer) and the first rapid transit cars in Chicago to have sliding doors (2-pair on each side) in more than 50 years prior.	0
1986 - David Silva, Spanish footballer	0
To your brain, one sleepless night is the cognitive equivalent of being legally drunk.	1
Appointed head of the project the following year, Ovington remained until 1904 when she was appointed fellow of the Greenwich House Committee on Social Investigations.	0
The sixth sick sheik�s sixth sheep�s sick' is said to be the toughest tongue twister	1
The population was made up of 634 Swiss men (46.7% of the population) and 31 (2.3%) non-Swiss men.	0
Emmanuel (known as Manuel or Manwel) Magri, S.J.	0
Going to the beach is like getting a beauty treatment for your skin.	1
Ralph suddenly runs into an officer from the warship and bursts into tears over the death of Piggy and the "end of innocence".	0
Jesy Nelson was born on 14th June 1991, she is the oldest member of Little Mix.	1
1907 first elected in 1965 as Ralliement Créditiste member for Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec.	0
1st Stage 1 Volta ao Algarve, Gert Steegmans	0
Hind wing: uniform, irrorated with black scales at base, a large black subcostal spot before the apex, and in a few specimens indications of black scaling on the termen anteriorly.	0
Health problems also appear to be minimal, despite the wide range of climatic conditions in which they thrive.	0
80% of the world's rose species come from Asia	1
Quickstep/ "You&apos;re the One That I Want"	0
Amy Bowtell; Irish Female Professional Tennis Player.	0
Siouxsie and the Banshees' first album, The Scream, released in November 1978, was also retrospectively pictured as "cold wave" by music historian Simon Reynolds.	0
He has a role in the 2016 film, Bad Neighbours 2.	1
According to Bruno’a mom Bernie, when Bruno was in high school, he would go to school not with books, but with a guitar/ukulele.	1
Avid hunters of deer on horseback, Henri Menier and his brothers acquired more than 13,000 acres (53 km²) of forested land in the Picardy region as well as in the Val-d&apos;Oise département where Henri owned a château in the town of Vauréal.	0
One of his favourite songs is ‘I Don’t Wanna Miss A Thing’ by Aerosmith.	1
Prior to the Jesuit China Missions, it was used for establishing the summer and winter solstices in traditional Chinese astronomy.	0
These powers vanish after she quits taking Banshee.	0
Every time you kiss someone, the brain releases chemicals that attack stress hormones in which instantly improves mood.	1
He moved to Birmingham when he was young where he grew up.	1
During the 2006 election cycle, McCain attended 346 events and raised more than $10.5 million on behalf of Republican candidates.	0
T. p. pallida Godman & Salvin, 1898	0
1979 (81st) - Takashi Atōda, Napoleon Crazy (Short story collection)	0
Richard Woods, O.P., Meister Eckhart: The Gospel of Peace and Justice, Tape Cassette Program, Chicago: Center for Religion & Society, 1993.	0
The vessels were hailed with frontal hostility by the Venezuelan Creoles, a refusal to sell cocoa to the Company, and an uprising against the newcomers and the local Spanish garrison, until control was re-established.	0
Departure frequency is one two one decimal three.	0
, as evidenced by 2008's economic turbulence	0
Meg is the eldest child of the Griffin family.	1
The Urchfont Scarecrow Festival has been running since the 90’s and draws in up to 10,000 people every year.	1
Baseball great Babe Ruth spent one year as a first base coach for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1938.	1
An orange’s skin turns orange as the weather cools but in hotter areas, the chlorophyll stays and the fruit remains green.	1
Aerodactyl is the fastest Rock-type Pokémon, with a base Speed of 130.	1
While recording for his then-upcoming album, 18 Months, Calvin wanted to collaborate with Florence Welch.	0
In that "economic, social, institutional and political factors, combined with other harmful processes and events such as civil war and poverty were all identified to be the principal root cause behind population displacements- not environmental change alone".	0
From 1943, Albert Camus had correspondence with Altiero Spinelli who founded the European Federalist Movement in Milan—see Ventotene Manifesto and the book "Unire l'Europa, superare gli stati", Altiero Spinelli nel Partito d'Azione del Nord Italia e in Francia dal 1944 al 1945-annexed a letter by Altiero Spinelli to Albert Camus.	0
As of 2014 (and for the first time in history) the majority of the people in the UK will be over-40.	1
To ensure safe and predictable operation the components of the transmission system are controlled with generators, switches, circuit breakers and loads.	0
Alfred John "Jack" Kelsey (19 November 1929 – 18 March 1992) was a Welsh international football goalkeeper, who also played for Arsenal.	0
However, a representative from Pennsylvania, Robert Morris, did manage to convince Congress to return to Philadelphia while the new permanent capital was being built.	0
He once lived on an Indian reservation.	1
Pikachu is Ash’s only Electric-type Pokémon.	1
She was raised in Reformed Judaism.	1
Both Arsenal and Preston had identical records aside from their goal averages.	0
U-270 departed Lorient for the last time on 10 August 1944.	0
Kia averaged 12 points and 3 rebounds in 5 games.	0
Barro is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.	0
|| June 16, 1993 || Machala, Ecuador || || 1–2 || Loss || 1993 Copa América	0
The word "White" comes from the Indo-European root kweit meaning "to shine."	1
He was first elected to Parliament at the Dorchester riding in the 1953 general election.	0
The platform also relies on a strong network of partners :	0
He is a fan of AC/DC and The Ramones.	1
Cable 'heals' Sunspot of this persona dominating his body, transferring some of his Askani knowledge into Sunspot, allowing Sunspot to speak the Askani language and know of their meditation techniques.	0
Chile, down 1-0, would be eliminated from the upcoming World Cup if they lost.	0
Fanny also mentions that her sister Susie had joined them at the Bertram household whilst Maria, whom Henry refused to marry, and crabby Aunt Norris were forced to keep each other company by taking up residence in a small cottage removed from Mansfield Park.	0
However, the human sense of smell is much weaker than the sense of smells which animals have.	1
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.	1
10 years before King Edward died, he promised his cousin, William, that he would be the successor to the throne.	1
General identifying descriptions of the related crystalline varieties are:	0
On March 3, 2004, in his tenth season with the Capitals, Gonchar was traded to the Boston Bruins for Shaone Morrisonn and two draft picks.	0
The Satellite Awards are an annual award given by the International Press Academy.	0
In 2013, they won two awards which were Channel V’s, Oz Artist Award, and an MTV award for Breakthrough Band.	1
As a result, the hall is on the 1st floor, while on ground level is a passage to the bridge.	0
Pertti Lehtonen (born October 18, 1956 in Helsinki, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga.	0
Medaglia Luigi Galvani della Società Chimica Italiana (1997)	0
Swages called "fullers" are often used in bladesmithing, for making grooves in swords and knives.	0
Jedward done an advertisement for Shake N’ Vac.	1
This details the trials of JackRackam, Mary Read, Anne Bonny, and Charles Vane.	0
It is the capital district of the Kırşehir Province.	0
Jennifer Lopez — "Love Don't Cost a Thing"	0
inside of the legs and underline also being the lighter shade.	0
Existing military bases in Texas were expanded and numerous new training bases were built: Texas World War II Army Airfields, Brooke Army Medical Center, Camp Mabry, Corpus Christi Army Depot, Fort Bliss, Fort Hood, Fort Sam Houston, Ingleside Army Depot, Red River Army Depot, especially for aviation training.	0
His official Twitter profile is @ZaynMalik.	1
She bayoneted at least one German soldier to death.	0
One of the reasons the World Wide Fund (WWF) chose the Panda as their logo was to save printing costs!	1
The remaining are not considered valid subspecies.	0
At the end of 2003 O'Grady and Voigt left for Cofidis and Team CSC respectively.	0
He expressed his frustrations over divisions within the team, finding it necessary to completely replace the 2009 team for 2010. and had ruled that ONT should take over preparation for Eurovision from BTRC.	0
Her plan is thrown into disarray when she meets Italian-American Arturo Bandini (Colin Farrell).	0
"Lane moje" and was an Award-Winning song from the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 by Zeljko Joksimovic and Ad Hoc Orchestra.	0
The prisoners wore greatcoats to conceal the bulges made by the sand and were referred to as "penguins" because of their supposed resemblance to the animal.	0
In Starbuck, Washington, there is not a single branch of Starbucks coffee.	1
Paradoxically, some proposed solutions to global warming that focus on more active techniques, solar radiation management through the use of a space sunshade for one, may also carry with them increased chances of drought.	0
As other cats, the Pumas more or less live a solitary life.	1
No matter how ticklish you are, it’s impossible to tickle yourself since you’re expecting it and your brain processes it differently.	1
A narwhal's tusk is actually an exaggerated front left tooth.	1
On February 1, 1908, Francis Haszard became Liberal party leader and Premier after Peters died in office.	0
Their poetry was music to the eye, not to the ear, and their legacy is also apparent in Dante and Petrarch's lyrics.	0
Ireland is called Éire in Irish.	1
Miss Hoover spells it out very clearly to Marge that no one in in the class likes her for being to isolated and unique.	0
Balonguine is a settlement in Senegal.	0
"Their swords cut so well that they can cut a soft paper just by putting it on the edge and by blowing on it."	0
Emerson is of relatively average height, standing at just 5’6 feet tall (173 centimeters).	1
Henck Arron became the South American nation's first Prime Minister.	0
In Africa alone, 400,000 babies were born with HIV in 2009, despite the fact that we have the means to prevent transmission - Professor Michel Kazatchkine, Executive Director of the Global Fund, called this an outrage at a Ministerial Meeting in Yaoundé, Cameroon on 8 May 2010.	0
Over 166,000 residents applied for individual assistance, with about $117 million (2003 USD, $ USD) approved for residents to assist with temporary housing and home repairs.	0
On September 24th, 2009 at 5:50 P.M, Ireland celebrated the 250th anniversary of Guinness with “Arthur’s Day.”	1
Lord Byron admired Crabbe's poetry, and called him "nature's sternest painter, yet the best".	0
Harry Houdini is a well-known example of an escape artist or escapologist.	0
For the first time, the official New Zealand title mentioned New Zealand separately from the United Kingdom and the other realms, to highlight the monarch's role specifically as Queen of New Zealand, as well as the shared aspect of the Crown throughout the realms; the title at that time was Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Her Other Realms and Territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith.	0
As of 2007 the population was 5,732 in a total area of 635 km².	0
One exception to this format is the cartoon “The Phantom of the Theater,” which begins after the actors have finished a show; all the action in this story takes place backstage.	0
The total population of insects is estimated to be a billion times greater than that of the human population.	1
"Husbands and Trophy Wives" & "Reasons to Believe"	0
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is a department of ICANN responsible for managing the DNS Root and the numbering system for IP addresses.	0
there fore Islamic forecasts say that people of Khost wa Fring which are called Khosti are the first followers and soldiers of (aj).	0
Electrode is based on a living Poké Ball, and is often mistaken for one.	1
The player can only equip weapons and items in the midst of gameplay (the game still runs real-time as the player manipulates the inventory), as opposed to the game pausing.	0
Harland Sanders started selling his world famous chicken in 1930 from a Route 25 petrol station near North Corbin, Kentucky, named ‘Sanders Court &amp; Café’.	1
Chen Liangyu (陈良宇), expelled from Communist Party due to scandal	0
About a third of the weight of all biological material and life on the Earth is from microbes.	1
These wallabies have a reputation as shy and solitary animals.	0
Their debut single ‘Can We Dance’ came out on 29th September 2013 which debuted at number two on the UK Singles Chart on 6th October.	1
The Mahabharata and Ramayana, for example, are written almost exclusively in shlokas.	0
Ramps grow in close groups strongly rooted just beneath the surface of the soil.	1
The trench is kept filled with slurry (usually a mixture of bentonite and water) at all times to prevent collapse.	0
The last year of amateur era saw Estudiantes being runner-up to Boca Juniors.	0
Julia's memory inspired songs such as the 1968 Beatles song "Julia", with its dreamlike imagery of "hair of floating sky glimmering", recalling Lennon's boyhood memories of his mother.	0
Horace Andy (born 1951), Jamaican reggae singer	0
During this process they are learning about both the capabilities of their voice and the fighting process.	0
Electricity generation encompasses a broad mix of technologies including Nuclear (e.g.	0
In addition to his role in Chicago, he was music director of the Vienna Symphony from 1973 to 1976.	0
In the U.K. and Australia, Friday is sometimes referred to by the acronym “POETS Day,” which stands for “Piss Off Early Tomorrow’s Saturday.”	1
In 2010, an obsessive fan broke into Aston’s bedroom!	1
Academy Award-winning actress Whoopi Goldberg's first job was as a bricklayer in New York City.	1
1993Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan ChonkinŽivot a neobyčejná dobrodružství vojáka Ivana Čonkina	0
Before the plane crash, he was a collections supervisor for a box company, which was owned by Hugo Reyes.	1
"There was this whole madness last year when it was announced that... Susie was going to produce a couple of episodes," Collinson told Doctor Who Magazine in issue 380, "cos everyone immediately thought that I was leaving, and she was taking over.	0
Brookwood Cemetery is located on both sides of Cemetery Pales in Woking.	0
Betsey graduated with a bachelor's degree in English language and Literature.	0
While Hawks was not sympathetic to feminism, he popularized the Hawksian woman archetype, which has been cited as a prototype of the post-feminist movement.	0
Puth’s star sign is Sagittarius, putting him alongside other celebs including Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj and Vanessa Hudgens.	1
Varesco also edited Metastasio's libretto for Il re pastore,	0
Originally, Steven’s parents wanted him to study to become a doctor, however once they found out that it wasn’t his life path, they supported him and gave him a two-year trial period to pursue his acting career.	1
However in August 2015, Austin announced that their relationship had ended.	1
Of the three Elven rings of power, Gandalf was given Narya, which had the abilities to control fire and light.	1
Two of the beasts are killed, one by the *O*N*E* Sentinels, the other by X-23 and the third escaped.	0
At the headquarters of , Professor Hans Scheurenbrand has constructed the Harmonices Mundi (named after Kepler's book of the same name), which consists of a technologically sophisticated astronomical clock, a world time clock, and a 74 bell glockenspiel.	0
Stars seem to twinkle in the night sky due to the light being disrupted as it passes though the Earth’s atmosphere.	1
However, the original lineup dissolved by 1976, and three new members entered the fold.	0
If you cut off a snail’s eye, it will grow a new one.	1
An elephant has 27 pairs of chromosomes.	1
The 7-inch single Cult Hero featured vocals from family, close friends and even their local postman.	1
Marie Antoinette’s last words were to her executioner after accidentally stepping on his foot, saying, “Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it.”	1
They have released two albums, Gimme My Money Back on Arhoolie Records and I Got a Big, Fat Woman on the Sound of New Orleans Records label.	0
The program runs under Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, and Mac OS X.	0
Female clownfish lay up to a thousand eggs on coral or rocks on anemones.	1
Paddington Bear, a fictional character in children's books, is renowned for his particular liking for marmalade.	0
Adolf Hitler was Time Magazine‘s Man of the Year for 1938!	1
Kiyoshi Koishi and avant-garde photography ( ) Nihon no shashinka ( , "Japanese Photographers"), volume 15.	0
Jaymi Hensley used to do ballet.	1
Engines: 1492 cc, 58, later 60 PS, 1698 cc, 60, later 66 PS, 1698 cc, 75 PS, 1897 cc, 90 PS, 1897 cc, 106 PS, 2239 cc,	0
Roland Bainton - Here I Stand: A Life of Martin Luther	0
Cayenne is the chief town of six cantons:	0
Laughing has been the cause for death for many people.	1
He reports that Caligula married his sister, threatened to make his horse consul, and that he sent an army to the northern coast of Gaul and as they prepared to invade Britain, one rumour had it that he had them pick sea shells on the shore (evidence shows that this could be a fabrication as the word for shell in Latin doubles as the word that the legionaries of the time used to call the 'huts' that the soldiers erected during the night while on campaign).	0
Public bus service in Lehigh Valley is available through the Lehigh and Northampton Transportation Authority, known as LANTA.	0
Before 1863 the postal service in the US was free	1
The regular American Airlines flight AA1776 from Philadelphia to Orlando is named after the year the US Declaration of Independence was signed.	1
Her mother Pearl Lowe wrote about the situation in her book, All That Glitters.	0
The Siege of Mantua would become the focus of many battles during the remainder of 1796.	0
50th1963San Sebastián, Euskadi March 17Lasarte Hippodrome11125	0
He also applied psychological principles to the field of clinical psychology attempting to help those who are ill through a variety of different treatments.	0
An individual blood cell takes about 60 seconds to make a complete circuit of the body!	1
You are more likely to be killed by an asteroid than to win the lottery.	1
It is a pristinely white shop.	0
In 2016, 436 leopard deaths were recorded in India - including 154 killings at the hands of poachers.	0
Think a little less, live a little more.	1
He has one sister called Milly.	1
Warm colors such as yellow, orange and red make you hungry - Which is why many fast food restaurants are yellow, orange and red.	1
Actors such as Chandrababu, Manorama, Loose Mohan, Thengai Srinivasan, Janagaraj, Cho Ramaswamy, Kamal Haasan are known for using it.	0
Mayor Scamboli (called Combinard in foreign films) is the villain of the movie.	0
Kernel-based Virtual Machine, virtualization solution which turns the Linux kernel into a hypervisor	0
Since then they have also supported Selena Gomez, Taylor Swift, Little Mix, R5 and The Wanted.	1
Marcel Duchamp, De ou par Marcel Duchamp ou Rrose Sélavy, 1966	0
On 4 November 1837 he was elected deputy for the 6th college of Charente-Intérieure (Rochefort), and was reelected for this constituency on 2 March 1839.	0
On November 17, 2010, OK Go visited The Today Show for a special Today Goes Viral series and helped hosts Ann Curry, Meredith Vieira, Matt Lauer, and Al Roker create a stop motion video set to "White Knuckles."	0
It also features Marc Ribot on guitar and Zorn on alto saxophone.	0
The fastest completion of the game was in 31 minutes, 37 secs by Rodrigo Lopes on June 12th ’06.	1
The bird actually has a serrated edge to their beak designed to act as a way of handling food, very much like a knife.	1
He returns the money for the job, refusing to tell where the wife is, and drives off telling the manager never to call him again.	0
Alice O'Fredericks was born Mitzi Otha Alice Fredericksen on 8 September 1899 in Gothenburg, Sweden, the daughter of Danish parents.	0
File:Genouillé 86 Monument 2012.jpg|War memorial in Genouillé	0
Google+ cost $585 million to build, with 500 employees working on it.	1
Solon Bixler – 30 Seconds to Mars’ former guitarist, was replaced with Tomo Milicevic in 2003.	1
Now You See Me (Arthur Tressler)	0
Beautiful Creatures is an American novel.	1
22% of people skip lunch daily	1
Shirley Bassey's gold disc for the Bond Theme, Gold Finger only contained 0.03g of gold.	1
Prior to her marriage she had given birth to another son, the Irish member of parliament Richard Boyd Barrett, whom she put up for adoption.	0
Amy Wong is part of a family who owns the Western hemisphere and raise buggalos.	1
Bartram's Boxes, as they then became known, were regularly sent to Peter Collinson every fall for distribution in England to a wide list of clients, including the Duke of Argyll, James Gordon, James Lee and John Busch, progenitor of the exotic Loddiges nursery in London.	0
Galeandra baueri is a species of orchid.	0
It is an honor Korea respectfully enjoys.	0
Software decoders were written that selected of this small number of possible permutations the one that maximized the similarity of neighboring image lines in the resulting image and displayed the result.	0
It is now seen as a traditional part of Christmas dinner.	1
Tigers have striped skin as well as fur	1
Sometimes this can be a sufficient goal in itself—for instance, to detect any phenotypic changes in a genetically-modified plant intended for human or animal consumption.	0
Classical political philosophy: Xenophon, Plato and Aristotle.	0
He is the son of Mary Cecelia (née Bledsoe), an actress, and Gilbert Lee Robbins (1931–2011), a musician, folk singer, actor, and former manager of The Gaslight Cafe.	0
Nutrients absorbed into the bloodstream are carried to the udder where the cow’s body will put the nutrients together in another form to make milk.	0
?$ 499 starting price, even though Intel's competing Atom processor line debuted on 2 April 2008.	0
File:911 Memorial 16.08.2011.jpg| Construction progress, as of August 22, 2011	0
The Elder Edda of Saemund Sigfusson.	0
A polymath whose fields of interest and contribution included law, theology, philosophy, and music, he is said by some sources to have served as a Chief Administrator to the Muslim caliph of Damascus before his ordination.	0
Dr. Vidyadhar Vyas, Head of the Music Department at the University of Mumbai, claimed that they "revolutionized" music learning by teaching complex musical concepts in short periods of time.	0
When she awakens, Sharon is missing, while fog and falling ash blanket the town.	0
Our white gold jewelry collection is mainly manufactured from 18K gold which is 75% gold and 25% a white colored metal or metals.	0
My Life My Way (2011) Nuclear Blast Records	0
Los Van Van: Pues No Puede Ser/Y No Le Conviene - Egrem/Areito -6558	0
The simple case of homotopy equivalence described above can be used here to show two letters are homotopy equivalent.	0
Translation of by David Strauss, 1846	0
After numerous visits from an angel called Moroni, Joseph Smith started translating the Book of Mormon from ancient golden plates, which were revealed to him to be hidden on the top of Hill Cumorah.	1
Many mechanical engineering companies, especially those in industrialized nations, have begun to incorporate computer-aided engineering (CAE) programs into their existing design and analysis processes, including 2D and 3D solid modeling computer-aided design (CAD).	0
The emblem is the young Cosette, which is based upon the Emile Bayard novel illustration.	1
Colgate’s first toothpaste came in a jar!	1
Most catfish are normally active at night, however the Peppered Cory Catfish is active more often during the day.	1
Foxes are also prey to certain larger animals: eagles, coyotes, grey wolves, bears and mountain lions.	1
Many famous brands in the world are associated with color pink by including it in their logo.	1
: "Un-Gravitify" - Kenichi Tokoi (music), runblebee (lyrics), and Cashell (vocals)	0
Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.	1
Her mother’s name is Andrea Finlay &amp; her father is Scott Kingsley Swift.	1
"Stink Fest Brings Big Crowds to the Huntington's West End".	0
First, Asch believed that social interaction reflects the ability of individual people to synthesize information about group norms, the viewpoints of others and their own perceptions of themselves as group members.	0
Lady Gaga’s eye colour is green.	1
The probe committee is tasked with looking into "all aspects of organising and conducting" the Games, and "to draw lessons from it."	0
Alternatively there were the OPS-28 surface search and target acquisition radar which can deal with low-altitude aircraft and missiles.	0
As a competitor, in addition to developing new techniques for the shotput, he also made motivational tapes for himself, and experimented with Yoga.	0
Despite the claim to the contrary in the folksong Oh du schöner Westerwald, the wind does not whistle quite so cold.	0
Whitney Houston was born on 9th August 1963, and lived to the age of 48.	1
The spots on leopards are known as rosettes because they look so much like black roses.	1
Originally, ‘pineapple‘ was a name used for pine cones, the first recorded mention of the word dates back to 1398.	1
He appeared in People Will Talk with Cary Grant, and he portrayed Robert Taylor's embittered father in MGM's Technicolor 1952 version of Ivanhoe.	0
Monday is the only day of the week that is an anagram for single word, that word being ‘dynamo’.	1
Michener did lend his name to a different television series, Adventures in Paradise, in 1959.	0
- Fujikawaguchiko, Yamanashi – since July 1962 with former Misaka Town	0
This embassy was ordered by the new Stewart king Robert II, three days after his accession.	0
YearOverall RankClinical Medicine and PharmacyLife and Agriculture SciencesSocial Sciences	0
The average cow produces 40 glasses of milk a day	1
The film’s first weekend brought in an amazing $152.5 million in North America.	1
Certain parts of the swamps and "Traict" are classified as a Nature Reserve (major stage for migratory birds) and is managed by the Conservatoire du Littoral.	0
It also features an 11th-century church and a windmill in the village.	0
His father was a failed hairdresser (oral hygienist in the US version) and his mother took in washing.	0
The 2002 NBA draft was held on June 26, 2002 at The Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York.	0
The directive addresses 34 spatial data themes needed for environmental applications.	0
The day the price of gold was pegged to the U.S. dollar is one of the most important points of U.S. history because it helped make the United States the global superpower it is today.	0
His best-known success was at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, where he won a gold medal in the individual large hill event.	0
The same year Vipnet developed a range of services based on cloud computing such as Vip auto nadzor (Vip car surveillance), Vip nadzor radnog vremena (Vip business hours surveillance), Vip nadzor prodaje (Vip sales surveillance) and Vip nadzor brodova (Vip ship surveillance).	0
Psychologist Julian Jaynes proposed that this is a temporary accessing of the bicameral mind; that is, a temporary separating of functions, such that the authoritarian part of the mind seems to literally be speaking to the person as if a separate (and external) voice.	0
A lifelong bachelor, some sources state that Andrew was in a relationship with his neighbor, interior designer Henry Davis Sleeper.	0
Both J. K. Rowling and Chris Columbus stated that Radcliffe was their first choice for the part.	1
She knew from an early age that she wanted to perform, or as she puts it herself “I was a theater dork in high school and did all the plays“.	1
Particularly remarkable are the cattle of Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi.	1
Cuba entre chien et louve (Dir: Noel Burch/France/57min/1997)	0
"Parliament – Discovery of the Bendigo Gold-Field".	0
So if he requires rehabilitative treatment, he might be sent to a drug rehabilitation clinic; if he requires incapacitative treatment, he might be incarcerated indefinitely.	0
Excessive stress has shown to alter brain cells, brain structure and brain function.	1
Samsung truly are a world-wide employer, in 79 countries they employ over 236,000 staff.	1
These amount to no more than 0.2% of the total area surveyed, but can be a problem in areas of very high relief.	0
Picton was, however, tried in the court of King's Bench before Lord Ellenborough in 1806 on a single charge; the misdemeanor of having in 1801 caused torture to be unlawfully inflicted to extract a confession from Luisa Calderon, a young free mulatto girl suspected of assisting one of her lovers to burgle the house of the man with whom she was living, making off with about £500.	0
In 2007, Belarus competed in the World Group for the 4th successive year.	0
Late in the 4th quarter with the Titans down 17–10, a Steve McNair pass was bobbled by George and intercepted by Ray Lewis for a touchdown, sealing the game.	0
‘Canis Lupis‘ is Latin for Grey Wolf, which is the most common.	1
"MiSciNet's Ancestors of Science, Marjorie Lee Browne," , September 10, 2004.	0
In 1963, an East German soldier stole a tank drove it through the Berlin Wall to escape.	1
He did not make his debut until 15 December 2012 coming on in the 77th minute for André Moritz in a 2-2 away draw with Birmingham City.	0
They were put to work on the farms.	0
Luke has a cousin called Zoe.	1
The church also teaches that men and women will only be punished for their own sins, and not for Adam’s transgression.	1
The municipality of Crespino contains the frazioni (subdivisions, mainly villages and hamlets) Arginello, Il Gorgo, La Banchina di Sopra, La Ruota, La Zagatta, Passodoppio, San Cassiano, and Selva.	0
In The Birds of North America, No.	0
In 2011, his single, “It Will Rain,” was included in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 1 soundtrack.	1
This body was provided with an annual grant (beginning at £300,000) for social work, propaganda, and education as a means of bringing about good race relations.	0
The band formed in 2009 through mass auditions.	1
Martin and Buckland formed the band when they met at the University College London (also known as the UCL).	1
In early 1975 the Guinean military consisted of an army of around 5,000, an air force of 300, and a naval component of around 200.	0
Kangaroo meat is widely available, and many people like this meat for its low fat content.	1
The classic conception of the economy as the monopoly seen as somehow semi-neutral, semi-necessary consequence of the competition in a capitalist system.	0
He’s from Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England.	1
Raffles Bulletin of Zoology 50(1): 101-109.	0
The new gearbox selections were the three-speed M30 (briefly offered with an automatic electric clutch), the four-speed M40 and the M41 with four-speed and overdrive.	0
Margaret Spellings earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Houston in 1979 and worked in an education reform commission under Texas Governor William P. Clements and as associate executive director for the Texas Association of School Boards.	0
She is credited under multiple names, including Rowena, Rowena Morrill, and Rowina Morril.	0
He voiced a pilot in a graphic audio book.	0
The next morning, Daltrey made the decision for the band, saying "It's the Who, innit?"	0
Austrodanthonia bipartita (Link) H.P.Linder - Wallaby-grass	0
The church has been well-maintained, even in the Soviet era, and is known to have a 1970 air conditioning system using deep subterranean water from a 250 meter deep artesian aquifer.	0
In addition, catcher's mitts come in single hinge and dual hinge varieties.	0
The last Play Boy centerfold to have staples was published in 1985	1
Although the details of the case are unclear, several factors rendered Herennius vulnerable.	0
The portrayal was of a taller, 4-storey viaduct very similar to a Roman aqueduct but set in Poland.	0
In March 2012, Rental Bureau launched in the UK.	0
His works continuously rise in value.	1
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|32 Wins (28 knockouts), 3 Losses, 1 Draw	0
On 13 October 2010, the Super Tucano A-29B had passed the mark of 48,000 hours since 21 July 2005 on full scale wing-fuselage structural fatigue test, conducted by the Aeronautical Systems Division (ASA), part of the Aeronautics and Space Institute (IAE) at the Structural Testing Laboratory.	0
It did In November 1987 but title announced for 1988.	0
People born on 08/08/08 turned 8 yesterday.	1
Jenna makes references to Aria's romantic relationship with Mr. Fitz, scaring Aria, because it is unclear how she knows about the couple.	0
PPLC provides digital recources, coordinated marketing, courier service between libraries, and a shared online publicly accessible catalog.	0
Pikachu is 1 foot, 4 inches tall (40.64cm) and weighs 13 pounds (5.9kg).	1
Under the regional new order, about 1970, there suddenly arose within a small area three Hauptschulen in Sankt Julian, Offenbach and Lauterecken, which bit by bit were drawn together.	0
Laboratories which did not have overlapping missions would cooperate with each other (for example, Lawrence Livermore would cooperate with the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, which itself was often in competition with Brookhaven National Laboratory).	0
A studio floor has the following characteristics and installations:	0
Arrested at the scene, Kalyayev was convicted of murder and hanged.	0
In modern Western culture, kissing on the lips is most commonly an expression of affection.	0
National Express runs coaches from Dover to other towns in Kent including Canterbury, Folkestone, Ashford, Kent, Maidstone, Gillingham at Hempsted Valley shopping centre and Greenhithe at Bluewater Shopping Centre for Dartford to London including Bexleyheath, Eltham, Walworth, Canary Wharf, Elephant &amp; Castle, The City (The City of London) and to Victoria Coach Station	0
Director John M. Stahl cast Bette Davis as Margaret Carter after seeing her in the studio commissary.	0
In December, Dan Lin revealed that the film would likely start filming in Vancouver in March 2013.	0
It was the first brand to host a fashion show at Westminster Abbey, London, which took place in 2017.	1
EMI did the second rerelease in 1999 (featuring 24-bit digitally remastered sound and no bonus tracks).	0
André Rieu & the Johann Strauss Orchestra - Moonlight Serenade	0
The idea originally began as a linear, all action, puzzle Mario game.	1
Audrey Munson (1891–1996), who posed for the figure,	0
Potito Starace / Horacio Zeballos, 6-4, 6-0.	0
Her first voice acting role was as Agent Kenwyn Jones in Generator Rex.	1
Cinderella is an upcoming American romantic fantasy film directed by Kenneth Branagh from a screenplay written by Aline Brosh McKenna and Chris Weitz.	0
CORAL 66 programming language, a block-structured programming language for real-time systems	0
The vineyards of the DO are at an altitude of between 125 m and 600 mm above sea level.	0
The shortest member of BTS is Jimin, who is 5.67 feet (173 cm) tall.	1
Staff of mechanical engineering and metalworking	0
File:Albert Gleizes, 1913, Les Bateaux de pêche (Fischerboote), oil on canvas, 165 x 111 cm, exhibited Salon d'Automne, Paris, 1913-14, no.	0
Here the stakeholder inputs were modeled as random effects to reflect the uncertainty.	0
Pasta is a type of noodle that is used in cooking.	1
It was produced by Neal Avron, and was released on July 22, 2003 through Capitol Records.	0
Habitat: Stationary water bodies like ponds, lakes and artificial pools.	0
Nayyar is currently writing his first feature film, and his critically acclaimed play, Cotton Candy, continues to run in New Delhi.	1
The Boy Who Talked to Badgers	0
Donald Trump owns and operates around 18 golf courses around the world.	1
Chequered Flag, the first videogame to feature pit stops to repair damage and take on fuel.	0
Black Saturday is the name given to the start of a series of deadly and devastating bushfires in Victoria, Australia, that started on Saturday February the 7th 2009 and were Australia’s all-time worst bushfire disasters.	1
A 99 year old man divorced his 96 year old wife after having been married for 77 years because he discovered an affair she had in the 1940's	1
After removing the brains and properly preserving them, the group used various antibodies and antiserums to detect the presence of the proteins.	0
In English, twelve is the largest number that has just one syllable.	1
In 14 Tests between 1992 and 1993, he stumped ten batsmen while taking 52 catches.	0
Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow took power of Turkmenistan in February 2007, succeeding Saparmurat Niyazov.	1
Performer: Joan Chandler (Jere Halliday) - Replacement - Coronet Theatre - December 3, 1958 to May 16, 1959	0
He can play the guitar, he learnt from a young age.	1
Les Petites-Armoises is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.	0
In the wake of Ieyasu's victory, the Nanbu clan was confirmed in its lordship of the (also known as the ).	0
In the 1920s and 1930s, postage stamps from Tuva were issued.	0
In March, 2010, the 100 millionth copy of the Book of Mormon was printed.	1
More often than not, mountain lions won’t attack humans unless they feel threatened.	1
Sheridan sent the VIII Corps under Brig.	0
The town is also a major traffic junction: Gloggnitz is situated on the main Südbahn (the important rail route between Vienna and Trieste in Italy) and the key S6 motorway .	0
The StoryTeller: Greek Myths is a four episode mini-series, which had a different storyteller (Michael Gambon), but the same dog (again performed and voiced by Brian Henson).	0
According a 2016 World Happiness Report, Panama is the 25th happiest country in the world.	1
By the early 1920s, the days of the cyclecar were numbered.	0
In the bottom of the tenth inning, Dave McNally came on in relief for the AL.	0
In the last few years the company has recruited franchise partners to expand its activities.	0
The Earth is the only place in our solar system where a Solar Eclipse can happen.	1
Robert Nisbet and Gertrude Himmelfarb have attributed a notion of progress to other Greeks.	0
90% of the Irish population is Catholic, but only 30% of those ever attend church.	1
2007: Extension of the site, new name Swiss Alps Jungfrau-Aletsch	0
If our Sun was just an inch in diameter, the nearest star would be 445 miles away!	1
In astrology, Friday is connected with the planet Venus and is symbolized by that planet’s symbol.	1
Peter toured the Pawtucket Brewery with Brian, in an homage to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.	1
This small birth-weight makes Ankole-Watusi bulls useful for	0
Fenty is an amateur triathlete and runner.	0
It was named in March 2005 after Hegemone, one of the Graces, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).	0
Some of the movement deficiencies may be corrected with orthopedic intervention.	0
Almost 800 persons showed up in attendance including a future President, Collector of New York, Chester A. Arthur.	0
This is due to their location at the exit of some of the glens or directly opposite them.	0
The Great Wall of China is 3,728 miles long.	1
bar:1981 at:4068 fontsize:XS text: 4068 shift:(-8,5)	0
"We're about three quarters of the way through the writing process," said McNamara.	0
The average person laughs 10 times a day	1
All this (along with heated discussion of Chernyshevsky's novel What Is to Be Done?)	0
He scored his second A-League goal against Sydney FC on 1 November 2009 after coming off the bench to replace Leo Bertos.	0
James McVey’s favourite film series is The Lord Of the Rings.	1
Chicken eggs nutrition value is the same, regardless of the egg color.	1
When Beethoven moved to Vienna in his early 20’s, he took lessons from Joseph Haydn – another significant and influential composer.	1
There's more dancing — though it's still largely arm-related — and much, much more smiling."	0
Her song ‘Born This Way’ was released on 11th February 2011.	1
He instead drinks several cups of water, fuming about his humiliation.	0
List of stadiums in South Africa	0
Sentenced for five years in 2002.	0
Located to the south of Aylesford, on the A20 London Road, the Royal British Legion Village was founded after the First World War to help injured soldiers following their discharge from the nearby Preston Hall hospital.	0
In 1715, Neumann had already emerged as a rising talent and come to the notice of the Elector of Mainz Lothar Franz von Schönborn.	0
However, among some ancient people, like the Minoans and Sicilians, two-piece bathing suits similar to bikinis were fairly common.	1
Since the 17th century les Baronnies, especially its eastern parts, suffered from land flight due to harsh economic conditions.	0
In the movie, he sings the song "South Coast" by Lillian Bos Ross and Sam Eskin, from whose lyric the character's name is derived.	0
Tutankhamun was the only ancient Egyptian who was mummified with an erect penis.	1
In Broughton, Simon and Ellingham, Mark with McConnachie, James and Duane, Orla (Ed.	0
In March, journalist Banjir Ambarita was stabbed by unidentified persons in the province of Papua shortly after he had written about two cases of women who were reportedly raped by police officers in Papua.	0
The color of the United States Army Signal Corps is orange.	1
Task Force 63 and Military Sealift Command's Sealift Logistics Command (SEALOGEUR) are two separately named formations that actually operate as a unified one with one staff.	0
The average life span of a European Robin is 2 years, and they start to breed in late March.	1
1939 : Le Duel, directed by Pierre Fresnay	0
Amur leopards, also known as Far East leopards, Manchurian leopards or Korean leopards, are found in the Russian Far East.	1
Truus determined to seek out more dramatic roles - playing dizzy teenagers wasn't enough - she wanted to speak to an audience's emotions like Chaplin did (38).	0
A grasshopper can leap 20 times the length of its own body.	1
In flashback, the murder of her abusive father was depicted.	0
Dmitry Sergeyevich Dokhturov ( ) (1756 - November 14(26), 1816, Moscow) was a Russian Infantry General and a prominent military leader during the Patriotic War of 1812.	0
The babies are fed milk twice a day.	0
Halliday explains that the house is haunted by the ghost of the original owner, Louis Playge, a hangman by profession.	0
He was born in Luton, England, UK.	1
Unlike many of the other six days in a week, almost every language around has derived their word for Sunday from the meaning “Sun’s Day” or “Day of Sun”.	1
D.H. Lawrence mentions celandines frequently in Sons and Lovers.	1
Russell’s favorite emoji is the laughing face with tears.	1
Epiphany and St. Mark, Parkdale Anglican church	0
Plastic Surgery could have originated in India with written proof of reconstructive surgery being done in 800BC.	1
The three islands that make up the Cayman Islands – Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman – are in the Western Caribbean, south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica.	1
The 64GB iPhone 5 costs about $238 (£145) to make (including assembly and shipping).	1
I drifted away from the Communist Party because I seemed to be in the wrong place.	0
Jarun played college soccer for the University of Memphis and the University of Dayton, and has played club football for Fort Wayne Fever, Chicago Fire Premier, Atlanta Silverbacks, Vancouver Whitecaps, Flota Świnoujście, Pogoń Szczecin, FC Tampa Bay, Arka Gdynia and Charleroi.	0
Staunton develops his pieces more effectively in a closed position.	0
February used to be the last month of the year, which is why it has the shortest number of days.	1
It is a Sanskrit word that loosely translates into English as "unchangeable", "that which pervades the universe in all its constancy".	0
The most common time for a wake up call is 7am	1
The Finnish intelligentsia wanted a purely Finnish university, the first of its kind in Finland.	0
File:Château d'Issy, 2 Second Floor.jpg|Second floor of Issy, c.1699, Bullet	0
Everyone around the world with blue eyes shares a common ancestor: the first person with blue eyes lived around 6,000 – 10,000 years ago, and before that, everyone had brown eyes.	1
He used his discretionary powers as a President and deviated from convention and precedent in many situations, including – but not limited to – the appointment of the Prime Minister in a hung Parliament, in dismissing a state government and imposing President&apos;s rule there at the suggestion of the Union Cabinet, and during the Kargil conflict.	0
Duke Alfonso's long-sufferance at last had given way.	0
In the school's first ever NCAA Tournament appearance, Simpson recorded 132 yards and two touchdowns against No.	0
The music video teaser was released on November 23.	0
By 1998, millions of viewers were watching the Coca-Cola adverts over the festive season, which meant that over 100 countries had witnessed the big red truck on their screens.	1
The typical wave height from Pacific tsunami is between 6 - 9 metres	1
Bloodhound SSC, the British car built to break the land speed record has 8 times more power than all the cars on the F1 grid combined.	1
Stirrup spout vessel, a specific type of ceramic vessel from Pre-Columbian cultures of South America	0
At trial, the evidence against Neebe was particularly weak, as even the State's Attorney reportedly admitted.	0
On 13 November 2006, Bryant was moved into Hobart's Wilfred Lopes Centre, a secure mental health unit run by the Tasmanian Department of Health and Human Services.	0
Among all of these types, Level I has the most number of units, accounting to 17,438; this is followed by Level III, with 1,688 units; and Level II, with only 94 units.	0
Cynthia – Backing Vocals on "Blackball"	0
Fresh pasta is often served with meat, in dishes such as ravioli.	1
Deconstruction for Beginners Différance is therefore the condition of possibility for all complex systems and hence all philosophy.	0
Because it's the col of modernity.	0
In 1978 the government created Via Rail which took over all national passenger service in the country.	0
Jean-Luc Mélenchon (as Left Front candidate)	0
It's illegal to carry a plank along a pavement in London unless you are unloading it from a vehicle.	1
Niall Skype’s his family and close friends from their tour bus.	1
Canada Census Mother Tongue - Godbout, Quebec	0
Kesha was an extra in Katy Perry’s music video for “I Kissed a Girl.” Katy had some of her friends in the video – among those, a then unknown Kesha.	1
They were used by the Ministry of Magic to guard Azkaban Prison, up until the mid 1996 where they defected, and joined forces with Lord Voldermort.	1
Katniss is also confused as to the nature of her feelings for both Gale and Peeta, both of which are complicated by her fears for the future and her unwillingness to have children who themselves could be subjected to the Hunger Games.	0
Tuesday is the day of the week when the Allied Forces stormed Nazi-held French beaches at the commencement of the D-Day attacks during World War II, on June 6th	1
Neil Young used the previously mentioned Game Boy camera to produce his Silver and Gold album art work, the photo was taken by his daughter Amber.	1
According to Forbes, the franchise's revenue would likely put the Penguins into the top ten after their new arena, Consol Energy Center, opened in 2010.	0
In 1973, he completed his doctoral dissertation under supervision of Professor Jan Tinbergen, the first Nobel laureate in economics.	0
Taraf de Haïdouks (compilation released on Nonesuch Records, 1999)	0
European nations accordingly prepared a crusade, but were delayed.	0
On August 29, 2006, the Dozen released What's Going On, their version of the entire 1971 Marvin Gaye landmark disc What's Going On as a response to the devastation of Hurricane Katrina that struck New Orleans exactly one year earlier.	0
Over the next few days, Andy displays strange and erratic behavior, dressing in an unusually concealing matter and spending his days sitting around the house listless and anemic.	0
"Indians of southern New England and Long Island: Late period", in B. G. Trigger (Ed.	0
They had two sons, James and Robin, and a daughter, Lucy.	0
Members of the community believe in achieving success with women through (what they believe to be) scientific and empirical means, rather than by relying on good looks or intuitive instinct, or by following societal courtship conventions.	0
About 75% of a penguins life is spent in water, where they do all their hunting.	1
T5H Edmonton (North and East Downtown Fringe)	0
Nick Scotti (born 1966), American actor and singer	0
Targeting the office more than the game market, the smallest version of the computer had a total of 9 IC’s, cheapness was the main metric as defined by Jack Tramiel.	0
The time placed him eighth on the all-time collegiate list.	0
Cars failing to complete 70% of the winner's distance are not awarded points.	0
Jedward have represented Ireland twice in Eurovision, once in 2011 and in 2012.	1
After starting a fight in the mess hall, he escapes from prison by overpowering the guards who took him to an isolation cell for punishment and disguising himself as one of them.	0
Mining is also affected by various regulations regarding the health and safety of miners, as well as the environmental impact of mining.	0
Thomas Armat, Colonel William N. Selig, Albert E. Smith, and George Kirke Spoor	0
Martin Luther King Jr. was born on January 15, 1929, in Atlanta, Georgia.	1
Shawn released his first studio album, Handwritten, in April 2015.	1
Jeremiah (Jerry) Paul Ostriker (born April 13, 1937) is an astrophysicist and a professor of astronomy at Columbia University.	0
FIBA Asia Championship for Women in Omura, Japan:	0
The song closes with a number of voice messages discussing J Dilla's legacy and influence on hip-hop music over the years.	0
In addition, they plan to suspend Duncan from his priesthood, though they still do not know him to be Deryni.	0
The character was a plain-talking American who served to poke fun at Nova Scotian customs of that era, while, initially, trying to urge the old-fashioned Canadians to be as clever and hard-working as Yankees.	0
Peter Norton Computing, later Symantec corporation	0
In 1985 it was announced that she would receive the Burma Star for entertaining British guerrilla units in Japanese-occupied Burma.	0
Hakatere (Hatched: 2011; Mother Flossie, Father: Barnard)	0
Burghart Schmidt went to school in Bremen.	0
The US produces 19% of the world's trash	1
He is a prolific discoverer of asteroids and comets, and participates in the Siding Spring Survey (SSS) using the ANU's Uppsala Southern Schmidt Telescope.	0
In 1822, Hugo married his childhood sweetheart, Adele Foucher.	1
The ascetic conception of life was embedded in the Byzantine character and was strengthened by the high development of monastic institutions.	0
Flicker at power frequency is more noticeable in the peripheral vision than it is when viewed directly, as is all flicker (since the peripheral vision is faster—has a higher critical frequency—than the central vision).	0
San Diego and Imperial Valley Railroad (SDIY)	0
Although the City of Lancaster has existed as a district since 1974, figures have been generated by combining data from the towns, villages, and civil parishes that would later be constituent parts of the city.	0
If your room is cold when you fall asleep, you have a higher chance of having a bad dream.	1
1986Beth Herr / Alycia MoultonAmy Holton / Elna Reinach6-1, 6-2	0
Link has only spoken twice: “Come on!” as a co-op character in Wind Waker, and “Giddy-up!” whilst riding Epona in The Twilight Princess.	1
While not official publishing houses, St. Petroc Monastery, Christminster, and St. John Cassian Press have published copies of liturgies for the use of Western Rite congregations within the ROCOR.	0
Ramanella variegata has an immaculate white belly while montana and triangularis are marbled or brown below.	0
Claude Barzotti (born 23 July 1953 as Francesco Barzotti) is a Belgian singer of Italian origin of the 1980s.	0
The average person laughs about thirteen times in a single day.	1
The politics of Gibraltar takes place within a framework of a parliamentary representative democratic British Overseas Territory, whereby the Monarch of the United Kingdom is the constitutional head of state represented by the Governor of Gibraltar.	0
Alpha bronze alloys of 4–5% tin are used to make coins, springs, turbines and blades.	0
Kakyō enables her to cross into her brother's dreams, where she urges Subaru to rise from his catatonia and continue the fight, an important action that later buys Kamui enough time to understand what he should do.	0
It has been estimated that there are approximately ten trillion ants living on Earth at any given time.	1
In the past land clearing and overgrazing by feral and domestic animals were the major threats to this ecological community within Yanga National Park.	0
All leagues from the Bezirksligas onwards were elevated one tier.	0
During its opening weekend the film earned $10.2 million from 3,160 theaters—an average of $3,221 per theater—ranking third for the weekend behind new release The Call ($17.1 million) and holdover Oz the Great and Powerful ($41.3 million).	0
It is typically made from durum wheat flour.	1
Marigold Linton (born 1936), Native American cognitive psychologist	0
This means that his star sign is Sagittarius.	1
Most graffiti artists wish to be called “writers” and accompany their work with a unique signature called a “tag.” This is especially true for graffiti artists who want public recognition.	1
His early work is noted for its display of corporate logos and constructions titled as either "Self-Portraits," "Commercial pieces," or "Anthropospheres."	0
Rabites are also mentioned in Final Fantasy X-2 with an accessory comically named "Rabite's Foot", which increases a character's luck statistic; as well as Final Fantasy Tactics Advance, where they appear in the description of one of the game's optional missions as an endangered species due to being poached for good luck charms.	0
Waking the DeadJack Ely2 episodes: Walking on Water: Part 1 / Walking on Water: Part 2	0
Two additional youths, John Sellars and Michael Baulch, were killed on July 12 and July 19 and on July 25, Henley lured two friends of his named Charles Cobble and Marty Jones to Corll's apartment where, two days later, Cobble was shot and Jones strangled before the youths were buried in Corll's boat shed.	0
37 : 21 (17 : 13)	0
A comets center or nucleus is made of ice and vary greatly in size per comet, ranging from a few meters, to kilometers wide.	1
Some were the natural children of members of The Family; others had been obtained through irregular adoptions arranged by lawyers, doctors and social workers within the group who could bypass the normal processes.	0
His favorite cartoon character is SpongeBob SquarePants.	1
Cows must be milked 2 times per day, every day of the week.	1
The building features pedway access, and was once connected to Chase Tower by a second-story skywalk.	0
The Mantle is the largest layers of the Earth, approximately 2,970 km thick – this makes up about 84% of the Earth’s total volume.	1
This comet was found to have passed just 200,000 km (0.0013 AU) above the sun's surface, equivalent to about half the distance between the Earth and the Moon.	0
Drake made his way into the Rolling Stone’s “25 Best Songs of 2009” with his hit single “Successful.”	1
1992: Won 2 Oscars – Best Visual Effects & Best Makeup:	0
During World War II, he was earmarked as a codebreaker.	1
While she was stripping, she lied to her mom and told her she was earning money by babysitting.	1
The city is divided by the Ji-Paraná River.	0
Charlie McWadeNYPD Officer Steven Gusler3A squeamish new officer training under Yokas and Bosco	0
146 on the UK album chart.	0
On 8 August, 78th Division—moving north from Adrano—took Bronte and 9th Division, advancing from Troina, took Cesaro – both key positions on the New Hube Line.	0
Some territory was assigned to Reinhard, but this fell back to Philip III when Reinhard died.	0
Agusta-Bell 205BG - Prototype fitted with two Gnome H 1200 turboshaft engines.	0
Bowie became a cult icon for his portrayal of Jareth the Goblin King in Jim Henson’s, Labyrinth.	1
ROBERTO MENESCAL (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 2013 - 7min)	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
Coordinating and promoting this programme of investment is the Basildon Renaissance Partnership which was set up in 2003 by Basildon District Council.	0
Because historical pieces were often made of brasses (copper and zinc) and bronzes with different compositions, modern museum and scholarly descriptions of older objects increasingly use the more inclusive term "copper alloy" instead.	0
In the Don’t Stop music video, Calum Hood’s superhero name is Cal-Pal.	1
It is an erect deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 8 m in height.	0
Cardi B’s given name is Belcalis Almanzar.	1
In space, astronauts can’t cry properly because of the zero gravity!	1
The battle-less war was not without incident and these may have lost no luster in the telling.	0
Founder Kanye West's second studio album, Late Registration, included featured guest appearances by every artist that was signed to GOOD Music's roster at the time of its release in August 2005.	0
Home buyers were never told, and only found out when some began having reactions to high levels of lead and chromium.	0
Allen returned with a much anticipated new project for his thirteenth release.	0
The Draco Dwarf is a spheroidal galaxy which was discovered by Albert George Wilson of Lowell Observatory in 1954 on photographic plates of the National Geographic Society's Palomar Observatory Sky Survey (POSS).	0
It was Becky’s cover of Kanye West and Jay Z’s hit Otis that caught Dr. Luke’s attention.	1
The Olive-capped Warbler (Setophaga pityophila) is a species of New World warbler that is native to the western and eastern ends of Cuba as well as Grand Bahama and the Abaco Islands in the Bahamas.	0
For pioneering work in developing the scientific approach for the design and operation of water and wastewater systems.	0
Elvin Feltner, 83, American broadcaster and film producer (Carnival Magic).	0
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.	1
She decided to return to the stage in 1921, so that she could be close to her husband, broker Harold Bolster, in New York.	0
The United States would never use silver dollars again.	0
Flora win the Cup for the second successive year and fourth time in history.	0
The first beer can was invented in 1935.	1
Some biographers have suggested that the couple's relationship was more like that between brother and sister than like husband and wife in that they may have never consummated their marriage.	0
)November 17, 1994November 17, 1934January 3, 2015	0
In 2007, the AOL 31 Days of Horror countdown named Halloween the greatest horror movie.	0
1988 - Dakota Morton, Canadian actor and radio host	0
Architecture Méditerranéenne, No 46, "Résidence Royale", Marseille, 1995, pp.	0
bar:1871 at:1653 fontsize:XS text: 1653 shift:(-8,5)	0
There is a program to scan for copyright infringement called Automated Content ID – it scans over 100 years of video every day.	1
The cougar is known by many different names depending on the region that they are found.	1
N'guigmi is a department of the Diffa Region in Niger.	0
He was once described by the "Bagehot" opinion column in The Economist as a "hard-left oddball".	0
During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.	1
In 1968 on April 8 in the California Bay Area, the first circumambulation of Mt.	0
As a result, the Transvaal reluctantly acquiesced to the immigration of uitlanders (foreigners), mainly from Britain, who came to the Boer region in search of fortune and employment.	0
The Schoodic Peninsula is much more secluded than Mount Desert Island, yet encompasses 3,500 additional acres of Acadia National Park.	1
Cats can see very well in the dark, which explains why they are always wandering around at night.	1
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific!	1
One of his favourite childhood memories was the first time he played the drums in front of an audience.	1
Reuchlin declared that only those books obviously offensive (as the Nizachon and Toldoth Jeschu) would be destroyed.	0
We'll Meet Again1962Hughie Charles Ross Parker	0
Muscat Ottonel is the result of a crossing between one Muscat variety, Muscat d&apos;Eisenstadt (also known as Muscat de Saumur), with the Swiss wine grape Chasselas.	0
Many filmmakers have praised Bergman and some have also cited his work as an influence on their own:	0
Niall feels awkward talking about his body.	1
The name "Passat" means trade wind in German.	0
The hawthorn has been regarded as the emblem of hope, and its branches are stated to have been carried by the ancient Greeks in wedding processions, and to have been used by them to deck the altar of Hymenaios.	0
It has been remarked that its tone is more celebratory than martial; Strauss was commissioned to write the piece to commemorate Radetsky's victory at the Battle of Custoza.	0
• The mosaic patterned walls of the Tottenham Court Road tube station	0
Contrary to popular belief it does not take the Earth 24 hours to complete a single rotation, it actually takes it 23 hours, 56 minutes and 4 seconds to complete a rotation and astronomers call this a sidereal day.	1
Silicon bronze has a composition of Si: 2.80–3.80%, Mn: 0.50–1.30%, Fe: 0.80% max., Zn: 1.50% max., Pb: 0.05% max., Cu: balance.	0
It is 277 miles long, it’s widest point is 18 miles, while its narrowest point is 4 miles.	1
Religious communities founded in the French school tradition	0
It demonstrated excellent handling characteristics and 60 production aircraft were ordered by the Armée de l&apos;Air.	0
They can also pant like a dog as well.	0
In the 1960s, the Beatles wanted to make a movie adaptation of Lord of the Rings, with Stanley Kubrick directing, but Tolkien killed the project!	1
Some accounts describe her as Countess of Moray, on the assumption that she inherited the earldom when her brother John was killed at the Battle of Neville&apos;s Cross.	0
Machamp is one of the four Pokémon having a total of four arms.	1
The problem with night bombing is that the same limitations in visibility meant the bomb aimers would have a difficult time finding their targets, especially a blacked-out target at night.	0
White control over the country's civil service, judiciary, police and armed forces continued.	0
There are only about 500 Batak remaining.	0
Zapdos appeared in the second feature-length Pokémon movie, The Power of One.	1
The Greek noun ηομος means a "norm" (BDAG, def.	0
Triston Palmer Meets Jah Thomas Inna Disco Style (1996) Munich/Majestic	0
Skepticism of Smart Defense is plenty.	0
March 3rd is known as “What if Cats and Dogs Had Opposable Thumbs Day”.	1
One of her favorite board games is Monopoly and she says she never gets sick of them even when the games are very long.	1
The statues are made of bronze and their height is 7 meters.	1
Buck was replaced by another dog named Lucky in later episodes.	0
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined!	1
In 1189, on the breaking up of Robin Hood's company, Robin Hood's great companion Little John, is said to have exhibited his feats of archery on Oxmanstown Green in Dublin, until having been detected in a robbery, he was hanged on Arbour Hill nearby.	0
The Helsinki Accords served as the groundwork for the later Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), established under the Paris Charter.	0
He was educated at Trinity College School in Ontario.	1
Some of the soldiers were ordered to start fighting again at midnight of December 26th, while others continued the truce until New Year’s Day.	1
Current EU legislation with its focus on free trade thus has the potential to result in the dilution of purebred breeds and loss of efficiency gains arising from crossbreeding.	0
For example, the Libro d'Oro of Murano, the glass-making island in the Venetian Lagoon, was instituted in 1602, and from 1605 the heads of the Council of Ten granted the title cittadino di Murano to those heads of families born on the island or resident there for at least twenty-five years.	0
Loneliness causes people to take longer baths/showers, sleep longer and over think more.	1
Jack "Haigho" Smith, held office in 1955, (term lasted for only a few weeks before his death, having previously given devoted service as Honorary Secretary for more than 30 years)	0
After the German attack on Denmark and Norway in April 1940, when the Germans used large numbers of airborne troops, the Dutch command became worried about the possibility they too could become the victim of such a strategic assault.	0
"Sender" in German is used to mean a broadcast station:	0
The most frequent ground constitutes mainly granite slab, rough rubble and uneven surface.	0
Ángela Loij (d. 1974), last surviving full-blooded Selk'nam	0
Bruno Mars‘ real name is Peter Gene Hernandez.	1
I requested him to send the army to Gujarat and suppress the riots.	0
He has three older siblings; sisters, Debbie and Christie, and brother, Daniel.	1
(6) a numeral preceded by a subject clitic (usually mo), similar to a clause;	0
Historically, engines have been supplied by Ford, specifically Ford Kent engines or Cosworth-derived race-prepared BDA/R units, enlarged to 1.7 litres and generating 150–170 bhp.	0
Bowie toured as a backup vocalist and keyboardist for rocker Iggy Pop, in 1977.	1
There were 328 people named Abcde in the United States.	1
When a broader class of people become the decision-makers, it is then their virtues which characterize the types of decisions made.	0
The city of Schechem was reduced to a village and the Samaritan Temple on Mount Gerizim was destroyed.	0
The reason Hillenburg put SpongeBob in a pineapple home is because he thought he’d like the smell; smell is a very important sense for sea animals and sea life.	1
Ahn Heung-chan ( ) − vocals, bass (1992−present)	0
"Round-ups" after the fighting captured more Republican prisoners and resulted in the death of prominent anti-Treaty activist Harry Boland who was shot dead in Skerries on 31 July.	0
USA 2–2 Canada after overtime period	0
He prefers to express his thoughts in fiction, through English.	1
If you want to buy the first Super Man comic, it will cost you at least $150,000!	1
Benedict Arnold later issued a report stating that 48 British soldiers were killed and 145 wounded.	0
He was shot and severely wounded by an emergency response team member as he attempted to flee.	0
When issued in March 2003 ED-112 superseded previous ED-55 and ED-56A that were separate specifications for FDR and CVR.	0
Vaughn's arrival in Cincinnati caused a bit of a controversy with club ownership and their no facial hair policy.	0
Its main resource is the Atlantic salmon and other fruits of the waters and forests, including modern harvest of timber.	0
In cities, heat is generally supplied by heating oil, although some urban suppliers distribute "sods of turf" as "smokeless fuel."	0
He was born on 8th January 1947 and died on 10th January 2016.	1
Magnani had a love affair with the actor Massimo Serato, by whom she had her only child, a son named Luca.	0
Gatete was arrested on 11 September 2002 in the Republic of Congo.	0
Two of her favorite artists are surprisingly enough, Madonna and Lady Gaga.	1
The 2004–05 Gambrinus liga was the twelfth season of top-tier football in the Czech Republic.	0
That same day they also captured the Sophia.	0
It was in the church at Vezelay (1140) that it was extended to the square bay of the porch.	0
The author of many articles in the various editions of the Encyclopaedia of Islam, Schacht also edited The Legacy of Islam for Oxford University Press.	0
It is found in Bhutan, Cambodia, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, and Thailand.	0
Group D: 1–1 This result means that Mexico advances to the Round of 16.	0
The tradition was developed in response to the story in Genesis 50:1-14 in which Joseph mourns the death of his father Jacob (Israel) for seven days.	0
Sasha asks Charlie why he really came back with no con at all.	0
Warrior ants will sometimes carry their injured comrades back to the nest instead of leaving them to die.	1
The stadium has a seating capacity of 4,200 people.	0
The largest academic division on campus, the College of Arts and Sciences offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in a wide range of subjects from philosophy to mathematics.	0
In 2008, Sweet released Sunshine Lies, his 10th studio album, which also incorporated a 2-LP set featuring 4 bonus tracks.	0
She lives at home with her parents and her three siblings in Lawndale, Los Angeles.	1
Ben Coes, novelist, New York Times bestselling author	0
was to be given, its red colour being symbolic of cruelty and ferocity.	0
He later ran for mayor and governor and even sought the presidential nomination, but lost much of his personal prestige when outrage exploded in 1901 after columnist Ambrose Bierce and editor Arthur Brisbane published separate columns months apart that suggested the assassination of William McKinley.	0
Cameron stars in the 2016 feature film The Outfield as Frankie Payton.	1
He is the son of Reed and Virginia Gardner and the last of nine children.	0
The word “ruby” comes from the Latin word rubens, meaning “red”.	1
Human groups of hunter-gatherers arrive in the region from the north, probably Mogollon, Anasazi or Hohokam, following the Sierra Madre Occidental; used plants, took advantage of smaller animal species, as turkeys; occupied the mountains and gradually dispersed in rivers, developing the Paquimé culture or “Casas Grandes”, whose first settlers were collectors in the process of learning sedentary traits.	0
Vans also has a skate park in the UK at London in the Old Vic Tunnes called House of Vans.	1
Cow consumes 40 to 100 pounds of food per day and drinks 30 to 50 gallons of water.	1
The Magnificent Seven Series: The String Quartet Tribute to Thrice	0
Ada Yonath, crystallographer at the Weizmann Institute of Science and first Israeli woman Nobel Prize winner	0
The 180th meridian or antimeridian is the meridian which is 180° east or west of the Prime Meridian with which it forms a great circle.	0
When JJ was younger, his favourite band was Backstreet Boys.	1
The Wanted would love to perform with Chris Brown and Justin Bieber on their upcoming album.	1
The ‘thud-thud’ a heartbeat makes is the sound made by the four valves of the heart opening and closing.	1
Nasalization of these phonemes is denoted with a superscript preceding the consonant (for example, ).	0
Battle of Namka Chun – Sino-Indian War	0
For the movie “The Scorpion King,” Dwayne Johnson earned $5.5 million and registered his name in the Guinness World Records for receiving the highest salary for a first-time leading role.	1
According to Biblical Scholars, Jesus was more than likely born in a cave not a stable as the tale says.	1
Rambla O'Higgins starts at the above intersection and crosses into the barrio of Punta Gorda.	0
The real value of Lowline genetics is to incorporate it in	0
Generally, lions are calm, quiet and elusive.	0
Dried peas are used to make mushy peas, which are infamous as a side dish alongside fish and chips.	1
Gatophobia is the fear of cats	1
Akkalkot is also famous for Gajanan Maharaj's Shivpuri, where Ancient Vedic Therapy Agnihotra is performed.	0
Amadeus V (4 September 1249, Le Bourget-du-Lac - 16 October 1323, Avignon), surnamed the Great for his wisdom and success as a ruler, was the Count of Savoy from 1285 to 1323.	0
Very few species occur outside the tropics or subtropics, and the ones that do only extend marginally beyond these regions.	0
RBL – Range and Bearing Launch	0
An example of the extent of her powers is that a strand of her hair alone is tensile enough to be used to choke someone.	0
As the Spanish cavalry fled, they rode through their own infantry formations.	0
Steven Yeun admitted that hated Lori as much as you did.	1
Orient Express Award - 2004, Festival de Cine de Sitges (Special Mention)	0
Out of all the planets in our Solar System, Mars is the one which people believe is most likely to have life of some sort.	1
From Proto-Celtic to Old Irish, the most important changes are:	0
He admits to being a terrible dancer.	1
Under-Secretary of State for TransportPatrick McLoughlincontinued in office – 14 April 1992	0
American Century Investments, an investment management firm	0
The highest speed ever achieved on a bicycle is 166.94 mph, by Fred Rompelberg!	1
A giraffe’s heart weighs around 11kg, compared to a human heart which weighs between 0.2-0.45kg.	1
Rodham was put into an induced coma in an effort to prevent him from dying.	0
The National Pasta Association is a worldwide group which enjoys eating and discussing pasta, and its history.	1
Sexes are similar, but juveniles are duller than adults, and have scalloping on the body feathers.	0
Since the girl's mother did not return to Chang'an, it is possible that they were too poor to do so.	0
This is the year that the Days of Future Past story occurs.	0
Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery	0
Like the other reissues, there is a documentary on the making of Exciter titled "Depeche Mode 1999–2001 (Presenting the intimate and delicate side of Depeche Mode)".	0
The Eiffel Tower has 1,792 steps	1
The following year, after his return to Britain, he commanded the small army raised to put down the rebellion of the Scottish Covenanters and despite being heavily outnumbered, he decisively defeated the (admittedly poorly equipped) Covenanter rebels at the Battle of Bothwell Bridge on 22 June 1679.	0
What was the impact of the gold rush on Victoria’s population?	0
When Europeans first arrived in the Americas, it is said that the toucan was actually one of the first birds they would have seen.	1
The Maelstrom minions here are easy, such as the Stromling, Stromling Mech, and the Dark Spiderling, born from the Block Yard's boss, the Spider Queen.	0
1201 - Robert de Sorbon, French theologian, founded the Collège de Sorbonne (d. 1274)	0
Her father was the second son of Charles III and his wife Maria Amalia of Saxony; her mother, Maria Luisa of Parma was a granddaughter of Louis XV of France through her mother Princess Louise Élisabeth of France.	0
On high latitudes (north or south), GLONASS' accuracy is better than that of GPS due to the orbital position of the satellites.	0
Before playing professionally, Savery attended Rice University, and played college baseball for the Rice Owls.	0
The original blond bombshell Jean Harlow died aged 26.	1
Palmer owns a Ludwig Vistalite drum kit with blue Vistalite shells.	0
Cordelia is originally an archetypal popular, shallow, mean-spirited cheerleader.	0
Joe Smith (football forward born 1889) (1889–1971), England international footballer with Bolton Wanderers F.C.	0
"Omnishambles" has beaten "Eurogeddon", "Gif" and "Mobot" as Oxford English Dictionary word of the year 2012.	1
According to a letter from Saint-Saëns to Jacques Durand, dated 23 August 1914, the two-piano arrangement was something that Liszt had announced but never realized.	0
The chances of dying by fire are 15 billion to 1!	1
The marriage ceremony took place without the knowledge of Shrewsbury, who, though well aware of the suggested match some time prior to this event, declined to accept any responsibility.	0
Volcanoes can be found in various parts of the world, but Australia is the only continent which does not have an active volcano.	1
U.S. National Archives and Records Administration.	0
Of course the confusion and emotions spiral out of control very quickly at Liam’s movie premiere.	0
Around 1145, Peter became a "magister", or professor, at the cathedral school of Notre Dame in Paris.	0
The current ring of eight was completed when John Taylor &amp; Co of Loughborough cast the treble in 1938.	0
Empress Dowager Yingtian supported Emperor Taizong's younger brother, Yelü Lihu, for the throne instead.	0
For instance, he believes that it is important for a language to be terse:	0
The lyrics to all the band’s songs are written from personal experiences.	1
BuzzFeed sponsored content costs about $20,000 for five or six “articles”.	1
In 2012, he joined Queens Park Rangers' backroom staff, after Hughes was appointed manager.	0
The name comes from Welsh terms ‘pen’, meaning head and ‘gwyn’, meaning white.	1
On the App Store, Flappy Bird has been the number one downloaded free app in 107 countries for iPhone and 100 countries for iPad.	1
, design for the 'hub', 'J'Nanin' and 'Narayan' ages (developed by Presto Studios, Ubisoft, 2001)	0
William VIII (10 March 1682 – 1 February 1760) ruled Hesse-Kassel from 1730 until his death, first as regent (1730–1751) and then as landgrave (1751–1760).	0
Whinney, M.D., William Talman, in Journal of the Warburg and Courtauld Institutes, xviii, 1955.	0
Ghailani learned that being transferred from military to civilian jurisdiction meant that he could no longer be assisted by	0
For every win a player gains a certain amount of percent and once they reach 100% they move to the next letter.	0
bar:1911 at:9128 fontsize:XS text: 9128 shift:(-8,5)	0
From the center outward, components are: the center spindle hole (15 mm), the first-transition area (clamping ring), the clamping area (stacking ring), the second-transition area (mirror band), the program (data) area, and the rim.	0
Developmental administration of the district is carried out by Panchayat Unions (or Town Panchayats) in rural areas.	0
Silicon bronze has a composition of Si: 2.80–3.80%, Mn: 0.50–1.30%, Fe: 0.80% max., Zn: 1.50% max., Pb: 0.05% max., Cu: balance.	0
According to Dietz the trap never succeeded because Lorenzo did not read the work and did not trust Machiavelli, a consistently staunch republican.	0
Every person has a unique tongue print!	1
An item intended to screen the wearer from certain kinds of detection.	0
Lays and Legends of the Rhine, 1827	0
In particular, Derrida analyzes the concept of "sign", which for Saussure has the two separate components of sound and meaning.	0
The WPA had provided millions of Americans with jobs for 8 years.	0
The second axis covered personality disorders and intellectual disabilities.	0
Justin appeared in an episode of CSI on 23rd September 2010.	1
The French supplies, wagon train and all of the French artillery still in it fell into the hands of the victorious Spanish troops.	0
Greenwich, CT: New York Graphic Society, 1968.	0
With his aptitude of languages, Tolkien had learnt: Danish, Dutch, French, German, Gothic, Greek, Italian, Latin, Lombardic, Middle and Old English, Old Norse, Norwegian, Russian, Serbian, Spanish, Swedish, Welsh and Medieval Welsh.	1
Le carnaval romain, ouverture pour orchestre (Roman Carnival Overture), Op.	0
Overlay involves overlaying GPS data as text on the recorded video.	0
In general, there are two types of lymphoma research: clinical or translational research and basic research.	0
Queen Victoria was a known fan.	1
Newcastle were aggrieved at the length of time Owen would now be out of action in forthcoming Premier League and Cup competitions as a result of the World Cup injury, particularly as he had been out for the half-season prior to the World Cup.	0
These two exhibitions laid the foundations for the famous Yellow House project of 1970-71.	0
Born in Nîmes, he grew up in Aubais, a French village with a strong bull tradition.	0
He played as a forward, mainly in the past with SE Palmeiras and Corinthians.	0
Kenneth Mitchell as Cliff ("The Trouble with Troubles")	0
The seed should be set in warm water up to 2 inches deep; no more than that.	0
Le Grand Ricci, the most important Dictionary, was finally published in 2002: it includes seven volumes, nine thousand pages, 13,500 words and more than 300,000 definitions.	0
He is said to have joked about melting down a statuette of the goddess of victory Nike which was held in the hand of a Zeus statue, saying "Zeus has given me Victory".	0
Expedia.com, Hotels.com, Hotwire.com, Trivago, Travelocity, and Orbitz are all owned by the same company, Expedia Inc.	1
A second (and sometimes third) section of the PHE is added to remove the remaining heat with a mixture of chilled pure water and propylene glycol.	0
Gaga refers to her listeners as her ‘Little Monsters’.	1
Ariana has an older half-brother called Frankie who is ten years older than her.	1
Mariela and Gonzalo are not known and apparently have nothing in common.	0
India is the second largest consumer of gold in the world.	1
In India, nine pale and white leopards were reported between 1905 and 1967.	0
The real value of Lowline genetics is to incorporate it in	0
According to research by University College, London, such is the concentration of dust particles, that travelling on London's Underground for 40 minutes is the equivalent to smoking two cigarettes.	1
Meanwhile back at Armida, Andrew Carr has learned how to enter the Overworld and locates Callista.	0
Monck (electoral district), a historic electoral district in Canada	0
In February 1995 the Supreme Court of the Republic of China condemned the defendants to death.	0
Węgrów is a town in eastern Poland with 12,561 inhabitants (31 December 2003).	0
Dwight confronts Wade in a club's toilet and, after a brief fight, fatally stabs him in the temple.	0
Around this time, Paul is taken to the bandaging ward, from which, according to its reputation, nobody has ever returned alive; but he later returns to the normal rooms triumphantly, only to find Kropp in agony.	0
This strip would then have been continued downward until the bottom of the handle where the potter would have cut a U-shaped arch in the clay before attaching the handle to the body of the vase.	0
In 1995, González joined the San Juan Senators for the 1995 Caribbean Series and hit .375 with 6 RBI as the Puerto Rican "Dream Team" won the title.	0
It lies close to the border between the boroughs of Islington and Hackney.	0
Of the rest of the population, there was 1 member of an Orthodox church who belonged.	0
The most popular tutorial that is searched for is “How to kiss.” The second most searched for tutorial is “how to tie a tie.”	1
Since "sugarcane" ( Hokkien: 甘蔗kam-chià) is a near homonym to "thank you" (Hokkien: 感谢kám-siā) in the Hokkien dialect, Hokkiens offer sugarcane on the eve of his birthday, symbolic of their gratitude.	0
Lobsters and Jellyfish are biologically immortal, they can live forever!	1
In his maps the names of the settlements are strongly Arabized.	0
In the comics, both his father and grandfather have histories of being Pokémon trainers, just like Ash.	1
The White Palace or Potrang Karpo is the part of the Potala Palace that makes up the living quarters of the Dalai Lama.	0
Increased scrutiny eventually led to restrictions and bans on the use of different neonicotinoids in several countries.	0
Although an animal, Horse is easily as intelligent as Cowboy and Indian (put together) and is the leader of the "family" he, Cowboy and Indian are part of.	0
Instead, cows are artificially inseminated with bull semen that is stored kept frozen in liquid nitrogen, and is "bred" by a person who artificially inseminates cows for a living.	0
At the age of 20, Norman served as assistant professional under Billy McWilliam OAM at Beverley Park Golf Club in Sydney, New South Wales.	0
Open the Door (2012) (w. Elliott Sharp)	0
He has also admitted that he hates his own hit, The Lazy Song.	1
Family Arena, Saint Charles, Missouri, United States	0
A group of kangaroos is known as a mob.	1
City status in the United Kingdom	0
After an short exchange of fire Stremitelnyi and Kirov were hit and the detachment retired from battle.	0
The most usual setting for the story of Semele is the palace that occupied the acropolis of Thebes, called the Cadmeia.	0
When content, a leopard will actually purr, but when angry scream and roar in fury.	1
Tom Cruise split with all 3 of his wives when they were 33.	1
56% of Americans believed that Adam and Eve were real people, according to a 2014 poll.	1
After watching The Lion King as a child, Tristan was running through the house roaring!	1
The settlement is also a regional crossroad.	0
The second most important destination is the small town of Comala, a small traditional town near the capital of Colima.	0
The series continues with Catching Fire, in which the actions from the previous book sparks a rebellion among the districts, and a new type of game – the Quarter Quell Games.	1
Ciabatta bread was invented in 1982.	1
The commission was reopened in February 2010 for 18 months, adding more cases.	0
In the free routine, there were no specifications for the routine other than the five-minute time limit.	0
In total, Jay has lost over ten Blackberry’s!	1
Shawn only started learning how to play guitar when he was 13, tutoring himself by using videos on YouTube.	1
It was the first gaming icon which had a balloon in Macy’s Thanksgiving’s day parade.	1
Students in the College of Arts and Sciences are provided with a solid foundation in the liberal arts through a common core curriculum, the heart of which is the four-semester “Tradition and Conversation” program, which offers students the opportunity to engage some of the greatest minds and discuss some of most influential texts of the Western and Catholic intellectual traditions in a seminar format.	0
In the end Sylvia won the fight by unanimous decision.	0
Bumblebees have hair on their eyes.	1
Konami's games based on cartoon licenses, especially the , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Tiny Toon Adventures series, but other American productions like The Simpsons, Bucky O&apos;Hare, G.I.	0
Alpha bronze alloys of 4–5% tin are used to make coins, springs, turbines and blades.	0
Dylan Duazat says his musical inspiration comes from J. Cole, for his storytelling ability in his songs, and Jason Derulo for his “funky vibe”.	1
His first TV game show was Winner Take All, a Mark Goodson-Bill Todman production that aired on CBS in 1952.	0
There is a species of cactus known as the "Dildo Cactus."	1
At birth, he was named Michael King Jr. His father later changed his name after being inspired by German monk and leader Martin Luther.	1
Touching a teddy bear makes people feel less lonely!	1
The official Twitter for the band is @TheVampsband.	1
The most popular party was the PS which received 106 or 21.5% of the vote.	0
The Assembly's Confession is the first of the Reformed confessions to teach a doctrine called the covenant of works, which teaches that before the fall of man, God promised eternal life to Adam on condition that he perfectly obeyed God.	0
He was an animators apprentice with Walt Disney Animation Studios.	1
The two unofficial tournaments helped set the stage for the first official World Juniors in 1977.	0
To gain this certification, candidates must pass a written examination and have at least eight years of information technology or business experience, with a minimum of three years work experience in at least three CRISC domains.	0
Gmina Komprachcice, German: Gemeinde Comprachtschütz is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	0
Ramps are native to eastern North America, ranging from the rich, moist	0
James convinced Christian to see the good in Gina, and he eventually forgave her.	0
Due ipotesi per firum foldan (Inno di Caedmon v. 9)".	0
At a recent Great Western Beef Expo, a pen of South Devon's placed first on feed	0
Fergie alongside Debbie Harry performed "Call me" at Fashion Rocks 2008.	0
The new Mitropa initially catered to travellers on rail, road, and water and provided services at railway stations.	0
Hruggek appears as a huge, powerful bugbear, twelve feet tall.	0
When she’s on her own she keeps herself entertained by talking in weird voices to herself!	1
A zebra can run up to 65 km/h or 40 mph.	1
Stephanie Zacharek, for the Salon website, gave the film also mixed review, stating: "If you buy the overprocessed headcheese of the serial killer as refined genius, you'll love Red Dragon.	0
He then returned to England and set himself up in Framlingham, which was held by Hugh Bigod, an adherent of the Empress.	0
Mike McShane as Ray in "Drew's Inheritance" (Season 6, Episode 3)	0
Greer was recognizable to fans of Adventures of Superman, as he appeared in three of that series, including the inaugural entry, Superman on Earth (1952), in which he was cast as the first person ever to be saved by Superman.	0
Although Slowpoke’s have emerged frequently on the TV series, they have never been seen using a physical attack.	1
USC and LSU remain 1–2 in both the AP and Coaches polls.	0
Jurrjens pitched one inning against Puerto Rico in the WBC, giving up three runs and earning him a loss.	0
The album sold 286,000 copies in its first week.	0
This constantly angers him and prompts the line "It's Beardfacé, damn it".	0
The song would later be included as a bonus track on 50's officially released debut album Get Rich or Die Tryin'.	0
The remaining buildings are few in number and the influences are diverse.	0
Of the 70% of water covering the Earth only 3% of it is fresh, the other 97% of it is salted.	1
I think the movie may become a turning point in my artistic destiny.	0
She attended Nauset Regional High School, graduating in 2012.	1
Third, and by far the largest wave, was economic emigration started in the 1960s when several Western European countries signed billateral agreements with then-Yugoslavia allowing the recruitment of workers from Yugoslavia to work in the industrial sector of those countries, and lasted until the end of the 1980s.	0
Live at the Zenith (deluxe package) (2007)	0
The earliest mention of the mythical creature, the Unicorn, dates back from as far as 2700 BC in Asia, and was described as a creature of great power and wisdom.	1
bar:1951 at:1129 fontsize:XS text: 1129 shift:(-8,5)	0
It was designed by the architect Mario Botta in 1990.	0
According to the last census 62% of the population are members of the Burgenland Croat minority.	0
Also, adding a second CPU was less expensive than a second complete computer, which would need its own peripherals, thus requiring much more floor space and an increased operations staff.	0
Nach meine Beene is ja janz Berlin verrückt (M.: Walter Kollo, T.: Hardt).	0
Upper presidents for the Province of Westphalia	0
People who talk to themselves are more likely to have a high I.Q.	1
Currently, most of these "upper-upper deck" seats are reserved for the fans of the visiting team.	0
Sawmill Alfred Naud's bridge, located in row Saint-Joseph-South, in Sainte-Thècle, located on the fifth lot of land (formerly known "land of the fall") from the boundary of Saint-Tite and Sainte-Thècle.	0
Diglett has been shown to have no feet however it is mentioned as being one of the seven mysteries of Pokémon.	1
He was a constant vexation to his father, the Big Bad Wolf, because the little son was not actually bad.	0
The next set of 5+2 DTM-tablebases (350 endings including KPPPPKP) was completed during August 2012.	0
Salem - Cochin - Kanyakumari Road (Abandoned NH 47) Vijiyamangalam Town	0
The Bell CH-135 Twin Huey is hover taxied in a manner typical for skid-equipped aircraft of that size:	0
"Reproductive biology of the leopard".	0
In mainland China, this record was issued in a cardboard foldout sleeve.	0
Early phase of Nazor's poetry work is mostly object of scholars' research now, but Galérien's Poeme (Galiotova pesan) from that time (1903), describing suffering and sadness of a galley slave, attains universal meanining as condemnation of oppressing at all and still stands as one of the most expressive disapproval of slavery.	0
takes control of the Kree ship.	0
He was thought to have a slightly less safe seat in the new Leeds North East.	0
The tower, which rises to ,	0
In the thirteenth century, the stronghold, which also covered Courcelles, Suarce, Chavanatte, Lepuix-Neuf and partly Faverois, Grosne, Boron, Réchésy, was held by the Blumenberg family, a German name that can translate as Mountain of the flowers.	0
The least dangerous men, condemned to prison for petty offences, were offered jobs in the penitentiary administration.	0
A 2013 study found that the smell of chocolate in a bookstore made customers 22% more likely to buy books of any genre and a whopping 40% more likely to buy cookbooks or romance novels.	1
He fell in love with Marge Bouvier in 1974.	1
In October 2014, Nash Grier was named one of Time’s top 25 most influential teens of 2014.	1
If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.	1
He is being told about the legend of Wijayakusuma Flower.	0
1996: Carl Perkins – Go Cat Go!	0
The champion and the runner-up will ascend to the first division while the two lowest teams in NB I are relegated to NB II.	0
Coppa Italia Runner-up: 1996 (Atalanta), 2000 (Inter)	0
Employees are more likely to book holidays off work on a Monday that any other week day	1
When peas begin to grow wild and unruly, gardeners use bamboo canes and netting to support the growth of the plant.	1
We have known PJ is a special artist for many years and now with Young Money Entertainment being able to share his music at large, the whole world will get to know."	0
The Ichthys Project's Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) was completed in April 2011.	0
would prove better for both Rosberg and Williams.	0
He later enrolled in graduate school at the University of San Diego in 1999 and graduated in 2001.	1
She is a distant cousin to the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton.	1
Alice Dayrell Caldeira Brant (Helena Morley) memoirist	0
Ed Sheeran auditioned for the ITV series Britannia High.	1
The female spotted hyena has the largest clitoris, or ‘pseudo-penis’, of all the mammals.	1
Lucien Paiement (c. 1932 – 2013), Canadian physician and politician	0
The album sold 7,183 units on its first day of release and 20,814 units on its first week, debuting at the #3 spot in the Oricon Daily and Weekly charts respectively.	0
In the episode ", serial killer Gordon Ricketts (Mathew Modine), whom Stabler had investigated 14 years earlier, tells him that they harbor the same kind of rage, and that if it weren't for his family and his job, Stabler would be just like him.	0
The exact criteria for the diagnosis of ABPA are not agreed upon.	0
In addition to refuse reinforcements, it was also considered capable of removing sorrow because of death, illness, or any other disaster.	0
Noah and his family (wife, sons and sons’ wives) were stuck on the Ark for one year and ten days.	1
(gymnastic club) is the oldest club in the municipality.	0
It is part of the New York metropolitan area.	0
ABC does not appear to be under development and thus appears to be dead software.	0
Heifers are also often used for beef, especially those that are not suitable to be used in a breeding herd.	0
People very much prefer these to be broadcast with subtitles, or even no form of translation whatsoever.	0
at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University	0
The first take ran like clockwork; however, in the DVD commentary, Hamilton states "I had to stand on this dual elevator, that went down slowly or went down fast, and in this case it dropped out from under me, it left my feet and I followed it".	0
The Caux Round Table is an international organization of senior business executives aiming to promote ethical business practice.	0
The evolving aerodynamic rules coincided with the emergence of the Robin Herd-designed March chassis becoming the vehicle of choice for the mid-1980s.	0
In Africa more people are killed by crocodiles than lions	1
The Annoying Orange had a parody episode titled "Epic Peel Time – self pork-trait (bacon + bacon + bacon)".	0
The population density of mountain lions can range from 1 per 85 km2 to as high as 1 per 13 km2, depending on the abundance of available resources, such as prey.	0
In 1848 Bolyai discovered that Lobachevsky had published a similar piece of work in 1829.	0
Railway stations are located nearby the following interchanges (with station name in parenthesis, if differs from interchange name): Rokach (University), Arlozorov (Central), HaShalom, Kibbutz Galuyot (HaHagana), Holon (Holon Junction), Wolfson, Yoseftal, Komemiyut, Moshe Dayan.	0
Ladino(1976)Indo-European (Romance)spoken by the descendants of Jewish refugees from Spain	0
His second wife was Indis, of the Vanyar, who bore him two sons: Fingolfin and Finarfin, and two daughters: Findis and Írimë.	0
The third and final session saw most of the cars switching to the softer option tyre.	0
In the middle course, the Vergara River joins the Biobío in the vicinity of Nacimiento, draining a great part of southern river basin after receiving the waters of the rivers Malleco, Renaico and Rahue Rivers, which constitute a northwest-oriented and parallel network of drainage to the Biobío of a great part of the northern Andean portion of the Araucanía Region.	0
In his career, Guzmán has made the first round of four Grand Slam tournaments, his first coming in 2002 at the French Open and then the French Open, Wimbledon and the U.S. Open in 2007.	0
He has said that if he had been born a girl, his parents would have named him Carly Noelle.	1
Triscadecaphobia is the fear of the number 13	1
During the 1998–99 season, Morgan again played for a new team, this time for the Delta Ice Hawks of the Pacific International Junior Hockey League.	0
This is different from raising animals to produce meat.	0
These solid-colored, "non-characteristic" Appaloosas may not be shown at ApHC events unless the owner verifies the parentage through DNA testing and pays a supplementary fee to enter the horse into the ApHC's Performance Permit Program (PPP).	0
South Africa participates via a parallel Joint Air Training Scheme agreement.	0
His son succeeded him on his death in 1959.	0
Catnip is ten-times more effective at repelling mosquitoes than DEET, the main substance used in insect repellents.	1
Visit the Queen Elizabeth II Botanic Park for a guided safari, and maybe you'll catch a glimpse of a few of these guys posing for your Instagram feed.	0
The change in tactics gave the Canadians more chances to score and Cournoyer scored to even it up.	0
by Bruce Duffie 1987 & 2004	0
Reviewer Neil H. Jones stated that this film showed "Henriksen at his best.	0
File:Grubbs Catalyst 2nd Generation.png||Second generation Grubbs&apos; catalyst	0
During the closing ceremony, the swimmer Jan Roodzant was the flagbearer.	0
His full name is Ryan Christian Kwanten.	1
In later stages, the cells lose the need for a solid support in order to grow and proliferate as well as the normal contact dependent inhibition cells.	0
Note that each quadrant reduces to a version of Euler&apos;s four-square identity:	0
The followers of this religion are better known as Buddhists.	1
the seat of a bishop) for two periods during the 17th century (1635–1638 and 1661–1689), when episcopalianism, backed by the Crown, briefly gained ascendancy within the Kirk (see Bishops&apos; Wars).	0
In 1980 he was awarded the National Medal.	0
With Colonel Nikolaos Zorbas as their figurehead, on the night of 15 August, the Military League, having gathered together its troops in the Goudi barracks, issued a pronunciamiento to the government demanding an immediate turnaround for the country and its armed forces.	0
She married Salmon of the tribe of Judah and was the mother of Boaz.	0
After the 1969 coup, Muammar Gaddafi closed American and British bases and partly nationalized foreign oil and commercial interests in Libya.	0
In Jonny Wilkinson's book How to Play Rugby My Way Armstrong is given a similar nickname–"the scrap-yard dog"– because Wilkinson said that he had never met anyone as "tough as him".	0
Rodolfo Motta (won the 2002 Serie A)	0
Although generally innocuous towards humans, fishery workers have been injured by the venomous tail spine of the Yantai stingray.	0
Even though cougars are good swimmers, they prefer not to go into water.	1
In 1902, with Eugene Feindel, he published an important work on motor disturbances, blepharospasms and tics.	0
From 1978 to 1981 hotel chain Albilad, owned by Osama Bin Laden's family, sponsored Britain's Formula 1 racing team Williams.	1
(Joe) Lecomte) Heliport and Moose Jaw/Air Vice Marshal C.M.	0
It is suspected that the reason was because YG Entertainment had too few active music groups and an unstable cash flow, despite increasing earnings in Korea and Japan in 2009.	0
The WB Television Network (commonly shortened to The WB and short for Warner Bros.) was a broadcast television network in the United States, that was launched on January 11, 1995 as a joint venture between the Warner Bros. Entertainment division of Time Warner and the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Tribune Company, with the former acting as controlling partner.	0
The cry "Great Pan is dead" has appealed to poets, such as John Milton, in his ecstatic celebration of Christian peace, On the Morning of Christ&apos;s Nativity line 89, and Elizabeth Barrett Browning.	0
It lacks most of its internal pipework and its keyboard.	0
A king post (or king-post or kingpost) is a central vertical post used in architectural or bridge designs, working in tension to support a beam below from a truss apex above (whereas a crown post visually similar, supports items above from the beam below).	0
William Shakespeare was the first person to use insults about people's mothers.	1
The sequels, however, are slasher films.	0
An earlier version of Roman calendar had 10 months in a year.	1
No villages in Ehime since January 16, 2005.	0
Harry had his first kiss when he was 11.	1
Aurora, the star of Sleeping Beauty, only says 18 lines and appears for 18 minutes of screentime the entire movie.	1
The airport will be built in three packages.	0
Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm and BandAids.	1
Link’s companions have included: Navi, Tatl, Link, King of Red Lions, Ezlo, Midna, Ciela and Linebeck, Zelda, and Phi.	1
They never arrived because they were stolen by pirates on the way.	0
She had sought public office prior to 2000 - as a Democrat in the 1970s and as a Republican candidate for California State Assembly in 1984.	0
Defeated Yacin Chikh (Algeria) KO 2	0
It is Poland's largest church, the seventh largest in Europe and eleventh in the World.	0
1 plain milk chocolate bar has more protein than a banana	1
Every 3-4 seconds, around 50,000 cells in your body will die and be replaced by new ones.	1
While over the past decade, other registries have split their breeding stock into jumper-type and dressage-type, the Westphalian verband resists specialization.	0
Evers's legacy has been kept alive in a variety of ways.	0
One of Alianza greatest triumphs happened in 1966, when they defeated Santos, containing the great Pelé, at the Estadio Nacional Flor Blanca they were helped mostly from their foreign players Argentines Dante Juárez, Juan Verón and Santiago all on loan at the time.	0
Ameles is a wide-ranging genus found in Africa, Asia, and Europe.	0
The less massive component may have been in a very eccentric orbit or deflected towards the massive one.	0
For example, if a typical airline database does not contain a seat assignment for a traveler, it means the traveler has not checked in.	0
ION (Index to Organism Names), gathered from the scientific literature for Thomson Reuters' Zoological Record database	0
In the next six seasons with the Phillies (his longest tenure with any major league team), Cormier had his most successful years.	0
The prominence of Native Americans of the Cahuilla tribe is represented in local life; because of casino gambling and land ownership, the majority of local tribal members (Cahuilla pertaining to the Agua Caliente band and the Cabazon/Twentynine Palms bands) are in upper-income brackets.	0
Bulls are capable of remaining profitable at stud to the age of 12 or more.	1
Game Boy sold an external camera and printer for their handheld, the camera took low res images of the user and in turn, Game Boy may actually be responsible for the world of the selfie.	1
The first certified botanical garden was founded by Pople Nicholas III in the Vatican City in 1278 AD!	1
In other words, it is paying very close attention to what some people call “bibliodiversity” – a word that has become widely adopted and is beginning to enter common usage.”	0
Picasso’s full name was Pablo Diego Jose Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno Maria de Los Remedios Cipriano de la Santisima Trinidad Ruiz Picasso!	1
Marquess and Count of Rougé (since 1701, confirmed 1815 and 1827)	0
World Professional sprint championship in Cologne	0
Because of the $1.1 billion cost and the 1973 oil crisis that resulted in the imposition of a speed limit, this plan was not implemented.	0
The 6th Dragoon Regiment ( ) was a cavalry Regiment of the French Army.	0
This display of “superpatriotism” was heralded throughout the area (even as far as Chicago).	0
The federal roads 61 and 65 cross in the town.	0
International Institute of Labour and Social Relations.	0
He was born on the 24th March, 1973.	1
On December 25, 2011 Timothy D Winslow found the world's largest known twin primes 3756801695685 &times; 2 666669 ± 1 (official announcement: http://www.primegrid.com/download/twin-666669.pdf ).	0
Tuck School of Business, Dartmouth College	0
Cattle offer the commercial cattleman ease of calving, earlier growth, good early weight gains and mostly muscle.	0
The OTs-03 SVU ( ) is a bullpup configuration of the SVD sniper rifle.	0
Brain sunlight makes you sneeze – Crossed wires in the brain stem send signals from the eye via the nose.	1
He has two younger siblings; Douglas and Julie.	1
The name Satoshi means ‘wisdom’ or ‘reason’ in Japanese.	1
Veronica Taylor, as well as voicing Ash himself, also voiced his mother Delia for the duration of her time on the show.	1
Ron Brewer – drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in the first round (7th pick) of the 1978 NBA draft.	0
Since then it has been part of Slovakia.	0
As a result Nghệ Tông even decided to hide money in Lạng Sơn, fearing that Chế Bồng Nga's troops might assault and destroy the royal palace in Thăng Long.	0
Then Chancellor Gordon Brown played a prominent role in the election campaign, regularly appearing with Tony Blair and ensuring that the economy would remain the central focus of Labour's message.	0
The chemical symbol for gold is Au, from the Latin word aurum meaning "shining dawn" and from Aurora, the Roman goddess of the dawn.	1
Troop 7 - Lewes, Sussex County (uniformed)	0
Vulpix was originally going to be called “Foxfire”.	1
Diamonds mined during the recent civil wars in Angola, Côte d&apos;Ivoire, Sierra Leone, and other nations have been given the label.	0
Mortimer fought at the Battle of Falkirk in 1298 when William Wallace was finally defeated.	0
According to epigraphist I. Mahadevan, there were some reservations initially, about the linguistic details in the inscriptions, but further investigations have confirmed their authenticity.	0
War parties began to raid the moving labor camps that followed the progress of the line.	0
|align=left| Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States	0
Hitler did not have a nationality between 1925-1932.	1
Two of his best-known films are A Trip to the Moon (1902) and The Impossible Voyage (1904).	0
http://www.vertpaleo.org/jvp/19-692-711.html (online abstract of the preceding)	0
Neil’s career kicked off at the age of 15 when he was discovered by Mark Medoff – a playwright who found him at a drama camp.	1
This will jeopardize the standard of livings of Europeans in key areas such as medical research, information technologies and knowledge intensive industries.	0
Qimonda becomes the world's fourth largest DRAM manufacturer.	0
She was a daughter of Sun Jian and a younger sister of the warlords Sun Ce and Sun Quan, who laid the foundation for the state of Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period.	0
In chant, a reciting tone (also called a recitation tone) is a repeated musical pitch around which the other pitches of the chant gravitate, or by extension, the entire melodic formula that centers on one or two such pitches.	0
After consulting his officers and scouts, Mills decided to conduct an assault.	0
The Book of Amos is attributed to him.	0
At 9:26:53am on March 14th this year, the date will read 3.141592653 … that's π (PI).	1
In the 2009 European elections he was elected as a member of the European Parliament for the Italian Islands constituency with 150,091 votes.	0
For the role, she also undertook dialect coaching for a Jamaican role.	1
The odds of being struck by lightning are 600,000 to 1	1
Many UUs reject the idea of deities and instead speak of the "spirit of life" that binds all life on earth.	0
Australia Day takes place every year and is a celebration of different cultures, races, religions, beliefs and views.	1
A newborn Chinese water deer is so small it can almost be held in the palm of the hand.	1
Cubone is only 40cm in height and weighs 6.5kg.	1
(1998) Jane's fighting aircraft of World War II.	0
The average British garden contains over 20,000 slugs and snails.	1
Back in the 19th and early 20th century dockers and bargemen would pass through Ballina to go to Dublin to deliver their goods.	0
Actor John Hawkes will portray Albany in the film.	0
But with runners on first and third, Al Oliver swung at Gullett's first pitch and grounded to Helms and the NL pennant belongs to the Reds.	0
It was written that Amaterasu had painted the landscape with her siblings to create ancient Japan.	0
Refined versions of Sambo are still used today or fused with specific Sambo applications to meet the needs of Russian commandos today.	0
Recycling old aluminium uses only 5% of the energy used to make new aluminium!	1
He has also won the 2008 Scott Moncrieff Translation Prize for translation from the French and the 2012 Premio Valle Inclán for Spanish Translation.	0
This rule takes precedence over the next one.	0
Harlow and London: Pearson Education (Longman).	0
A political biography of Ali Shariati.	0
His ideal girlfriend would be someone who is adventurous and loves traveling.	1
The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 9, all of which were in manufacturing.	0
The bend halfway down the flamingo’s leg is actually its ankle, not its knee!	1
The Boy Who Caught a Crook (1961) as Laura	0
All hurricanes form over the sea and can last up to 10 days	1
The Last Chronicle of Barset (1867)	0
It was planned that in 2011 reconstruction of A2 between Riga and Senīe would start, thus converting it in to a motorway.	0
More than 100 prey species were recorded.	0
Raichu has featured on 37 different Pokémon cards since it first debuted in the Base Set of the Pokémon Trading Card Game.	1
When Bligh received the news of Macquarie's arrival, he sailed to Sydney, arriving on 17 January 1810 to collect evidence for the forthcoming court martial of Major George Johnston.	0
For example, the episode "Sailor Mouth," in which SpongeBob and Patrick learn profanity, was inspired by creative director Derek Drymon's experience of getting in trouble as child for using the f-word in front of his mother.	0
The average computer user blinks seven times a minute, the normal rate is twenty times per minute.	1
Benjamin's parents were divorced and he was living with his father.	0
A full moon is 9 times brighter than a half moon	1
Adele‘s album, 25, named after her age, became the U.S’ bestselling album in a week.	1
It exports 1.7 million tons a year.	1
Glaube - Macht - Mythologie, Stuttgart 2003	0
Rafael Ritz (January 17, 1829 in Brig- April 11, 1894 in Sion), was a Swiss painter.	0
A very small part of the county, Point Roberts, about , is an extension of the Tsawwassen Peninsula, which is bisected by the international boundary along the 49th Parallel.	0
Critics were either scathing or apologetic, and only the play's battle scenes received praise.	0
On January 20, 1978 they opened for the Ramones and Runaways at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago to an encore.	0
The sentence “The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.” uses every letter of the alphabet.	1
Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.	1
Other Belgians followed in the 1890s and also established farms in the area.	0
The staircase at Hogwarts has 250 paintings in total.	1
In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education.	0
He was first elected to Parliament under the Social Credit banner in the district of Bellechasse in the 1962 federal election, but was defeated by Liberal candidate Herman Laverdière the next year.	0
Performances with the same principal singers opened in a more elaborate staging on 10 August 2012 at the Rossini Festival in Pesaro.	0
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes!	1
In this category, he competed against Delilah, Michael Kiwanuka, Lana Del Ray and Lianne La Havas.	1
The East Course was featured in NASCAR 98.	0
‘JLS’ is an acronym for Jack the Lad Swing.	1
1999 – Dreaming the Divine: Techniques for Sacred Sleep (ISBN 1-56718-192-9)	0
Male spiders who are eaten my their mates *want* to get eaten as a full mate is less likely to mate again with another male.	1
To the north of the minster is a cloister that once served the abbey.	0
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the English alphabet	1
For several years, the capital of West Virginia intermittently traveled between Wheeling and Charleston.	0
They take a good deal of training and their signature coat takes regular grooming, but they can become loyal and obedient pets.	1
In May 2008, under a co-operative agreement, the village residents opened a new local not for profit store that is a grocer, newsagent, post office, off-licence and café with free broadband.	0
Several airports built in Spain are considered as white elephants.	0
Important Latin-language documents include the Admonitions of St. Stephen, which includes the king's admonitions to his son, Prince Imre.	0
There are more than 600 pasta shapes produced worldwide.	1
This inhibition of the arcuate nucleus is an ongoing active suppression by other areas of the brain.	0
In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10pm.	1
Ó is the 25th letter of the Hungarian alphabet.	0
There is 200 times more gold in the world's oceans than has been mined	1
David Freese had a game-tying two-run double in the bottom of the first, breaking the post-season RBI record, and Allen Craig hit a go-ahead homer in the third.	0
Its function is to ensure the logistical support to front line troops, which it does by organizing the delivery of combat supplies, materiel and equipment to where they are needed, and by organizing services such as combat medicine, equipment recovery and repair.	0
Justin’s stepmother’s name is Erin Bieber.	1
| colspan=3 align=center|Observationally Stable Suspected of undergoing β - β - decay to 134 Ba with a half-life over 11×10 15 years	0
He has a sister called Mali Koa Hood, her Twitter is @malikoa.	1
During the debriefing, it is explained that these feelings are common and that reactions based on these feelings within supply chains create the bullwhip effect.	0
From September 1992 to January 2011, Attiyah was the minister of energy and industry.	0
The PQ's youth wing opposed this suggestion, and a subsequent policy workshop reaffirmed the party's support for the freeze.	0
Scientists estimate that the moon's width has shrunk by about 600 feet (182 meters) since the rocky body first formed.	1
He has also been a staunch advocate of a flat tax and of the Bush Administration's tax cuts.	0
Facebook will track and record nearly everything you do if you browse the web while logged in to your Facebook account.	1
In the final Old Firm match of the 2010-11 season, Thomson awarded Celtic a penalty with seven minutes remaining, which was saved by Rangers goalkeeper Allan McGregor.	0
By 1956, much of television production had moved from the east to the west coast, and from live performances to filmed series.	0
She attended Renaissance High School for Musical Theater and Technology, which is a vocational high school.	1
The second show was an hour-long entertainment show for ITV1 called This is JLS, which first aired on 11 December 2010.	1
Lois Griffin supposedly has a brain tumor which she claims is caused from suppressing the fact that her husband is a moron.	1
Chapel Hill: The University of North Carolina Press.	0
During the average lifetime, your heart will pump a grand total of 182 million liters of blood.	1
Its capital is Mati and borders Compostela Valley to the west, and Agusan del Sur and Surigao del Sur to the north.	0
Methodists formed a major element of the popular support for the Radical Republicans with their hard line toward the white South.	0
On January 21, 2016, Emilie, along with her partner and daughter, participated in one of the famous Women’s March in Washington D.C.	1
In 1965, the university-designate acquired a greenfield site in Guildford from Guildford Cathedral, Guildford Borough Council and the Onslow Village Trust.	0
Ashton Irwin had his first kiss at age 16.	1
31 on the UK singles chart), "Sgt.	0
The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.	1
Mastermind has appeared in numerous versions:	0
In 1966, McLaren suffered with reliability with their Ford 4.2 litre engine, and only scored a point after changing to a Serenissima V8.	0
In 2010 David Almond became the 29th recipient of the so-called Nobel Prize for children's literature, the international Hans Christian Andersen Award for Writing, which biennially recognises the "lasting contribution" of one living author.	0
The very popular LiveStrong bracelet was first seen in 2008; however, Phil Knight was not convinced of the idea and even laughed at it during an interview with Oprah.	1
The Number 96 on his sweater represents the year the Winnipeg Jets moved to Phoenix.	0
This has not to be confused with a formula which is not closed.	0
informational site at DVD Beaver (includes images)	0
- 18-35 MJ, steel (from iron) - 20-50 MJ, paper (from timber) - 25-50 MJ per kilogram.	0
By August 1852 there were less than 100 gold diggers and the police presence was reduced to two troopers.	0
Corporate Shuffle used the same mechanic, but set it in Dilbert's cubicle hell.	0
When crossed with Angus bulls, the results are "black gold".	1
Peter is the only name that makes it into the final work, but as the oldest child instead of the youngest.	0
File:Alice Liddell in 1872 (photogravure by Julia Margaret Cameron).jpg|Alice Liddell at the age of 20, photographed by Julia Margaret Cameron	0
In the final, Russia defeated France at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, on 29 November - 1 December, giving Russia their first title.	0
Slim Whitman – Ottis Dewey Whitman	0
Cougars are predators at the top of the food chain, and their actions are often unpredictable.	1
In 2006, he delivered the opposition reply to the budget due to the absence of the finance critic for a family emergency.	0
Foundation of the National Democratic Front	0
On Skalary..., Myslovitz appear about as close to the Radiohead reference as they are likely to get; there are also some tangible similarities with Pink Floyd.	0
Rattata is the first pure Normal-type in National Pokédex order.	1
Gary A. Wegner (USA, 1944 — )	0
For these reasons it may be necessary to perform DNA analysis to determine positively whether a scat is that of a cougar or another animal.	0
In 2012, Samsung invested $10.8 billion in Research and Development which was over 6% of the company’s revenue which is around a ¼ of employees or 60,000 staff.	1
Barry, Snot and Toshi have been Steve’s best friends since they were toddlers.	1
Thomas "Tommy" P. Dawkins is a teenager who is mauled by a werewolf during a camping trip.	0
Donald O'Brien as Wallace Bennett (as Donal O'Brien)	0
Many popular inventions have come out of California including skateboards, fortune cookies, Barbies, Apple, blue jeans, and video arcade games.	1
If you trick a hen into thinking a day is 28 hours by using certain lighting, she will lay bigger and stronger eggs.	1
After spending 12 seasons with the Minnesota Timberwolves, Kevin Garnett was traded to the Boston Celtics in exchange for seven different players, the largest trade in NBA history for one player.	0
Their spots can be up to 1.5in in diameter.	1
2,451 ha of agriculture land is used for the cultivation of vegetables where the yield was 186.9 quintals/ha.	0
Her anti-aircraft (AA) armament consisted of two quick-firing (QF) 20 cwt Mk I "Cwt" is the abbreviation for hundredweight, 20 cwt referring to the weight of the gun.	0
We saw Mr. Poopybutthole again in the Season 2 and Season 3 finale after-credits scenes, where each time he was the first person to give the fans any indication of how long they’d be waiting for the next season, telling them both times they’d be waiting a long time.	1
The track ‘The Scientist’ came from the second album, A Rush of Blood to the Head and was inspired by the George Harrison track, ‘All Things Must Pass’.	1
Le Stade de Glace – figure skating, ice hockey, closing ceremonies	0
A few rare objects may be "intermediate blazars" that appear to have a mixture of properties from both optically violent variable (OVV) quasars and BL Lac objects.	0
The Polish Ice Hockey Federation ( ) is the governing body that oversees ice hockey in Poland.	0
This addition probably reflects the growing influence of Wessex under Ecgbert, whose family claimed descent from a brother of Ine.	0
The modern social custom when using the Greek language in Greece is to ask the other person "may we speak in the singular?"	0
From 1982 to 1995, Tron was featured in Disneyland's PeopleMover attraction, as part of The World of Tron, in which the light cycle sequence from the film was projected around park guests as their vehicle passed through a tunnel on the upper level of the Carousel Theater, placing the PeopleMover in the role of a light cycle.	0
The 1990s brought on rapid advances in technology along with the introduction of the dot-com era.	0
New born babies have 350 bones (by age 5 the amount of bones merges to 206)	1
Lord Essex slit his own throat while imprisoned in the Tower of London; Sydney and Russell were executed for high treason on very flimsy evidence; and the Duke of Monmouth went into exile at the court of William of Orange.	0
X360: 79% (based on 22 reviews)	0
Cougars are typically active around dawn and dusk, making them crepuscular mammals.	1
Tigers prefer to inhabit forests, grasslands and mangrove swamps.	1
Casting director Christopher Gray said at the time, "We need a lot of pregnant women.	0
The first mayor was the administrator of the estate, André-Joseph Antheaume de Surval.	0
The Queen of the Netherlands is Argentinian.	1
In formal speech and writing, words like accessory, paraphernalia, artifact, instrument, or utensil are preferred; these words serve substantially the same function, but differ in connotation.	0
Djihad und Judenhaß: über den neuen antijüdischen Krieg, Ça Ira, Freiburg, 2002	0
The actual ending is overly sympathetic and moreover rather overtly engineered by a plot device that does not really bear credence.	0
Control emphasizes standardization and well-structured authority and decision making techniques.	0
Likewise, Locke felt that Malebranche's metaphysical speculations lacked a proper foundation, and, though ingenious, were ultimately unintelligible.	0
In 249 ABA games, Kenon had scored 4,419 points and grabbed 2,759 rebounds for an average of 17.7 and 11.1 per game, respectively.	0
The most precipitation in 24 hours was on December 3, 1987.	0
Kit Kat is produced worldwide by Nestlé, except in the U.S. where their competitor, Hershey makes them.	1
While the British enjoyed this lifestyle, some Afghans chafed under occupation by a foreign power.	0
The other notable feature of these monkeys is there protruding stomachs, which allow them to digest their primary food of unripe fruits.	1
It has been suggested that the weight depended on the season, and that individuals were fat during cool seasons, but less so during hot.	0
Because Nottingham Forest did not win their fourth round tie until 18 February, their fifth round match was not played until 25 February with a replay on 4 March.	0
At Tiberias flourished, about the middle of the eighth century, the Masorite Phinehas, called also Rosh Yeshiva ("Head of the Academy"), and Asher the Great, forefather of five generations of Masorites (Nehemiah ben Asher, Moses ben Nehemiah, Asher ben Moses, Moses ben Asher, and Aaron ben Moses), was to a certain extent his contemporary.	0
Masuda is also a member of the National Association of Recording Industry Professionals (NARIP) and the National Academy of Recording Arts &amp; Sciences (NARAS).	0
Sajjad HashemiMen's 400 metres 45.81 sNR	0
Richmond is home to many species of animals.	0
| Sigoyer || align="right" | 75 || align="right" | 04200 || align="right" | 04207	0
Ge'ez is read from left to right.	0
He located his encampment at Ayia Varvara in Heraklion.	0
in three parts (La canzone degli F.P.	0
What Do You Mean went on to become a number-one hit in 18 different countries, and netted Bieber his first ever number one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US and the UK’s Official Single Chart.	1
We had that song back in the '90s already, a song called 'Deadache', and our singer, Mr. Lordi, thought that he made that up, that whole word.	0
Reddy Branch Stream Valley Park surrounds the Town of Brookeville, with the creek flowing west to east towards the Patuxent.	0
1508: James IV charter allows first feuing of the burgh muir	0
His rival as conservative leader was Arvid Lindman, the main character in the more moderately conservative rightist party of the second chamber of the Parliament of Sweden.	0
‘Paradise’ was their best-selling rock single – it sold over 410,000 copies.	1
Cannes Film Festival "In Competition" Best Director Award.	0
Coca-Cola says only two people alive know the Coca-Cola 'recipe', and they aren't allowed to travel on the same plane in case it crashes.	1
Monarch butterflies migrate to escape from the cold, not to procreate contrarily to popular belief.	1
In the UK, it is 150 times more likely that you'll be struck by lightening than win the lottery.	1
Grand Cayman is about 22 miles long and 4 to 8 miles wide and pretty much at sea level.	1
A four-member teen girl group named the Cheetah Girls go to a Manhattan high school for the performing arts and try to become the first freshmen with airport to win the talent show in the school's history.	0
He has also spent a short stint in Italy with NGC Cantù.	0
Cambridge/London/New York: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 0-521-28864-9.	0
On September 25, 2012, Williams died of bladder cancer at the age of 84.	0
90% of the time, it's not that a person stops caring completely, they just refuse to show it because it seems useless.	1
Kylo Ren was originally trained by Luke Skywalker to be a Jedi, but as we find out in the movie, turns to the dark side in an attempt to be the next Darth Vader.	1
The steam engine of the train “Hogwarts Express” was built in 1937 and the carriages in 1950.	1
He has also delivered a series of Memorial lectures/Key Note addresses in national and international fora.	0
The Law school was thus moved the Rennes in 1730.	0
This barbet is 23 cm in length.	0
The largest-selling swimwear company in the world is Speedo, which caters to both men and women, and which is nearly 100 years old.	1
File:Digger Phelps cropped.jpg|Digger Phelps, ESPN NCAA Analyst Rider	0
List of National Basketball Association players with most steals in a game	0
The Duchy of Westphalia was again confirmed as integral territory of the Archbishopric in 1590.	0
American Origin Products Association, an umbrella organization of producer groups with origin products in the U.S.	0
Keratoconus has been associated with atopic diseases, which include asthma, allergies, and eczema, and it is not uncommon for several or all of these diseases to affect one person.	0
Masataka Yanagida, born 4 June 1979 in Tokyo, is a Japanese racing driver.	0
A leopard is seen at the Kabini Wildlife Sanctuary, Karnataka.	1
As an anatomist, he wrote valuable papers on the muscular structure and voice organs of birds.	0
At the moment, the only parts of the Bypass which are four-lane divided are the Michigan Avenue to Wellington Street stretch and from Indian Road to Churchill Road, the latter where Highway 40 changes direction from east-west to north-south to lead to Wallaceburg.	0
The average running speed for peacocks is 10 miles per hour (16 kph).	1
It also starred Faye Dunaway and David Suchet as Inspector Japp, just before Suchet began to play the famous detective.	0
Meyer had never intended to publish her works, but her sister pushed her on.	1
Ceres was a recipient of the Skoll Foundation Award for Social Entrepreneurship in 2006, as well as a recipient of the Fast Company Social Capitalist Awards in 2008.	0
Her version is notable for its shift of focus from the warrior Tancred, as in Voltaire's original, to Almida, the heroine, and the latter's assertion of her right to choose her own spouse.	0
Captain Edward Ney Award Silver Medal (2)	0
Suddenly, he heard the voice of a woman.	0
Children under 3-4 years of age can’t see themselves in their dreams!	1
The tail of a comet is part of the coma blowing away from the nucleus.	1
Reviews by Rolling Stone and Allmusic noted its enjoyable production, yet Take It or Squeeze It only reached #51 on the Billboard 200.	0
Since Icadyptes salasi lived in Peru during a period of great warmth, penguins must have adapted to warm-climates around 30 million years earlier than previously believed.	0
By the end of the season, the series had reached over 100 episodes.	0
It helped bring Britain out of recession by 1%.	1
The council saw the final condemnation of Constantine II, who was beaten and had his tongue removed before being returned to his monastic cell.	0
Journey into Mystery: Terrorism Myth collects #632-636, 120 pages, October 2012, ISBN 978-0785161066	0
F.Sborgi (a cura di), L'Ottocento e il Novecento.	0
The thin sheets of bark that peel off young wood contain a waxy resin and are easy to ignite even when wet.	0
While most people assume Guinness is black or brown, due to its coloring by roasted barley, it is actually a dark ruby red color.	1
, a segment on NPR's All Things Considered on an aging study done by middle-age neuroscientist Robert Sapolsky	0
She had disagreements with the director over the content of the film, wanting the ending to be more uplifting.	0
In a top hat inversion, also called an inside top hat, the "hat" makes a 90 degree twist when the train approaches the top so that the train is on the inside of the element (hence the name), and once it reaches top hat's apex the train is upside down under the track.	0
Michael Cunningham, Ethan Mordden, Mary Grimm	0
Olympus Mons is shield volcano, meaning it grew bigger and bigger due to the lava flows during eruptions.	1
Compared to an average brain, Einstein’s Parietal lobe (the part concerned with handling sensory information) was a whopping 15% larger than normal.	1
On 21 July, the imperial army came into view of the Arab force, and encamped on a hill in the plain of Dazimonitis south of the fort of Dazimon, named Anzen (Greek: ).	0
The term "Negro" was used in the questionnaire as one of the options for African Americans (Question 9.	0
The Royal Winnipeg Rifles badge depicts a devil carrying a trident and in imitation of a rifleman's role on the battlefield, he is depicted as running.	0
As a world commodity coffee is second only to oil	1
His "Schmolsiner Perikopen", most of which is written in the same Polish-Kashubian style of Krofey's and Brüggemann's books, also contain small passages ("6th Sunday after Epiphanias") written in pure Kashubian.	0
It includes the Basque provinces of Álava, Biscay and Gipuzkoa, also called Historical Territories.	0
Despite this, Wood Elves are counted amongst the "Forces of Order" in the current rules.	0
The Sandins are initially relieved that the neighbors had saved them from the Purger Gang until the neighbors reveal they had come there to kill the Sandins as they are jealous of their wealth due to the sales of security systems.	0
The earliest known examples of mosaics made of different materials were found at a temple building in Abra, Mesopotamia, and are dated to the second half of 3rd millennium BC.	0
There is an average of 42.38 million unique users a month who use the Android Facebook app.	1
West Germany won their first title, defeating the United States in the final.	0
A modified form of malapportionment was, however, retained for the Legislative Council, the state upper house.	0
Chicago Bears defeated the Saints in the NFC Championship, 39–14.	0
By 13, he was playing with traditional Sicilian jazz and performing in some of Italy's most famous clubs.	0
He taught at the Illinois Institute of Technology (1938–44) and the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn (1944–54).	0
A quarter of the 480bn plastic drinks bottles produced worldwide in 2016 were made by Coca Cola.	1
In 1969, Biden resumed practicing law in Wilmington, first as a public defender and then at a firm headed by Sid Balick, a locally active Democrat.	0
The southernmost of the three short branches at the inner end of Nordfjorden terminates at the village of Olden from which a lovely valley, Oldedalen, goes due south for about between slopes rising sharply to more than to the edge of the Jostedals glacier.	0
Ed was raised in Framlingham in Suffolk.	1
Ligne claire (French for "clear line") is a style of drawing pioneered by Hergé, the Belgian creator of The Adventures of Tintin.	0
*Credited to Gillan, Morse, Glover, Lord and Paice on this release	0
In 2009, the Government of Canada, the Pier 21 Society, the Pier 21 Foundation and the Halifax Port Authority agreed to partner in support of a new national museum at Pier 21.	0
One man, Drew Struzan, created all the original movie posters for so many hit movies including Blade Runner, Back to the Future, Indiana Jones, Coming to America, Rambo, Harry Potter and E.T.	1
They resemble the sand martin, but are darker below, and lack a breast band.	0
Lonnie Johnson, a NASA scientist, invented the Super Soaker; he also helped develop the stealth bomber.	1
It is still largely undecided whether (and when) some of those cuts could be redistributed to areas in need of a more highly educated work force.	0
They have a high calving ease and are very maternal.	0
Homer’s personality is one of frequent stupidity, laziness, and explosive anger.	1
While there, Hawk tells him about a tiny snake living inside a jar on his desk.	0
Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.	1
He also met Karan, and the two becoming business partners.	0
When Katy left home she was signed by Island Def Jam Music Group and she travelled to Los Angles to work on a new album, unfortunately that new album was never heard of again.	1
They may be carrion beetles or sweat bees.	0
Reelected in 1965, 1971, 1977, 1983, 1989, 1995.	0
He is named after English philosopher John Locke.	1
In 2011, Swift was named Billboard’s Woman of the Year!	1
However, what cougars have done to people is nothing compared to what people have done to cougars.	0
This earns him the fierce loyalty of his subordinates.	0
Upon its New York City November 1950 release, Bosley Crowther called it an "amusing and poignant little picture" that is "simple and modest in structure but delightfully rich in character."	0
Chan Siu Ki has represented Hong Kong at both senior and U-23 international levels.	0
Billionaire oil tycoon J. Paul Getty installed a pay phone at his mansion for guests to use so that he would not be billed for their calls.	1
On August 18, 2006, Quebec Premier Jean Charest announced that Canadian archaeologists had discovered the precise location of Cartier's lost first colony of Charlesbourg-Royal.	0
Ramps are native to eastern North America, ranging from the rich, moist	0
This enabled him to keep his fighting name and he is now known as Takanohana Oyakata.	0
Some of the larger ones are the Lý Sơn Islands, the Cham Islands, and Phú Quý island.	0
Ben Turpin - The Faithful Wife's Husband	0
Dick Stockton (3) Philadelphia, Toronto Indoor WCT, Rotterdam	0
Eventually, the couple become aware that Boy will not let them leave.	0
"At one point, I even made the camera department shave off their facial hair and dress in tourist attire, which almost provoked a mutiny," says Moore.	0
Fractional distillation in a laboratory makes use of common laboratory glassware and apparatuses, typically including a Bunsen burner, a round-bottomed flask and a condenser, as well as the single-purpose fractionating column.	0
Dúlamán na binne buí, dúlamán Gaelach	0
Turning the river into essentially an open sewer, however, ecological intervention and modern sewage treatment techniques have reversed much of the damage.	0
Developers began to target the P5 Pentium processor family almost exclusively with x86 assembly language optimizations (e.g., Quake) which led to the usage of terms like "Pentium compatible processor" for software requirements.	0
258Mike McGhanLeft Wing Chicago BlackhawksPrince Albert Raiders (WHL)	0
The Church cannot and must not take upon herself the political battle to bring about the most just society possible.	0
He was driven by, and in Parliament spoke of, a passionate conviction to avoid any future war, and this seemingly motivated his career.	0
No two spider webs are the same	1
Originally, his YouTube channel was called “Pewdie”, however upon losing his password to the account he then registered PewDiePie.	1
Conditional arcs (ending in deterministic node) indicate that the uncertainty at their heads is deterministically conditioned on all the nodes at their tails.	0
At this time, he was a supporter of the League of Nations, attending a League-organised youth conference in Geneva in 1937.	0
Many sources cite 1907 as Sleeper's year of birth, but this appears to be incorrect.	0
Microsoft employee’s gender balance is at almost 3/4 male to female according to one list in 2015, the average software engineer gets $106,000.	1
With NHL play set to resume the following season, he signed a three-year deal with the New York Rangers.	0
Jacob Sartorius has one older sister called Caroline.	1
The final N64 cartridge ever made was Tony Hawk Pro Skater and was released in 2002.	1
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011): Best Actor and Best Adapted Screeplay	0
Its effective temperature is estimated at 10500 K, less than twice the effective temperature of the Sun.	0
Austin gets so much fan mail, that his mother once hired someone just to open them.	1
While in Idaho, she studied at the in Ketchum, from 1976 to 1979.	0
This was designed to reflect the deadlier and far harsher environment of Athas compared to other AD&D settings.	0
Sidney Blumenthal served as assistant and senior adviser to Bill Clinton from August 1997 until January 2001.	0
Taking place in the aftermath of the events of Armageddon, Raiden realizes that the world is in peril due to the course of events that began during the tenth Mortal Kombat tournament (the setting of the original Mortal Kombat).	0
A man, Ben Sliney, grounded 4,000 commercial planes across the United States on 9/11 due to the attacks – it was his first day on the job.	1
Tottenham Hotspur enjoyed another good season, topping the First Division over Christmas before finished third in the final table.	0
The singer doesn’t need peace and quiet to compose some of her best works; in fact, she stated that her creative is at its highest when she’s had a few too many to drink.	1
Cows must be milked 2 times per day, every day of the week.	1
The UN ground and air commanders opposed future massive carpet bombing attacks against enemy tactical troops unless there was precise information on an enemy concentration and the situation was critical.	0
2007 Rugby World Cup - Asia qualification	0
When he was younger, he wanted to be a professional cricket player and play for England.	1
In 2015, Dinah tried out for the role on the movie Moana, the character Moana in fact but lost out to Auli’l Cravalho.	1
It was Nicholas Cage who first advised Johnny Depp to pursue a career in acting, during the mid 1980’s.	1
A number of activities have been initiated, both within and outside the UN system.	0
Girls Assault Footage Collection 4 Hours	0
An assignment (Latin cessio) is a term used with similar meanings in the law of contracts and in the law of real estate.	0
The town has close links with MUSEA (Music School of Eastern Africa) in Kenya, and the parish church hosts fundraising concerts for MUSEA each year.	0
Brigham Young replaced as governor of the territory	0
The Arab alphabet has 28 letters.	1
PAVN moved 85 and 100 mm radar-directed batteries south of the DMZ and, on 17 February, 81 SA-2 Guideline missiles were launched from the DMZ area, downing three F-4s.	0
William Strickland was the first to introduce the turkey to England – his coat of arms even had one on it.	1
Its mission was defined in a letter by the Secretary of the Navy, ".... a station having for its primary function the research, development and testing of weapons, and having additional function of furnishing primary training in the use of such weapons."	0
A system consists of a central relational database and one or more application servers ("instances") accessing the data and programs in this database.	0
Lyrics for Lovers (London Records, 1960)	0
The lotus flower is deeply imbibed with symbolism of Indian philosophy.	0
In 2003, the savvy West Coast company Sephra of California stepped into the marketplace and started selling their own high-end Chinese manufactured fountains.	0
It is weak against Rock and Ice attacks.	1
He ripped his boxers once, and a fan told him.	1
Hematological signs include anemia, leukopenia, and thrombocytopenia.	0
When ignored by someone whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in the brain is similar to physical pain.	1
Released in 2004, When Silence Falls featured well-known tracks, "Beautiful One", "Consuming Fire", and "Whole World in His Hands".	0
The Mahindra Bolero is a basic utility vehicle that is well-suited to Indian conditions.	0
Play Doh was first manufactured as a wallpaper cleaner in the 1930s.	1
Nashua is located at (42.751038, -71.480817).	0
Canada and the United States conduct a joint annual assessment of the eastern Georges Bank haddock stock.	1
Wherever You Are... (1988) as Eduard	0
(1) Fernando Alonso (2) Robert Kubica (3) Kimi Räikkönen With two races remaining in the season, Lewis Hamilton leads by 5 points over Felipe Massa, and by 12 points over Kubica.	0
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the population.	0
By mixing nonoplatelets from carrots and other root vegetables, concrete mixtures can be significantly strengthened, meaning less cement is needed to achieve the same effect.	1
The dog, the cat, the duck and the poultry are not bound by the measure.	0
For example, the famous case Marvin v. Marvin, which established the standard for non-marital partners' ability to sue for their contributions to the partnership, is rendered Marvin v. Marvin (1976) 18 Cal.3d 660 in California style, while it would be Marvin v. Marvin, 18 Cal.	0
Jean Vigo (TV: episode of Cinéastes de notre temps) (1964)	0
Although the London tube system is the largest underground system in the world, it is the most unreliable and most high-priced.	1
Heinz Öhmann (CDU) - March 30, 1995 till March 17, 2003	0
During this process they are learning about both the capabilities of their voice and the fighting process.	0
and would be able to travel at high speed.	0
Greyhounds can see better than any other dog breed	1
Her full name is Taylor Alison Swift.	1
"Messiaen und die Darmstädter Ferienkurse: eine Begegnung".	0
In the 1970s, fuel and transportation costs were at an all-time high in constant dollar terms.	0
Saint Lucia is the second largest island of the Windward Islands.	1
Then he continues walking and then he walks past the camera.	0
TinyScheme is used by the GNU Image Manipulation Program (GIMP) starting with version 2.4, released in 2007.	0
Salt and mineral must be readily accessible to cattle at all times.	1
KFC (Kentucky Fried Chicken) was founded by Colonel Harland Sanders in 1952.	1
The village is 62 km northeast from the capital, Belgrade.	0
Image:MI - 1865 - Domenico Induno - Posa prima pietra della Galleria di Milano il 7 marzo 1865.jpg|The Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II's first stone	0
The majority 95% of the population of the commune are farmers.	0
Manchester City's Bobby Johnstone opined that "Even an unbiased fan must regard Manchester City with favour", whereas Birmingham's Len Boyd gauged opinion quite differently: "They say Birmingham City are the hottest Cup favourites since Wolves crashed to Portsmouth in 1939".	0
90% of all volcanic activity occurs in the ocean	1
Emma Watson’s net world is $70 million – to put that into perspective, Kylie Jenner’s net worth is significantly less at $20 million.	1
Independent producer Donna Dubrow heard about The Hitcher while working on another film and to her it sounded like "Duel with a person".	0
Upon completion, it was one of the largest and most opulent palaces in Central Asia.	0
He helped him accelerate the mounting of the George VI postage stamp collection.	0
The Swiss eat the most chocolate, followed by the English.	1
Krabby can grow back its pincers in a short amount of time if they are lost during battle.	1
The KICC is located in the central business district of Nairobi.	0
The historian Cecil Woodham-Smith's The Reason Why (1953) did serious harm to the Earl's posthumous reputation.	0
They are known to live for as long as 70 years.	1
From 1950 to 1968 the U.S. military managed to misplace a whopping 8 nuclear weapons in a range of places including the Pacific, North Carolina and the Mediterranean, but most of these had no nuclear core – or so the military say.	1
Downshire was the eldest son of Trevor Hill, who had been created Viscount Hillsborough and Baron Hill of Kilwarlin in County Down, in the Peerage of Ireland in 1717, with remainder, in default of male issue of his own, to the male issue of his father, Michael Hill.	0
Had the postseason taken place based on team records as of August 11, the participants in each division series would have been determined as follows:	0
Debra Jo Rupp as Mrs. Hall	0
In a Rubik’s Cube there are 27 cubes.	1
In 2012 the social-liberal media especially Der Standard states the Pirate Party Austria could become the new Liberal Forum.	0
List of United States Air Force installations	0
In opposition, coursing has long enjoyed the fame of being known as "the noblest of field sports" precisely because the death of the hare is not the aim of the sport.	0
Mayim can play the piano, bass guitar and the trumpet.	1
mentioned in historical records as far back as the Roman times.	0
Niall went to his first gig when he was ten years old, he saw ‘Busted’ in Dublin.	1
Avers has a population (as of ) of .	0
To add time-dependence to \alpha_k, one implements the Heisenberg picture,	0
Richard Z. Kruspe – lead guitar, backing vocals	0
In 1966, Harry Fox and Henry Moss together opened the doors of Lady Jane, the first ladies' fashion boutique in the street, to the world.	0
From October 1966, BEA operated only Viscounts and Herons on its Scottish network.	0
Art Oge O'Toole of Castle Kevin, Fertie.	0
She is the recipient of “Best Female Artist” the 2009 International Acoustic Music Awards.	1
A former rivalry with Wrexham is also less important, with Wrexham no longer being in the Football League, and the rivalries with Chester, Hereford and Kidderminster may go the same way for the same reason.	0
Ryan Gosling was asked to audition for boy-band Backstreet Boys but he turned it down.	1
Like true lobsters, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas, for instance.	1
Ariana’s natural hair is brown &amp; curly.	1
Marach therefore led his people to the plains of Estolad, where they settled to the south-east of the Folk of Bëor.	0
A study of violent peasant entrepreneurs, Long Grove (Illinois): Waveland Press ISBN 0-88133-325-5 (Originally published in 1974)	0
Rhydon was the first Pokémon ever created!	1
Named after the great hero of Venezuelan independence, José Antonio Anzoátegui (1789–1819), this state has its own history.	0
Inside the statue are 16 vertical tension bars that span about 60 feet from the top of the pedestal.	1
The Pieve of Jussani, whose chief town was Mausoléo, contained seven communities in the 14th century: Mausoleo, Forcili, Pioggiola, Capella, Olmi, Lecciole and Vallica.	0
But if they are sane men, moved by motive, they are such stuff as anarchists are made of.	0
The “hammer” prevents the shark from nose-diving when swimming.	1
^ "Gold-fields Edition of the Rockhampton Bulletin", Rockhampton Bulletin and Central Queensland Advertiser, 3 October 1867, p. 2	0
Boll was signed by the Columbus Blue Jackets and started on the team for the 2007–08 season, scoring his first NHL goal on October 10, 2007 on a breakaway against the Phoenix Coyotes.	0
A cheetah can live up to twelve years in the wild, and twenty in captivity.	1
Flamingo’s stand on one leg in water because it reduces the amount of body heat lost by the cold water.	1
A pip is one of the spots on die or domino	1
(See Finisterre languages and Huon languages.)	0
During World War II, Hannelore Schroth continued performing in films.	0
In response, many NHL clubs shifted their affiliations to the AHL, and by 1997–98, only four of 18 IHL teams had NHL affiliations.	0
Candy canes can also be used for toppings on desserts or as an extra in hot chocolate, yes, a candy cane hot chocolate stirrer!	1
All costals have an ocellus placed rather low and formed by a narrow yellowish line, above which are some irregular looped lines of similar colour.	0
He played the infamous vampire, Louis de Pointe du Lac in Interview With The Vampire.	1
Samsung are very focused on sustainability, in 2015 they began working with the UN to ensure 17 Sustainable Development Goals are met between 2016 and 2030 these include gender equality, ending hunger through sustainable agriculture and combat climate change.	1
Firth did some final stunts in America for the 2007 series in late 2006 and early 2007, before returning to Australia and going solo.	0
He apparently used the cord of an electric kettle to hang himself.	0
Meanwhile, in September 1774 representatives of the other colonies convened the First Continental Congress in order to respond to the crisis.	0
It's a conspicuous part of what might be termed a charmed life."	0
Ashton said Luke would be the first to die in a zombie apocalypse!	1
However, there are a number of mechanisms products available in the market for project sponsors, lenders and governments to mitigate some of the project risks, such as: Hedging and futures contracts; insurance; and risk mitigation products provided by international finance institutions.	0
National Candy Cane Day is celebrated 26th December every year in the United States.	1
Harry was the one who came up with the band’s name ‘One Direction‘.	1
List of countries by Failed States Index	0
from the pivotal '90s band Cap&apos;n Jazz.	0
He married the daughter of .	0
Buffy’s Sarah Michelle Gellar’s attack on McDonald’s through Burger King’s 1981 ad campaign caused McDonald’s to sue the franchise.	1
made a profound impression on me.	0
He was named a First-Team All-Pro by the Associated Press in both 1978 and 1979.	0
Erching had a manor house, twelve houses, at least one mill, and probably also a church in Oberkirch.	0
A History of Frankish Greece (1204–1566)" by William Miller, the seven brothers may also have had a sister, the wife of Marco I Sanudo and mother of Angelo Sanudo.	0
By age 60 most people would have lost half of their taste buds	1
"The shots Zemeckis showed me were pretty remarkable," Takahashi reflected, "but there were still about 400 shots to do, and everyone was kind of worried."	0
More of Picasso’s paintings have been stolen over any other artist.	1
All of these early cars were inaccurate representations and had die-cast metal bodies, chassis and wheels with rubber tyres.	0
However in early 20th century, under Soviet rule, kazakhs saw their biggest depopulation due to major famines of 1920s and 1930s, which were caused by Collectivization in the Soviet Union.	0
"It's a perfect fit," declared Westwood head Norman J. Pattiz.	0
A total of 30 Tutors were exported to the Greek Air Force and at least 61 were licence built in Greece by KEA.	0
She is 1 of 3 siblings; an older sister and a younger brother.	1
He works approximately one week behind me.	0
Master Li explains that the student is the last of the order of Spirit Monks.	0
From 1816 to 1837 there were 8 voivodeships in Congress Poland.	0
Bolingbroke was the best known of the three scholars implicated in the "conspiracy" to bring about the death of King Henry.	0
The most popular toothbrush color is blue	1
On 19th September 2010, Bruno was arrested for possession of cocaine in a Las Vegas casino bathroom , he was carrying 2.6 grams.	1
Louis was fined £80 for speeding on the way to V Festival in summer 2012, he was doing eight miles over the speed limit.	1
Sometimes impulsive and easily displeased, especially when Sonny Tuckson is involved.	0
The Amateur Astronomer's Glossary, 1966 (reprinted as The A-Z of Astronomy)	0
A pumpkin really is a fruit	1
1968) Vinyar Tengwar 41, p. 7-10 (A part of the Shibboleth of Fëanor was published in The Peoples of Middle-earth, p. 331-366)	0
It does not evolve from or to any other Pokémon.	1
Over a third of all pineapples come from Hawaii	1
It was with this telling that we learned that Unicron predated the current universe, and had destroyed the previous universe which existed before the current one.	0
As of April 2012, Merlo's winnings from tournaments exceed $85,000 USD.	0
A Forest from the album Seventeen Seconds was their first UK Chart hit, peaking at 31.	1
Cats’ hearts beat at a rate of 110-140 beats per minutes – around twice as fast as the average human.	1
, a second spin-off series on A&E	0
Stafford Smythe Memorial Trophy (MVP): Alfie Turcotte, Portland	0
In September 2007, a guy named Kevin Shelley broke 46 wooden toilet seats with his head in one minute to create a world record.	1
Laure Waridel was the president of Équiterre.	0
In 2009, the Festival had over 50,000 visitors, and brought in 4 million pesos to the economy.	0
New York, Rio, and Buenos Aires Line (NYRBA) - Used for first airmail from Argentina to Miami.	0
Following it’s success on YouTube, Wild Heart was released as a single on 18th January 2014 and managed to reach number three in the UK Singles Charts.	1
A snail can sleep for 3 years	1
Where the word remains known as the whole sign, the unification of concept and sound-image becomes the unification of the signified and the signifier respectively.	0
5, and the Finale of Louis Vierne's Symphony No.	0
With this, Bunton became the only Spice Girls member to have sold more copies of her second album than her first in UK.	0
A separate vote "De Grootste Belg" by the Belgian Dutch-speaking public channel VRT was held around the same time, producing strikingly different results, such as both top-10s sharing only three personalities.	0
According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 56,915.	0
Microsoft announced on May 18, 2007 its intention to acquire Avenue A | Razorfish as part of a $6.0 billion cash purchase of parent company aQuantive.	0
Bears have favorite trees and will walk for miles just to scratch their backs on them.	1
Wearing red can make people more attracted to you.	1
Steven Spielberg was executive producer of The Animaniacs.	1
Neither the "good" nor the "bad" could escape the clutches of death and both were assembled there together.	0
He is good friends with Ed Sheeran.	1
His full name is Hamilton Nash Grier.	1
Tom’s father, Robert, died at the age of 40 after a 5-year battle with a brain tumour on 27th May 2011.	1
The expression to 'knuckle down' originated from playing marbles (players used to put their knuckles to the ground for their best shots)	1
Mexico went on to win the match 4–0.	0
Freddie’s father, Edward Highmore, is a famous British actor, having starred in many British films and television dramas up until 2002, where his last appearance was a minor role in Ali G Indahouse.	1
List of Armenian territories and states	0
"Cougar Attacks on Humans: A Case Report".	0
The term of office is four years.	0
Later their adventures were published in a series of comic books.	0
The 1/13th Battalion merged with the 18th Battalion to form the 30th battalion in November 1941.	0
He was born in Aberdeen, Scotland.	1
One of its earliest and most famous celebrities was JJ Scheuchzer, who travelled much in Switzerland, and wrote much (his travels are described in Latin) as to its natural curiosities, being himself an FRS, and closely associated with Newton and the other English scientific men of the day.	0
The Thracian tribe of the Bessi inhabited the area in Antiquity and the settlement in the Peshtera Valley emerged in the fourth century BC.	0
Rowing clubs are Molesey having an elite development programme and hosting several leading British Rowing crews with two Olympic 2012 gold medalists, Walton, one of the UK's top clubs in the junior category and having had a 2000 Olympics gold medallist, Weybridge, , , Burway, Staines and whose top female quad boat won Henley Women's, 2012.	0
The Titans gain only 98 yards and hold the ball for barely 15 minutes but return two interceptions and a fumble for touchdowns.	0
Harry ate his first ever Twinkie on 28th January 2012!	1
1998 Problem Boy - Self Control (Armix)	0
He helped Jedi Master Yoda get to safety during the assault on his planet.	1
The Russian Mafia shows up and takes however many cows you have.	1
When the new Progressive Party declined to run a candidate in his state senate district, Coolidge won reelection against his Democratic opponent by an increased margin.	0
Selena Gomez’s album ‘A Year Without Rain’ was released in September 2010.	1
NASA announced that, alongside the National Nuclear Security Administration, they are working on plans to possibly destroying hazardous asteroids with nuclear weapons.	1
Basketball League of Serbia 2006–07 to present	0
A road to the village (today known as Route 204), was constructed between 1854 and 1859.	0
A former soldier, he has a 'dark' history on Courcy Island.	0
Indeed, the mineral origins Chinese inks were discussed by Eastern Han scholar Xu Shen (許慎, 58 CE – ca.	0
Cruzília, Minas Gerais is a town and municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.	0
Members vary, from small cities to national local governments associations and regional associations.	0
Hani 50.34% Chayma 39.86% Fady 9.80%	0
According to Miami City Manager Pete Hernandez, this put the Orange Bowl back in the forefront as a possible site for a new Marlins stadium.	0
Freedom is Slavery by Louis Friend, a collection of BDSM short stories.	0
The county is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Delaware Valley Combined Statistical Area.	0
Jordan Subban (1995-), Canadian hockey player	0
His team played three games with only win over the team of USA 6–5 and lost the other two to Brazil and Spain.	0
The dry weight of a spacecraft is the mass of the spacecraft without oxidiser, fuel or other consumables.	0
Nizhny Tagil is home of the Nizhny Tagil State Socio-Educational Academy.	0
Outside of the US and UK	0
While it’s not the largest muscle, the award for the strongest muscle goes to the masseter, more commonly known as the jaw muscle.	1
Nowhere in the Bible does it say there were three wise men, just three gifts.	1
Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory (Producer).	0
Hurlbut, Cornelius S.; Klein, Cornelis, 1985, Manual of Mineralogy, 20th ed., ISBN 0-471-80580-7	0
The logarithm of a non-diagonalizable matrix	0
The name originally suggested for Sonic project was “Project Needlemouse”.	1
The tyrant and the tramp reverse roles in The Great Dictator, permitting the eternal outsider to address the masses..." Similarly, in The 50 Greatest Jewish Movies, Kathryn Bernheimer writes, "What he chose to say in The Great Dictator, however, was just what one might expect from the Little Tramp.	0
Wings hit number one on the UK Singles Chart, Number 2 on the Australian iTunes Chart and Number 3 on the ARIA Charts.	1
Just one cow gives off enough harmful methane gas in a single day to fill around 400 litre bottles.	1
Unlike most other bears, pandas don’t hibernate!	1
The feature, written by Geoff Johns and drawn by Gary Frank, introduces Billy Batson and his supporting cast into the new DC Universe.	0
If they are citizens of the European Union, Romani from Romania and Bulgaria are permitted to travel to France and stay for up to three months.	0
in the Battles of Wuhan and Changsha, Japanese gun crews found themselves badly outranged and hopelessly outgunned and the Type 38 was withdrawn from front-line service in 1942.	0
Residencies at the Wexner Center offer support to artists and often provide opportunities for interaction with the Ohio State community and the public at large.	0
P. s. guttifer (Reinchenow & Neumann, 1895), Mount Kilimanjaro, Tanzania	0
Theuns Kruger - alias 'Jaco Black', financial manager	0
The astrological sign for Wednesday is the same as the astrological sign for the planet Mercury.	1
Hemel Hempstead was announced as candidate No 3 for a New Town in July 1946, in accordance with the government's "policy for the decentralisation of persons and industry from London".	0
Selena Gomez protects her voice by drinking olive oil!	1
Brad started playing guitar at age 11 but didn’t start singing until he was 14 years old.	1
Even though the EP was hardly a high sales success, Virgin signed up Paradinas and gave him his own sublabel, Planet Mu, to release his own work and to develop similar-minded artists.	0
Two skilled tacticians go toe-to-toe, and Stein comes out on top, after slipping in a surprise knight sacrifice in the opening.	0
Édouard Herriot3 June 193218 December 1932	0
Kanye is the sixth most popular digital artist, with a grand total of 30 million downloads within America as of January 2016.	1
The mother of Aspurgus, was the genuine heir to the Bosporan Kingdom.	0
Meg asks Christine how she learned to sing so well.	0
So the pattern with dots 1-2-5 raised would yield (00010011) 2 , equivalent to (13) 16 or (19) 10 .	0
Although it is possible to have some valve overlap with a "T-head", it is virtually pointless, as the compression ratio would be even lower than the standard flathead.	0
Gaius indicates that certain veteres ("ancients") believed that land could be stolen.	0
Maumusson is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southern France.	0
After an unfortunate naming abbreviation mishap in Windows 98 with the Critical Update Notification Tool, the program was renamed to Utility to form CUNU.	1
In addition functions are held on the 27th and 45th days after the death, where again the main idea is to offer food to the departed soul through living Brahmins.	0
Topalov equalized the tiebreak match with the sort of kingside attack he has become famous for.	0
The team won gold at the 2008 Pacific Curling Championships and at the 2009 Winter Universiade and they became World Champions at the 2009 Mount Titlis World Women&apos;s Curling Championship.	0
The criteria were good conduct, distinction in action, and participating in at least twelve enemy actions.	0
1964: Get Yourself a College Girl, "Blue Feeling", "Around and Around" aka "Round and Round" (lip-sync)	0
During his long career Bernardo Castello produced a lot of works.	0
Hines released her first single with the Australian band Rockmelons with the a cover version of the Bill Withers 1971 hit "Ain&apos;t No Sunshine".	0
The average person consumes approximately 6,000 calories on Christmas day - nearly 3 times the recommended daily total.	1
Some historians say that Estonians would gather in holy woods known as “Hiis” on Thursday nights, where a bagpipe player would sit and play whilst people danced and sung until the dawn.	1
The target is fulfilled with current reportages and documentaries from the vast archive of ARD and ZDF, as well as international productions from Discovery Channel and the BBC, dubbed into German.	0
No piece of normal-size paper can be folded in half more than 7 times!	1
They performed the song ‘Heathens’ for the 2016 blockbuster anti-superhero flick, Suicide Squad.	1
Adnan Marohomsalic was a student of Mindanao State University who placed at the top of the national Board Examination for Electrical Engineering in 2001.	0
Eating out of boredom is a habit we develop as a toddler and reinforce throughout our life.	1
In 2008, after a long negotiation with the Capitals, Morrisonn filed for arbitration as he wanted to stay with the team but could not come to an agreement on financial terms.	0
^ Hornocker, Maurice G.; Negri, Sharon (December 15, 2009).	0
Doliche, a city of Thessaly, Greece	0
Every night, Nikola curled his toes 100 times every night because he claimed that it stimulated his brain cells.	1
Amendments that are proposed by the secondary Committee will be voted on by the Committee responsible for producing the report.	0
These birds first lived within forests and rainforests, an environment which still remains their most comfortable and natural habitat.	1
Charolais bulls and females are admired for their muscling, correctness and size.	1
We know more about space than we do about deep in our oceans.	1
He won the 1991 Emmy for Outstanding Writing Team with Sheri Anderson, Samuel D. Ratcliffe, Maralyn Thoma, Josh Griffith, Robert Guza, Jr., Linda Hammer, Lynda Myles, Frank Salisbury, and Richard Culliton	0
He auditioned for X Factor shortly after he finished college.	1
The man who voices Spongebob Squarepants is married to the woman who voices Plankton's computer wife Karen.	1
More generally, it is true that every nonzero finitely generated module has a maximal submodule.	0
The rebuilt 157th Division participated in the Second Battle of the Marne.	0
In the years following these inaugural qualification sessions, which were held on 27 and 28 May 1911, anecdotes would occasionally arise, and thereafter be steadily embellished in their retelling, regarding the purported qualifying times and speeds of given competitors, and how they compared to one another.	0
Judas, in the Bible, betrayed Jesus in exchange for 30 silver coins.	1
Each robin is quite unique, with each bird having a unique, but difficult to identify breast pattern.	1
As of 2003 the district had a population of .	0
Michael and Calum’s first ever concert was their own!	1
It “commemorates the dramatic moment when the two original teams of tunnelers, digging with picks from opposite ends of the tunnel, met each other” (564).	0
The right aisle is home to a baptistery and three altars with canvasses of saints.	0
Following its release, the song was performed sporadically during The Byrds' 1966 live concerts but was abandoned for the rest of the group's lifespan.	0
Jaques is a melancholy lord in As You Like It.	0
The most popular names for cougars are mountain lions, pumas, or panthers.	1
Ekans spells snake backwards, which is also Ekans’ species.	1
His production of Noël Coward's Private Lives starring Kim Cattrall and Paul Gross opened on Broadway in November 2011 following a run in Toronto.	0
One night, a young Arab man, Bensoussan, enters his shop &mdash; and his life.	0
Since 5SOS went to Blackpool, they fell love with English accents.	1
Earth and Mercury are the two most dense planets in the Solar System!	1
Edward Ullendorff concurs in this evaluation, describing his oeuvre as "a considerable and distinguished literary output."	0
Others speculated that the incident was either staged or exaggerated to give coastal defense industries an excuse to move further inland.	0
The word LASER stands for Light Amplification by the Stimulated Emission of Radiation!	1
This is because single genes will coalesce slower than tracing of conventional human genealogy via both parents.	0
Conversation is tree-based: in some cases, the player can choose between various dialogue keywords.	0
Delage 2 LCV (1923, 12 cyl, 2L)	0
Exeggutor and its pre-evolved form are the only known Pokémon that learn Barrage.	1
Like in most Ugandan Bantu languages, "Mwenge" means "banana beer".	0
In addition to Scott Winship, the economists Justin Wolfers, James Hamilton, and Gabriel Zucman claim that FT's assertions go too far.	0
Towards the 8th century of Rome, the letters assumed their artistic forms and lost their older, narrower ones.	0
The cougar is known by many different names depending on the region that they are found.	1
Spam mail got its name from the canned meat after a Monty Python skit that made fun of Spam as tasting “horrible and being ubiquitous and inescapable.”	1
Later she surveyed all the stars brighter than the tenth magnitude.	0
His favourite movies are the Toy Story films.	1
Faustino sought not to pay spousal support, according to the papers filed in Los Angeles.	0
2007 ISU Grand Prix Skate Canada	0
Homer’s full name is Homer Jay Simpson.	1
All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are fixed to 4:20	1
Türkmen and Goldsworthy met online and they decided to form the band after discussing their similar interests, which included Radiohead.	1
Members of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) may have participated if the respective national WOSM member organization agreed.	0
Power: 2 × AA battery or via AC adapter	0
After reaching this rank they would be considered as nobles and elites of society.	0
In 1956, Genaro Delgado Parker began to study the possibility of starting a television station to cover Lima, traveling to the United States, Mexico and Cuba to see the latest in television technology, and to bring it to his home country, Delgado Parker enlisted the help of Don Isaac Lindley, owner of the Inca Kola bottling plant and financial backer for the new station, Cuban television magnate Goar Mestre, who offered him technical expertise as well as a relationship with CBS in the United States.	0
"Next appear three archers who want to stop Harlequin, who, playing his lyre, charms them and manages to escape, all of which comprises the first act, which is performed by the actors as well as by the audience with the help of signs descending from above, on which are written the stories that make up the play: the actors gesture and express through various pantomime motions what is written on the signs, and the spectators sing and in some places the actors, to link the verses, say a few words, and when the signs come down, four violins, a bass, and an oboe sound the theme of the story written on the signs which the public sings."	0
Mayim spent 10 years doing voice overs for cartoons such as Recess and Hey Arnold!	1
P. Memmius Regulus (October -December )	0
The album X &amp; Y had six singles; ‘Speed of Sound’, ‘Fix You’, ‘Talk’, ‘The Hardest Part’, ‘ What If’ and ‘White Shadows’.	1
1966Carole Caldwell Graebner (2/2) Nancy Richey Gunter (3/4)Margaret Court (9/19) Judy Tegart Dalton (2/8)Maria Bueno (9/11) Billie Jean King (4/16)Maria Bueno (10/11) Nancy Richey Gunter (4/4)	0
Duran started the fight well by opening a large cut on the champion's forehead and knocking him down in the second round.	0
With Acid Pro 6 (released in Q3-2006), Sony introduced a full digital audio workstation which also includes MIDI and multitrack audio recording with full support for ASIO, VST, and VSTI audio, plugins, and music synthesizer standards.	0
Arthur Le Bau ... Jean Massieu	0
A Red-Breasted Merganser was once recorded flying at just over 100 miles per hour, whilst being pursued by a plane.	1
By 2098, there will be more Facebook profiles for dead people than live ones.	1
The well-known brand of peanut butter, Skippy, was actually started in 1932 by a Mr. Rosenfield who created the first chunky peanut butter under the brand-name.	1
The soundtrack also includes "Shine Your Way", an original song performed by Owl City & Yuna.	0
Little is known of Keyser's life outside of his astronomical observations and East Indies voyages.	0
Lions typically eat: boars, buffalo, deer, gazelle, impalas, warthogs, wildebeest and zebras.	1
The steers (males) will be sent to the feedlot while a few heifers are kept behind to raise and later produce calves themselves.	0
From 1998 to 2006, he was voiced by Veronica Taylor and then Sarah Natochenny from 2006 onwards.	1
In 2012, China announced a $24 billion investment program to catch up in the field of military turbofans.	0
The first concert he went to see was the rock band “The Wallflowers”.	1
Basil II richly awarded those who surrendered, allowing them to keep their lands, wealth and titles.	0
The Role of Divine Grace in the Soteriology of Śrī Śaṃkarācārya.	0
It was the first known instance of a storm chaser or a meteorologist killed by a tornado.	0
The tallest member of BTS is RM, who is 5.93 feet (181 cm) tall.	1
The average car contains around 350 springs.	1
Jim loves to play the piano.	1
The Thousand Character Classic, attributed to Zhou Xingsi.	0
Metropolitan Michael (Yermakov) 1921 - 1925	0
Interestingly, the basse danse (bassa dansa) was first mentioned in the troubadour tradition (c. 1324), but only as being performed by jongleurs.	0
During One Direction’s Take Me Home tour in LA, Calum split his crotch in front of fifteen thousand people, the guitar tech guy, Nigel, had to duct tape his trousers back together!	1
James lives in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, with his mother and sisters.	1
The anthology is today part of the corpus of texts known today as the Greek Anthology.	0
Yields of up to 80% of saleable	0
Brussels Airport is the world’s biggest chocolate seller, selling over 800 tons of chocolate a year.	1
It’s a common fact that the Simpson family lives in Springfield, but there are 34 different places with this name in America.	1
It was published by Little, Brown and Company.	1
Dimitris Christoulas was a Greek pensioner who committed suicide in Syntagma Square in Athens in April 4, 2012.	0
Robbe-Grillet wrote a screenplay which was very detailed, specifying not only the décor and gestures but also the placement and movement of the camera and the sequencing of shots in the editing.	0
Normally it is sung a cappella in one or various voices, and it is a custom that the audience stand up to hear this song.	0
During the Second World War, German tank drivers would drive their vehicles over camel droppings, thinking it would bring them good luck.	1
It was released on July 1, 1994, on Cold Chillin&apos; Records.	0
The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not named after either a Greek or Roman God.	1
Major League Baseball: Cincinnati Reds 9, Chicago Cubs 4	0
SM-sarja was cancelled in 1930 because of bad winter in Finland.	0
White House "plumbers" G. Gordon Liddy and E. Howard Hunt met with a CIA operative to discuss the possibilities, including drugging Anderson with LSD, poisoning his aspirin bottle, or staging a fatal mugging.	0
The population density of mountain lions can range from 1 per 85 km2 to as high as 1 per 13 km2, depending on the abundance of available resources, such as prey.	0
Not all the Datus, however, remained in Panay.	0
British settlers arrived in the Moonta area in the 1840s, as pastoralists, but there was no significant development until the 1860s, primarily because of the lack of water.	0
1.3 Judge Dredd: Crime Chronicles – The Devil's Playground by Jonathan Clements (December 2009)	0
During the Croatian War of Independence (1991–1995), Dvor was within the breakaway Republic of Serbian Krajina, but following Operation Storm in 1995 the municipality returned to Croatian control.	0
In the UK, 52 million eggs are eaten on Pancake Day, which is 22 million more than on any other day of the year!	1
Some 312 single engine German fighters made an interception plus another 64 Messerschmitt Bf 110s.	0
Dubbed as the North Korea of Central Asia, Turkmenistan is ranked as one of the hardest countries to enter, with strict visa applications requiring assistance from tour agencies and a guide.	1
Cliven had argued in court that his "Mormon ancestors began working the land in the 1880s".	0
^ "Gold-fields Edition of the Rockhampton Bulletin", Rockhampton Bulletin and Central Queensland Advertiser, 3 October 1867, p. 2	0
Having qualified for the UEFA Champions League, Baxter took AIK into the group stages where the Swedish champions played against some of Europe's largest teams, such as FC Barcelona, Arsenal and Fiorentina.	0
The average lifespan of a squirrel is 9 years	1
The "No" campaign won, but only by a very small margin — 50.6% to 49.4%.	0
Scored 16 of his team's 21 points in overtime, setting the NBA record.	0
The first sketch for the design of the Mini was drawn on a napkin in Switzerland.	1
Many cows produce in excess of 40 litres per day and 300 day lactations over 10,000 litres are not uncommon.	1
After the Battle of Bunker Hill, British army fortified the Bunker Hill and Breed’s Hill.	1
One of the most elusive and perplexing birds in the world is the Australian Night Parrot – there were only 3 confirmed sightings in over one century.	1
Nutrients absorbed into the bloodstream are carried to the udder where the cow’s body will put the nutrients together in another form to make milk.	0
FAI Young International Player of the Year: 2006	0
And in this document there is only one "villa Baka" mentioned, which means that there was only one Baka - with Slovak inhabitants.	0
He made lasting Church history with his 1854 infallible decision of the Immaculate Conception, which was the basis for the later dogma on the Assumption.	0
The 'embattled' (castle-like) design separates the chief from the rest of the shield.	0
The British pound is the world's oldest currency still in use: it's 1200 years old.	1
He won the tournament by defeating second seed Rafael Nadal, third seed Novak Djoković, and top seed Federer in consecutive rounds, becoming the third player after Boris Becker and Djoković to defeat the world's top three players in a single tournament.	0
The human body has enough carbon to fill 1000 pencils.	1
In South Africa, termites and ants are often roasted and eaten by the handful, like popcorn.	1
In Kedrovaya Pad Nature Reserve roe deer is their main prey year-round, but they also prey on young Asian black bear if less than two years old.	0
Ultimately, the Salt Lake City police signaled that their prime person of interest was Richard Ricci, being held in custody for unrelated reasons.	0
Wine can be ‘aged' by passing it through an electric field for three minutes.	1
Souter, Gavin (1976) Lion and Kangaroo: the Initiation of Australia, 1901–1919 (Collins: Sydney)	0
The story concerns the life of a woman, Anne Desbaresdes, and her varying relationships with her child, the piano teacher Mademoiselle Giraud and Chauvin.	0
Speaking of Raichu’s Pokédex entries; Raichu features in every regional Pokédex except for the Unova Pokédex.	1
Barakah died there in 1280 (it was rumored that Qalawun had him poisoned), and Khadir gained control of the castle, until 1286 when Qalawun took it over directly.	0
He was given his first full ministerial position after the 2003 elections when appointed Minister in the Ministry of the Prime Minister's Office.	0
The name, number, and limits of territorial entities should be determined by law.	0
21:1) regarding the coming woes which he had denounced, and to entreat the prophet's intercession that the judgment threatened might be averted (Jer 29:25, 26, 29; 37:3; 52:24).	0
The Salzgitter furnaces were shut down and earmarked for dismantling, devastating the town's economy.	0
The Man in Black (1965), filmed as Rough Night in Jericho (1967; Albert also wrote the screenplay)	0
Klemperer later starred in Wake Me When The War Is Over in 1969 playing the role of a German Major, Erich Mueller alongside Eva Gabor.	0
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries	1
He found himself torn on the issue of Quebec separation that had arisen as the Quiet Revolution heated up.	0
Kiril Kulish David Álvarez Trent Kowalik	0
^ Block, Eric (2010).	0
Giorgetta is typically made the daughter of Giacomo-Santo I, in which case she would have been the sister of Giacomo-Santo II, and the Negrone's were not sovereign yet as a result of the wedding.	0
Chapel Hill, North Carolina: University of North Carolina Press, 1991.	0
The human nose can remember 50,000 different scents.	1
Furthermore, the original proposal exempted Paulson from judicial oversight.	0
A male cougar living in the Cascade Mountains kills a deer or elk every 9 to 12 days.	1
The company is constantly trying to introduce new ideas to the market, and in 1991, they released denim acid wash golf shorts, which were not hugely popular.	1
In 2001, a man in Ireland had his leg broken by a swan when he was trying to provoke it.	1
Geodesics without a particular parameterization are described by a projective connection.	0
Louis was voted number four in Sugarscape’s Top 50 Hottest Males of 2011.	1
McCarthy still maintains the law is on the side of the Sidney Town Board, while lawyers and Hans Hass, spokesman for the Muslim center, contend otherwise.	0
The Radio Authority approved the acquisition, but Nigel Griffiths, the Consumer Affairs Minister, referred the takeover to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (MMC).	0
By 1954, he was chairman of Rochdale Council's Establishment Committee.	0
Krynica-Zdrój, a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)	0
In the Pokémon game franchise, Pikachu is the only non-flying type Pokémon that can learn the move Fly, through special events.	1
In the eighteenth century contained only 172 inhabitants and 663 mid-nineteenth century inhabitants, increasing substantially in 1860 with the stationing of the railway.	0
They live in sub-Saharan Africa, northeast Africa, Central Asia, India, and China.	0
The first concession stand in Yosemite to open was a store and bakery, debuted in 1884.	1
There are two main types of lobster species: clawed and spiny lobsters.	1
Other national parks include Ivvavik National Park and Vuntut National Park in the north.	0
Another footbridge connects the forecourt with the motte.	0
They were born 16th October 1991 at the Rotunda Hospital in Dublin, Ireland.	1
Fresh chilled beef must be shipped in specially refrigerated cars and ships in order to arrive in good condition.	0
Snakes can't bite in rivers or swamps (they would drown otherwise)	1
Fullerton Laboratory for Spatial Technology at Middle Tennessee State University, places the site 500 meters south of the location identified by Mastriano.	0
The first published crossword was called a word-cross.	1
In Roman times, lions were kept and released into gladiatorial arenas to fight against the humans.	1
This failed to culminate in the necessary number of nominations from voters.	0
Finn Andrews, son of XTC/Shriekback keyboardist Barry Andrews, spent his teens playing in folk bands in Auckland, New Zealand.	0
The game is sold in 121 countries and comes in 31 different languages.	1
Queen breeders use Jenter kits in order to produce large numbers of queen bees quickly and efficiently.	0
It developed and published numerous games, many of which are regarded as groundbreaking, classics and cult titles, including starting the Civilization and XCOM series.	0
In their report was written, "With such a formation, the ultimate failure of this dam was inevitable, unless water could have been kept from reaching the foundation.	0
It is a liberal (freiheitlich) and strictly folkic (volkisch) party fighting against all reactionary efforts, clerical, feudal, and capitalistic privileges; but, before all, against the increasing influence of the Jewish commercial mentality which encroaches on public life.	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.	0
According to British Royal etiquette, only married women or those about to be married may wear a tiara.	1
Agriculture has long been practiced on the fertile flooding meadows by the river.	0
Warnock was named as captain in Brian McDermott's first game in charge on 13 April against Sheffield Wednesday.	0
1981-82: CSKA Moscow: Gusev, S. Eremin, A. Kovtun, M. Kozhelyanko, V. Kuzmin, R. Kurtinaitis, A. Lopatov, A. Meleshkin, V. Miloserdov, A. Mishkin, Pankrashin, S. Tarakanov.	0
Centennial Airport, Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States, IATA airport code	0
They attacked the tree that is the home of main characters.	0
As of December 31, 2007 Tod Sambar announced that the development and support of Sambar Server would be discontinued.	0
The Script's debut single, "We Cry", peaked in the top ten of the Irish and Danish charts.	0
Argentina are the team with the highest amount of red and yellow cards across all the World Cup tournaments they’ve played in.	1
Its heavy blade enables the user to inflict deep wounds and to cut through muscle and bone.	0
Lee went on to defeat Bennett and business owner, Tim Bridgewater, during the nominating process at Utah Republican Party Convention.	0
The central stripe is wider than the two outer stripes, the ratio being 7:9:7.	0
2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships - bronze medal	0
Miss Lyon created the first curriculum with the goal that it be equal in quality to those of men's colleges.	0
Fernando Enrique Arce Ruiz (born April 24, 1980) is a Mexican international football midfielder.	0
In the United States, their album “Communion” debuted at number 47 selling 8,841 copies in its first week.	1
With him Tottenham never finished worse than 4th in the First Division and in the 15 matches missed by White while on their books, Tottenham won only once.	0
These were not the only developments in the university, however.	0
The German Mozart tenor tradition goes back to end of the 1920s when Mozart tenors started making use of Caruso's technique (a tenor who rarely sang Mozart) to achieve and improve the required dynamics and dramatic expressiveness.	0
In 2014, the band also won the ‘Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards’ for the UK Favourite Breakthrough.	1
Jones, G. B. D. and Mattingly, D. 1990.	0
The Cobra, published in 2010, features some of the characters previously featured in Avenger, and has as its subject an attempt to destroy the world trade in cocaine.	0
Worsley was married to actress Julia M. Taylor with whom he had two sons, Paul Worsley and the film director Wallace Worsley Jr.	0
Several teams tried to control the field in the run in to the finish, with their various sprinters in mind.	0
In the U.S., around ¾ of all houses possess at least 1 jar of peanut butter.	1
The legend may be based on a type of bison in reality.	0
In 1528, the city of Bern adopted the new faith of the Protestant Reformation and began imposing it on the Bernese Oberland.	0
However he was sold back to Strasbourg for the following season following their promotion back to the top tier.	0
See 1977 season, 1978 season, 1979 season, 1980 season, 1981 season and 1982 season.	0
On 12 October 2001 three separate ceremonies were held, with one in Denmark, one in Norway, and one in Sweden.	0
Jessie is attracted to both men and women.	1
In addition, the word Bahá' in the Abjad notation has a value of 9, and a 9-pointed star is used to symbolize the religion.	0
Erotic electrostimulation is the use of electrostimulation in an erotic or sexual manner versus the more sadistic or painful electric shocks in BDSM.	0
In 2006, a physics professor at the University of Central Florida wrote a paper arguing that it is mathematically impossible for vampires to exist, based on geometric progression.	0
In 1907 San Francisco was 3-34, while in 1908 San Francisco was 9-67 and Oakland was 4-71.	0
Tesla’s lab caught on fire and burned to the ground, which set back his current projects and ruined early works as well.	1
Sadly polar bears were one of the first species to become threatened by climate change, and they are expected to decline by 30% by the year 2050.	1
Since then the market has stabilised.	0
However, there are no switches for doing so.	0
On average it takes the light only 1.3 seconds to travel from the Moon to the Earth.	1
The T-64A-2M study in 1973, with its more powerful engine and its reinforced turret, served as a basis for two projects :	0
In her first appearance with FC Gold Pride, she scored the game-winning goal.	0
Henry VIII founded the Anglican Church by breaking away from the Catholic Church mainly because the Pope refused to grant Henry an annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon.	1
The sound of the fell beasts that the ringwraiths fly on is actually the noise of a donkey!	1
In English, fruits which are sweet and used for dessert are usually called "bananas", whereas starchier varieties used for cooking are called "plantains", but these terms do not have any botanical significance.	0
It is believed that they cultivated from the Mediterranean.	1
Bonaventure Panet (July 27, 1765 - March 12, 1846) was a businessman and politician in Lower Canada.	0
On aviation ADFs, the unit automatically moves a compass-like pointer (RMI) to show the direction of the beacon.	0
What was unusual was th the second blooming in November 2012 occurred less than 20 months after he first.	0
On 12th February 2014, the band announced their own UK tour which started in September 2014.	1
Stroganov Palace (now one of the buildings of the State Russian Museum) is among the chief sights of Nevsky Prospekt in Saint Petersburg.	0
He is usually depicted with a long white beard and a sack of toys.	1
Estonia was governed by a Prime Minister during the first two years (1918–1920) of its independence after the collapse of the Russian Empire.	0
Charles Picard (1883-1965) was a prominent Classical archaeologist and historian of ancient Greek art.	0
Water can work against gravity, moving up narrow tubes in a process called capillary action!	1
McAdoo ran twice for the Democratic nomination for President, losing to James M. Cox in 1920, and to John W. Davis in 1924, even though in both years he led on the first ballot.	0
1000 Mahā-Yugas = 1 Kalpa = 1 day (day only) of Brahma	0
Referring to himself as "one of the baddest and best looking mother-fuckers of all time," he followed this success with Fire It Up, and headlined his first tour in support of the album, which saw then rising former artist Prince opening for him.	0
Although Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system, it is also the lightest planet!	1
Derived from Daucus carota L. and patented at the University of	0
Stewie is related to Leonardo da Vinci and ultimately caused the Big Bang.	1
However, Bergman, tired of playing saintly characters and fearing typecasting, requested that she and Turner switch roles, allowing her to play a darker role for the first time.	0
Saarinen further said that if the tracks passed between the memorial and the river, he would withdraw his participation.	0
NBDL Rookie of the Year -04	0
The first big television role River auditioned for, was Freddie Benson on iCarly.	1
It takes 1 alligator to make a pair of shoes and 3 for a pair of boots	1
In 1910, he was chosen by Najaf's cleric community and sent to Tehran to supervise the laws passed by the Majlis of Iran, to make sure they are not against the rules of sharia.	0
The TV sitcom Seinfeld was originally called 'The Seinfeld Chronicles'	1
particularly in the context of Virginia Woolf's gender-bending politics" and thus fit to play the aged Queen Elizabeth.	0
Tristan started playing the drums when he was 7 years old.	1
Musica is a massive public statue in Nashville, Tennessee.	0
The Nazis were the first ever people in modern history to start an anti-smoking and tobacco movement.	1
In 2009, A-Trak collaborated with Armand Van Helden to form a disco house production duo under the stage name Duck Sauce.	0
The holotype specimen of Ambedus was found from an outcrop of the Early Permian the Greene Formation on Clark Hill in Monroe County, Ohio.	0
Most notable in these collaborators is Horace Trahan in Louisiana and Renji Condoré aka Mamoru Kobayakawa who co-wrote most of the songs on the album with Arthur Comeau aka Zander McQuigan aka Nom de Plume.	0
Liam wants to teach Zayn how to swim.	1
In 2007, however, the club ended last in the Jupiler League and was forced to go to the second division.	0
Gaston tried to poison his father using a powder that he got from King Charles II of Navarre.	0
The largest volcanic region on Earth is two kilometres below the surface of the vast ice sheet that covers west Antarctica, where at least 136 volcanoes are located.	1
Carlo Maria Giulini (1914–2005), orchestra director	0
The Hongjialou Campus houses the Schools of Law, Foreign Languages and Literature, Physics, Fine Arts, Physical Education, Philosophy and Social Sciences, as well as Political Science and Public Administration.	0
In 2001, Banksy published a book called, ‘Banging Your Head Against a Brick Wall‘.	1
Nikki Finn is a carefree, young woman, who is always dressed up in leather jacket and skirt, with fire-red lips, platinum bob hair and speaking in a high-pitched voice.	0
Despite being only able to reach 49 inches in height, lotus flowers can spread 10 feet horizontally.	1
"Rain", by Glay from Hai to Diamond, 1994	0
A long (four bytes) will be 4-byte aligned.	0
Numerous additional supplements were produced for the Second Edition, including "numbered" Companions 4-7, the Alchemy, Oriental, Elemental Spell Users' and Arms Companions, and two additional Creatures and Treasures volumes.	0
They have a stronger connection to the Warp than humans, but are not as vulnerable to corruption.	0
Drogheda won the trophy for the second successive year.	0
His father, Carter Mahone, sadly died when Austin was less than two years old.	1
Italy, Benito Mussolini claimed to be an autarky, especially after the 1935 invasion of Abyssinia and subsequent trade embargoes.	0
In 2017, Odisha reached a staggering 114 °F (45.5 °C); one resident was seen cooking an egg in an oiled frying pan directly on the street without any fire or heat source other than the temperature outdoors.	1
7.1% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.	0
Your foot has 26 bones in it	1
The conscientious objectors or unwilling soldiers sought exemption from combat.	0
Sporting News "Fireman of the Year"	0
From here the Flame was delivered to Moscow in 1967 and was placed near Kremlin wall on the Tomb of Unknown Soldier.	0
Lyon was defeated by German club Turbine Potsdam in the penultimate match.	0
Little Mix’s first book – Ready to Fly – is a reference to their single ‘Wings‘.	1
Sun Ra gave him a place to stay, bought him a new pair of green pants with yellow stripes (which Sanders hated but had to have), encouraged him to use the name 'Pharoah', and gradually worked him into the band."	0
They mean myself and whoever are my current travelling musical companions."	0
Despite some concerns both in and outside of the country, the Estonian economy and its currency remained highly resilient and solvent.	0
Both African and Asian elephants use their ears as an air conditioner.	1
Snorlax is the heaviest Pokémon that has a gender and the heaviest Normal-type Pokémon.	1
Among first to surf Black&apos;s Beach in La Jolla, CA	0
Rosie, doesn’t like Cher’s song ‘Swagger Jagger’.	1
Hye-na is strong-headed and selfish, whose world revolves around her because she could not experience the warmth of a family whilst growing up.	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.	1
He was the first Ceylonese to get agricultural seeds from tropical countries and certain European countries.	0
The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer	1
North American River Otter (Lontra canadensis)	0
It reverts into a Digi-Egg, and temporarily becomes a DexDorugamon through Death-X Evolution.	0
Actress Maisie Williams is right-handed, although her character Arya is left-handed, so she learnt all her fight scenes with Syrio left-handedly.	1
Although he is now most famous as a rapper, he was first known for his role on Degrassi: The Next Generation, a popular American TV series.	1
The tears during cutting an onion are caused by sulfuric acid present in them!	1
Planet Fish for Wiiware & iOS systems only	0
G-AAUC was originally named Hecate after the Greek goddess; it was soon renamed Horsa, after the legendary conqueror of Britain and brother of Hengist.	0
Several tendencies were represented on the Central Committee, but later, the only line that prevailed was the Marxist-Leninist.	0
B 2 (q) has a non-trivial graph automorphism when q is a power of 2.	0
In 2015, at the age of only 19, he bought a house in Las Vegas.	1
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites!	1
P-Funk (also spelled P Funk or P. Funk) is a shorthand term for the repertoire and performers associated with George Clinton and the Parliament-Funkadelic collective and the distinctive style of funk music they performed.	0
The highest that Los Angeles has drafted is first overall, which they have done once, they selected Rick Pagnutti (1967).	0
The Air Jordan 1 was made famous by basketball player Michael Jordan; however, Jordan hated the colors red and black when he first saw the shoes.	1
The use of oil lamps began thousands of years ago and is continued to this day, although not commonly anymore.	0
Even more shocking is the sight of the beautiful Francisca, now a selfless nun, nursing the sick at the hospital.	0
This road is a continuation of the M-406, and connects central Getafe with Perales del Río.	0
After seizing the nearby Ganjaku castle, controlled by a retainer to the Akizuki, Hideyoshi turned his attention to the Akizuki clan's home castle.	0
Grand Cayman is about 22 miles long and 4 to 8 miles wide and pretty much at sea level.	1
(P \to Q)\leftrightarrow (\neg Q \to \neg P)	0
They began touring in France and also toured America opening for The Posies, Cotton Mather, and The Steamkings.	0
A complete edition, in three volumes, of his writings appeared in Paris, in 1666, under the title Opuscula Theologica.	0
This is combined with time domain statistical multiplexing; i.e., packet mode communication, which makes it possible for several users to share the same frequency channel.	0
Their bodies were stripped of all valuables.	0
Marie, in the eastern Upper peninsula might be a viable alternative.	0
The ‘Adidas Superstar’, which was originally intended for basketball, became hugely popular with skateboarders in the early 90s.	1
During his first term as governor, he named Oscar Adams to fill a vacancy on the Alabama Supreme Court, the first African American chosen for such a position.	0
He swiped a picture of Tyra Banks from his mothers magazine and taped it to his bedroom ceiling.	1
You are three times more likely to get a virus on your computer from a Religious website than from a Porn website.	1
Archaeological evidence support the existence of human settlement in the region around 1500 BC.	0
Crystal – the monkey from The Hangover 2 and Night at the Museum has her own IMDB page!	1
The 44th British Film Awards, given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1991, honoured the best films of 1990.	0
On Nov. 16, 1944, Matisse wrote a letter to Camoin: "Have you seen the Picasso room?	0
1984 University of St. Thomas (St. Paul, Minnesota, USA; Honorary Doctor of Human Letters)	0
Richard "Ritchie" Campbell, Jr. (Trevor Gagnon), Christine and Richard's son, who attends a posh private school.	0
Senior Liator Keila Jedrik starts a war that will change Dosadi forever.	0
Gaya has been the origin of several sweet delicacies popular in the whole of Bihar, Jharkhand and the rest of India.	0
In June 2011, she released her album “When The Sun Goes Down”.	1
This is a list of the writings of English writer and philologist J. R. R. Tolkien.	0
Denise Filiatrault, Ma vie en cinémascope	0
Ernest Schoedsack: film director, including the original King Kong and Mighty Joe Young.	0
AT-SPI used the GNOME project own fast and lightweight CORBA implementation, ORBit, and its own framework for creating CORBA components, Bonobo.	0
Oricon Top 20 Weekly Peak: #27	0
Laughter reduces the risk of heart diseases!	1
a video with previews of the album was released on YouTube, and was followed by a press release on his site and ANTI-'s blog, which read:	0
Michael came up with the band’s name in a maths lesson; initially the other boys all hated it.	1
The pitcher may also throw to an unoccupied base if appealing that a runner missed a base or left too early on a fly ball.	0
Every year over 98% of atoms in your body are replaced	1
37, later Northwestern Pacific Railroad No.	0
She is the younger sister of Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty.	0
The leading cause of death by disease past infancy among children in the U.S. is Cancer.	1
Epcot DiveQuest — A little-known attraction, certified SCUBA divers have the ability to experience a 40-minute underwater tour of the tank of the Caribbean Coral Reef Aquarium.	0
If Jack could be any celebrity for a day, beside himself, he would be Bruno Mars.	1
He started his mission on September 16, 1939 in Berlin and for a long time remained the only ICRC delegate in Germany and its soon-to-be occupied territories.	0
However, he vetoed the second ("early release") bill.	0
In Hualien County, a man was killed after being struck in the head by an iron bar that crashed into his home; 33 others were injured in the county.	0
The Emperor made the same assurance to Members of Parliament John A. Roebuck and John A. Lindsay.	0
Queen's is a publicly funded research university, and a member of the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada.	0
The Augustinian friars were the first Christian missionaries to arrive in what is now regarded as Asia's only Catholic nation, and the leader of these first missionaries was the navigator Andrés de Urdaneta (1498 – June 3, 1568, Mexico), an Augustinian friar.	0
Turanga Leela (also known as Leela) is a cycloptic mutant.	1
For every 100 females there were 133.90 males.	0
Meyer originally planned The Host to be a trilogy, but fears about having to kill off some of her characters.	1
His mother never told him, until a local doctor tells him that Stark is a fraternal twin that was living inside Thad's brain.	0
However, he was a patron of the arts and responsible for the construction of some notable buildings, among them the Brandenburger Tor in Berlin.	0
Pneumonia is due to infections caused primarily by bacteria or viruses and less commonly by fungi and parasites.	0
Her parents are John Nelson and Janice White, she has three siblings, Jonathan, Joseph and Jade (anybody noticing a ‘J’ theme here?)	1
, there were 18 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector.	0
Third, if you do accidentally stick yourself, report the injury immediately.	0
Julius Watkins - french horn (tracks 5-7)	0
Other purposes include filtrating fluids, sound deadening, allowing light or fluids to pass through, and to create an aesthetic design.	0
Matt Pagnozzi - Major League Baseball player for the Cleveland Indians	0
Iceland has a dating app that stops you hooking up with your cousin.	1
During his first year at university on a scholarship, Tesla never missed a lecture while earning the highest possible grades and passed almost twice as many exams as were required.	1
Ketchup was sold in the 1830’s as medicine.	1
Antalyaspor, known as Medical Park Antalyaspor for sponsorship reasons, is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Antalya.	0
The conference pondered on the duality of Madonna as both of them and deduced that the question of Madonna's feminism is not easy to decide.	0
He was unable to consistently throw strikes as well, giving up 8 walks.	0
On 6th December during the feast of St. Nicholas, children in Holland put their clogs outside at night so Santa can fill them with chocolate money.	1
Requirements - Statements that identify attributes, capabilities, characteristics, or qualities of a system.	0
At that event he performed a story about the hero Bhima from the Mahabharata.	0
Goldsworthy is a big fan of Metallica and Marilyn Manson, and said that the band’s music is often inspired by them.	1
Police dogs are trained to respond to commands in foreign languages (usually German or Hungarian)	1
-R_2 i_2 + \epsilon_1 - R_1 i_1 & = 0 \\	0
Great Pyramid of Cholula in Mexico is the largest pyramid in the world, ahead of the Great Pyramid of Giza!	1
Blind people's dreams are richer in sounds, touches, tastes and smells.	1
In May 2012, Bankia received a 19 billion euro bailout, on top of the previous 4.5 billion euros to prop up Bankia.	0
It began serialization in Kodansha's Kiss manga magazine on November 10, 2008.	0
Brookite is a brittle mineral, with a subconchoidal to irregular fracture and poor cleavage in one direction parallel to the c crystal axis and traces of cleavage in a direction perpendicular to both the a and the b crystal axes.	0
FC Groningen, the football club from Groningen, Netherlands	0
See also List of museums in Oklahoma.	0
As other cats, the Pumas more or less live a solitary life.	1
He has been compared to Justin Bieber – they both found fame on the internet.	1
During the following season, 1975–76, Robson played only sporadically.	0
However, when a fresh install of XP/Server 2003 is performed, the SYSTEM.INI file created contains by default only these lines:	0
"Whatever" is the most annoying word, a U.S. poll found in 2016 for the eight year in a row.	1
In Super Smash Bros games; Brawl and Melee, there is a trophy of Bulbasaur that appears.	1
Pandas spend 12 hours a day eating bamboo	1
After primary school Bride decided he wanted to become a wireless operator and he worked in his family's business to help pay for training.	0
Due to the thick atmosphere on Venus, temperatures on the surface can reach up to a staggering 470 degrees Celsius!	1
Nowadays, pasta makers are found in many homes and restaurants.	1
The film made a six weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office.	0
Unlike other parts of India, the devadasis also known by the colloquial name of Mahari(s)of the Jagannath temple complex in the eastern state of Odisha have never practised prostitution, and have been expected to remain celibate from the time they became devadasis.	0
The two album covers (and record labels) also differ in the fact that the British version recognises seven tracks from the film's score on side two, while the American version only recognises six tracks, treating the songs "Sea of Time" and "Sea of Holes" as a single track, titled "Medley: Sea of Time & Sea of Holes".	0
Over 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens each year	1
Out of every 200 people, one person will have an extra rib.	1
Even though they might seem scary, dingoes aren’t often seen targeting humans, and they are much more likely to run away from you than attack you.	1
Cet imbécile de Ludovic, Le Masque (1960)	0
A small part of Lyndhurst was originally part of Mayfield Township.	0
In Scandinavia, some eagles have built nests so heavy that they have broken the tree.	1
For assisting in digestion they need hay which helps them to prevent forming of fur balls in stomach.	1
It is comparable to the Chancellery of the Federal Chancellor of Germany.	0
International Carrom Federation, the governing body for the sport of carrom	0
Anjou Yoshio (Kumichou) is the head of the Anjougumi yakuza family.	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
List of dragons in popular culture	0
Her official site can be found at MayimBialik.net, and you can follow on twitter at @MissMayim	1
As a girl, Anna had been given a "Rosa" doll, styled after the French animal painter Rosa Bonheur—so famous at the time that dolls were made in her image.	0
Liam Payne (ex-member of One Direction) has a fear of spoons.	1
A young female cow is called a ‘heifer’.	0
The population in 1900 was about 54,830, not including the 15,000 Samians living nearby on the mainland.	0
The racial makeup of the county was 96.27% White, 0.30% Black or African American, 0.42% Native American, 0.38% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.77% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races.	0
The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.	0
Dialectic is a tool for philosophical debate; it is a means for skilled audiences to test probable knowledge in order to learn.	0
The game was extremely low scoring, South Africa winning by a single penalty goal from Viviers.	0
rm - remove a file or directory	0
Senator Jim Cowan informed the Senate that the Liberal Senators remained Liberals, and that "when we met this morning following Mr. Trudeau's announcement, my colleagues voted to confirm our leadership team.	0
According to some, the cause of her unhappiness was that she missed her sons and worried about them.	0
If they were countries, the Chinese provinces of Guangdong, Shandong, Henan, Sichuan and Jiangsu would be among the world's 20 most populous.	1
The last bicycle is produced in 1962.	0
She wears a purity ring like Selena and the Jonas Brothers.	1
The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia”.	1
Fayette School, Old Bustleton and Welsh Rds., Bustleton, Philadelphia, PA - 1855	0
In the movie Toy Story, Andy didn't have a father because human characters were too expensive to animate.	1
Eugene Sebastian Middle School – Jackson, Kentucky	0
In Squaw Valley, California, there is a Starbucks with a ski-thru so skiiers don’t have to take off their equipment.	1
[99] California has actively sought to protect the cat and has an estimated population of 4,000 to 6,000.	0
She was dating Justin Bieber until January 2013.	1
In the United Kingdom, these units are of historic interest only, having been replaced by metric units in 1970.	0
He told one of his generals, "He is an able general but a very cautious one.	0
In an attempt to prevail on Vladislaus to protest, Matthias invited him to a personal meeting.	0
24 MarchRanger 9Lunar impactImpacted Alphonsus Crater at 14:08:20, returned 5,814 images	0
They have stout, elongated bodies and flattened heads with small eyes.	0
His favorite TV character is Krusty the Clown.	1
He was installed as Cardinal-Priest at the Basilica of Saint Mary Above Minerva.	0
The closest French town is Ghyvelde and Bray dunes.	0
New ideas can come by way of experimenting with tools and methods.	0
When he returned, ready to marry, the death of Rafael de Valenzuela, successor to José Millán Astray as commander of the Spanish Legion, intervened.	0
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has such severe dyslexia that he didn’t read his first novel until he was 38.	1
She continued, “A lot of times there are things we can do to prevent accidents just by knowing a cow’s natural behavior.”	0
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.The combined value of the cattle and beef industry is $200 billion.	1
When Garcia first got the part on LOST, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.	1
Edward is a Graphic Designer and the founder of IBI Designs Inc.	1
The first smartphone running Android was released in 2008, the HTC Dream or T-Mobile G1 depending on your country, it had a sliding keyboard.	1
Seeing this she collapses, scared to death.	0
"Time anxiety" occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.	1
As a child, Miley would collect gifts from her father’s fans on stage and donate to a nearby hospital.	1
Males had a median income of $31,863 versus $22,393 for females.	0
"Real life" examples include planning and resource allocation.	0
HN-6 is a further development of FN/FY-6/16.	0
Game 1 @ The Summit, Houston (April 29): Houston 117, LA Clippers 94	0
In the 1920s and early 1930s they appeared in New York, New York and London, England.	0
Their healthy traits help them to resist common bovine diseases, and common problems in cattle like bloat or ticks are rare in the Brangus cattle.	0
In 1939 Orhan Veli was in a car accident with his friend Melih Cevdet, as a result of which he was in a coma for twenty days.	0
Two Nigerian judoka (one man and one woman) qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics.	0
In English folklore, people used to believe that he was associated with the god Wodan, the carrier of the dead.	1
The French legislative elections took place on 16 March 1986 to elect the 8th National Assembly of the Fifth Republic.	0
Louis is 5’6″ tall (1.72 m).	1
Don Hall & Stephen J. Anderson - Winnie the Pooh – Walt Disney Animation Studios	0
Some of his writings, including The Egoist, also highlight the subjugation of women during the Victorian period.	0
Nelsan used to get annoyed when people in the industry assume he is gay because of his role in True Blood.	1
Hermann Goetz and Heinrich Schulz-Beuthen, Piano Music, Kirsten Johnson, piano, Guild GMCD 7282; includes Goetz' Lose Blätter, op.	0
He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the Université de Montréal in 1968 and later studied economics at the same institution.	0
In an IGN list, Bulbasaur was rated as the 52nd top Pokémon of all time.	1
Matt Wachter was the former bassist for 30 Seconds to Mars from 2001 to 2007.	1
They released the album Ailleurs in 2006.	0
Author Stephen King wrote ‘Salem’s Lot, which was his tribute to Stoker and the vampire genre.	1
Le Giornate del Cinema Muto, 2004.	0
After 1968, the use of this cap has been less and less frequent, but may be seen on Norwegian Constitution Day, mostly worn by old academics.	0
Ed preformed at the London Olympics closing ceremony and covered Pink Floyd’s ‘Wish You Were Here’.	1
The Lungmen Nuclear Power Plant ( ) (formerly Gongliao Nuclear Power Plant and Fourth Nuclear Power Plant, often abbreviated as: ; "Nuke 4"), located nearby Fulong Beach, Gongliao District, New Taipei City, is Taiwan's fourth nuclear power plant, consisting of two ABWRs each of 1,300 MWe net.	0
Apple, potatoes and onions have the same taste, to test this eat them with your nose closed!	1
On an average, there are more left-handed people with IQs over 140 than right-handed people, according to a study!	1
Susanne Wiest (born January 16, 1967) is an activist for the unconditional basic income who lives in Greifswald, Germany.	0
24.70% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.	0
Gold, Silver and Bronze refer to the Olympic medals and other sports.	1
In California, Dave Brubeck hired alto saxophonist Paul Desmond, forming a quartet.	0
Most people know that the opening credits song is by Regina Spektor and was made exclusively for the show, but did you know that when the faces start flashing on screen, several of them actually include the real life Piper Kerman, who’s book was the basis for the whole series.	1
Until its discontinuation in 1996, the New Yorker had made its mark as the longest running American car nameplate.	0
Ceccagno, Dempsey and Smith later left to form the band, Malice.	1
The Lotus is even believed to have given birth to the sun.	1
Jacob’s debut EP The Last Text was released on 20th January 2017.	1
Alliumphobia is the fear of garlic.	1
Young Lotus root can have a light purple or white skin; when mature, Lotus root has a brown-beige skin and its size can vary from short and squat to longer and narrow.	1
It is affiliated to the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches.	0
The role of reelin in autism is not decided yet.	0
List of Ultras of the United States	0
It is distinctive from earlier Kaypro models because of its vertically oriented disk drives.	0
The Holy Roman Empire in its Frankish form collapsed as it was subdivided among Charlemagne's grandchildren.	0
from reign of Tiberius in AD 14 to the death of Nero in AD 68.	0
The upper set of wings was attached to the fuselage with a set of cabane struts, as in a parasol wing monoplane, whereas the lower set was of much lesser span while having approximately the same chord.	0
In 1617, a year after Cervantes died, The works of Persiles and Sigismunda appeared.	0
The most common food is the buds and leaf tips of cushion plants.	0
The trilogy are published through Scholastic.	1
Their best result was 14th place in LegADue in the 2005/06 season.	0
Other parties the CPC studies and maintains strong party-to-party relations with are the United Malays National Organisation, which has ruled Malaysia democratically since 1957, and the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, which dominated Japanese politics from 1955 to 2009.	0
Michael Cera as Gordon Hersch Jr. Gordo's	0
The term “to masticate” comes from the Greeks, who used a resin made from the mastic tree to exercise their jaws.	1
Soon thereafter he moved to San Francisco, California, where he started acting, mainly in theatre productions.	0
In 46 games, Henderson batted .336 and hit three home runs and two triples.	0
This version was created by Elizabeth Maggie, who wanted a game to understand tax.	1
When Charles V died in 1380, his son Charles VI was a minor, so Berry and his brothers Louis I of Anjou, King of Naples (1339–1384) and Philip the Bold, Duke of Burgundy (1342–1404), acted as regents of France until 1388.	0
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Jedi Knight (male human)	0
The stock market capitalisation of listed companies in Jordan was valued at $37.639 billion in 2005 by the World Bank.	0
Jennifer, a female giant ground sloth, is voiced by Lorri Bagley	0
The brand’s stripes, which is probably the most easily recognizable aspect of the brand, was originally placed on the sneakers for stability reasons, not design.	1
The beaches are pristine – a pretty light blue, warm, very gentle, and as clear as a glass of water.	0
Cher Lloyd was born on 28th July 1993.	1
Females continue to interact with their offspring even after weaning, and have been observed sharing kills with their offspring when they can not obtain any prey.	0
He doesn’t like going commando because “you need support”!	1
Historian Serhiy Pavlenko estimates that 6-7.5 thousand civilians and 5-6.5 thousand military personnel were murdered.	0
Before eating produce that grew directly from the earth:	0
The bastions of The Line of Gibraltar would remain intact for twenty years, serving the purpose for which they were built.	0
Mysterio - first boss - This former special effects wizard appears to know Spider-Man's true identity, and uses that knowledge to trap him.	0
Picasso died on April 8th, 1973 in Mougins, France due to pulmonary edema and heart failure.	1
"Rock Me Baby" (Willie Broonzy; Arthur Crudup) - 3:49	0
24-points – Trailed Manly Sea Eagles 34–10 after 57 minutes to win 36–34 at Jubilee Stadium (19 August 2004)	0
Miguel Sánchez (1594–1674), novohispanic priest, writer and theologician	0
Rather His very nature is the standard for value."	0
The only traditional Welsh county that never takes "shire" is Anglesey—in English: in Welsh it is referred to as 'Sir Fon'.	0
Gold, Silver and Bronze refer to the Olympic medals and other sports.	1
Cows don't have upper front teeth	1
Rooney grew up supporting his local club, Everton.	1
A Robust Romeo is a 1914 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.	0
Raffles Bulletin of Zoology Supplement 14: 77-86.	0
Jay has a twin brother called Tom, although they are not identical twins.	1
He also has a Master’s in Fine Arts from Temple University, Philadelphia, PA.	1
long as the ox teamster is always smarter than the oxen.	0
In 1978, the tracks were included in the UK LP Rarities which was first released as part of The Beatles Collection, then individually in the UK, with all four of these songs appearing in mono.	0
The painter who Brundage admired the most was Huizong, 12th-century Chinese emperor of the Sung Dynasty; the collector never was able to obtain any of his work.	0
"Anti-TPP, Nuclear Phaseout, Consumption Tax Hike Freeze Realization Party" (Han-TPP - Datsu-Genpatsu - Shōhizei Zōzei Tōketsu wo Jitsugen Suru Tō; Han-TPP), founded by Masahiko Yamada and Shizuka Kamei in November 2012 following their respective departures from the DPJ and the PNP, merged with Genzei Nippon in November 2012.	0
Slowpoke uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river.	1
In England’s medieval times, animals were punished in the royal courts for any damages they inflict on people or properties of people… harsh!	1
La Naïade et le pêcheur (revival of Ondine, ou La Naïade).	0
Petrarch, Scipio and the "Africa"; the birth of humanism's dream by Aldo S Bernardo, Baltimore, Johns Hopkins Press	0
Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company, Inc. Publishers.	0
Jade was the girlfriend to Sam Craske – a member of Diversity, however they split up in June 2014, due to busy schedules.	1
Chocolate is the number 1 food craved by women	1
Singing in the shower can burn an extra 10-20 Calories per song, depending on the volume and pitch of your voice.	1
Apple is 25% air, that is why it floats on water!	1
A CMOS imaging chip is a type of active pixel sensor made using the CMOS semiconductor process.	0
Monopoly is the most played board game in the world	1
File:Cigales Lalique Musée Gulbenkian.jpg|Cicadas, Museu Calouste Gulbenkian	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.	0
Hoping to prevent the outbreak of a wider war, American officials ordered the U.S. Army to arrest the Meskwakis who massacred the Menominees.	0
The merger was completed on 1 August 2009.	0
Toros Mountains, a mountain chain from west to east, covers most of the region.	0
The Constitution of the French Fifth Republic greatly increased the power of the executive at the expense of Parliament, compared to previous constitutions (Third and Fourth Republics).	0
Len Moorwood, footballer, goalkeeper for teams including West Bromwich Albion and Burnley in early 20th century.	0
In 1932, Thomas Earl, a zookeeper at the Cleveland Brookside Zoo, was fired from his job, then mauled by a brown bear and mistakenly shot by police.	1
Before that, washing machines were hand-powered or, prior to that, simply boards or rocks that clothing was scraped against.	1
Men who have sex with men (MSM), also known as males who have sex with males, are male persons who engage in sexual activity with members of the same sex, regardless of how they identify themselves; many men do not (or cannot for other reasons) sexually identify as gay, homosexual or bisexual.	0
In early 2014 Carter, Morrell and Svendsen collaborated on a book titled BadChristian, Great Savior.	0
The Amazon rainforest produces half the world's oxygen supply	1
On January 10, 2011, the 2011 BCS National Championship Game had an attendance record setting 78,603 on hand for the game.	0
Bitcoin is the world's biggest cryptocurrency but there are now close to 800 digital currencies work around US$96 billion total.	1
2,500 fish were once killed by a teddy bear.	1
All three movements of this work are written in sonata form, unlike the second concerto, where rondo form is used in the second and third movements.	0
As the teams regroup to try and figure out what to do, Sage picks up on some thought the monsters are projecting.	0
Shrub Exochorda racemosa 1849 Pearl Bush Bretschneider	0
He later made three more comics for the same series.	0
He can’t swim as he never had lessons when he was younger.	1
Use of these less desirable cuts came from peasant households, who invented delicious but labor-intensive ways to utilize the parts rejected by the upper classes.	0
This small birth-weight makes Ankole-Watusi bulls useful for	0
1896 8월 4일 Changnyeong and Yeongsan county are incorporated into South Gyeongsang province 경상남도 창녕군·영산군	0
Racing only disputed 23 fixtures, winning its 7th.	0
The world’s biggest source of energy for producing electricity comes from coal!	1
Flappy Bird has as many reviews on the App Store as Gmail does (47,000).	1
Generalleutnant Heinrich Kirchheim (1 December 1939 - 1 February 1941)	0
Most frequent between 2000–3000 ft (600 – 900 m).	0
Six months after leaving the presidency, Castelo Branco died in a midair collision of small aircraft near Fortaleza.	0
Selena Marie Gomez is her full name.	1
The church was built between 1822 and 1824 and was known as first as the Camden Chapel, then, unofficially, as St Stephen's.	0
In males, the frequency of ejaculations affects the libido.	0
142September 6Brewers 7:15 pm (FSM)4–2Lohse (13–8)Gallardo (15–10)Motte (3)35,397	0
Pantheism is belief that God did not create the universe, but rather the universe is God.	1
Niall had a live hamster thrown at him during a concert.	1
The Rats was released as the film Deadly Eyes in 1982, by Canadian film maker Robert Clouse.	1
Subaru is initially uninterested in the battle for the end of the world, but is convinced to join the Dragons of Heaven.	0
The bodies from the side of the Norman bodies were buried in a large common grave, which location remains unknown.	1
The tube route in London from Leicester Square to Covenant Garden is the most popular route for tourists, however; it is faster to get from Leicester Square to Covenant Garden on foot!	1
He attended the New York Military Academy aka NYMA to whom he credits much of his success to.	1
2006 "Aladi" (documentary for Surinam television i.c.w.	0
A larger number of bubbles is more likely to indicate the presence of an AVM.	0
With M. Ghose "Ephtalites", in Bulletin of the Asia Institute, 2007.	0
Sri Lankan Catering, although a 100%-owned subsidiary of SriLankan Airlines, is a standalone operation responsible for its own economic infrastructure, management and profitability.	0
Aside from church records and legal documents, most aspects of Shakespeare’s life are circumstantial, and nothing is known for certain.	1
The record for visiting all 270 London Underground stations is 16 hours, 20 minutes and 27 seconds.	1
Initially the group only intended to end live performances as The Band, and each member was initially kept on a $2,500/week retainer by Warner Brothers.	0
The Kings selected Spencer Hawes with the 10th overall pick in the 2007 NBA Draft.	0
Zapdos is immune to Ground type attacks.	1
It also aired across the Balkans, the Arab world, and Iran, gaining widespread international popularity.	0
The designation of the wing changed on October 1, 1991 to the 18th Wing with the implementation of the Objective Wing concept.	0
ISM University of Management and Economics, a business university in Lithuania	0
But due to a lack of a powerful core in the OS, application development was limited, a situation which Samsung hoped to rectify by launching Bada 2.0.	0
Estimates of the size of the division range from 6,000 to 6,500 men.	0
Aiti is some 15 km north of Corte and about 25 km inland from the east coast of Corsica.	0
If eaten in one meal, 30 to 90 grams of polar bear liver is enough to kill a human being.	1
From then on the difference in Brett's appearance and behaviour slowly became more noticeable as the series developed.	0
The Pearl of Great Price is composed of two lost books from the Bible, a translation of the Gospel of Matthew, Joseph Smith’s history, and the 13 Articles of Faith.	1
The word "Afghanistanism", which means focusing on problems in distant parts of the world while ignoring local issues, was first used in 1948.	1
In 1998, the United Nations accused the Taliban of denying emergency food by the UN's World Food Programme to 160,000 hungry and starving people "for political and military reasons".	0
It was therefore ironic (most especially given the musical allusion identified by Jaffé in the central movement: see below) that Sonata No.	0
He has a One Direction poster in his room.	1
He married his third wife, Mariamne II, the daughter of the priest Simon Boethus; immediately Herodes deprived Jesus the son of Phabet, of the high priesthood, and conferred that dignity on Simon.	0
alter their constitutions) only on the advice of her Canadian federal ministers; "Canada had not one responsible government but eleven."	0
After the fall of the Qing Empire, Yuan Shikai promoted Demchugdongrub to the title of Zhasake Heshuo Duling Qinwang ( Zhāsàkè Héshuò Dùléng Qīnwáng) in 1912.	0
Shawn was also on an nationwide tour opening for young superstar Austin Mahone.	1
Muhammad Khudayar Khan (1853–1858) (2nd time)	0
In "Ice", an episode from the television series TV show X-Files, Mulder and Scully are sent to a remote Alaskan research facility at Icy Cape in which a five-member team are found dead, possibly due to an alien lifeform that infects a human host and makes its host want to kill other people.	0
of [P] for poll or [PS] for poll with scurs.	0
During the building of first World Trade Center, a Subway franchise decided to open a store elevated high above the New York Skyline to feed hungry time-strapped construction workers.	1
In 1938 the Latin alphabet was replaced with a Cyrillic one.	0
To the west it borders Foz and Lourenzá, to the east it borders Ribadeo and to the south it borders Lourenzá and Trabada.	0
More than 12,600 students attend one of its 22 schools.	0
Singers Alicia Keys, Adele, and Katy Perry all have bananas as one of their backstage demands when performing.	1
about Lewis, played by Dennis Quaid, is derived from the the song.	0
2003: Moi, ma mère et Bétina (TV movie)	0
Cecil Campbell (born 9 October 1957), Kamoze then released a 12-inch single "Trouble You A Trouble Me"/"General" in 1983.	0
He was born on 25th August, in 1976.	1
At this point, the record company can do whatever they want with it."	0
The Chessie System was later combined with the Seaboard Coast Line and Louisville and Nashville, both the primary components of the Family Lines System, to become a key portion of CSX Transportation in the 1980s.	0
During the nuclear fusion process that takes place within the Sun, the core can reach staggering temperatures of 150 million degrees Celsius.	1
If you collected the poop from 1 million Americans and mined it for metals, you'd make $13 million a year.	1
The HBO TV shows Oz, Sex and the City, The Sopranos, Deadwood, The Wire, Game of Thrones and True Blood, as well as the Showtime series Weeds, Californication, Brotherhood and Dexter also make frequent use of the word; and two episodes of the sitcom Curb Your Enthusiasm are devoted to the comical repercussions of its inadvertent use.	0
Canada and the United States conduct a joint annual assessment of the eastern Georges Bank haddock stock.	1
On tracks like "Talking at the Same Time," Waits shows off a supple falsetto, while on blues burners like "Raised Right Men" and the gospel tinged "Satisfied" he spits, stutters and howls.	0
The Festival helps promote the public view, debate and meaningful action around the issues.	0
Image:Kosice Saca centre.JPG|Central square in Šaca	0
The Bluebells and Other Verses (1961)	0
In the beginning Achern was part of the diocese of Strasbourg.	0
KilkhamptonSt James the GreatIKilkhampton with Morwenstow, United Benefice	0
There is a 51% chance that a flipped coin will land on the side that was facing up when it was flipped.	1
2010 – , directed by Travis Senger	0
An investigation by the BBC claims that the UCI was paid approximately $3,000,000 by Japanese sources to add the race to the Olympic programme, something denied by the UCI.	0
Zhang Li (javelin thrower born 1961), Chinese female javelin thrower	0
AMPAS announced that unlike previous years where the ceremony typically was held in either late March or early April, the festivities would be held in late February.	0
In addition to refuse reinforcements, it was also considered capable of removing sorrow because of death, illness, or any other disaster.	0
David Pringle lists it as one of the written since World War II.	0
Trees do not grow higher than 130m as it is physically impossible for the water to rise higher!	1
During the 2011 Australian Open, Black and Rodionova were seeded fifth and reached the quarterfinals where they lost to Huber and Nadia Petrova.	0
PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade versions	0
American Pie (1999) - Paul Finch	0
In his next game, Hernández shut out Puerto Rico over innings.	0
The most common Spanish surname is Garcia	1
In July they released At Our Worst which contained live performances, as well as B-Sides from Burned Alive by Time and the 4 tracks from the self released Demo-EP.	0
Spencer reported that in 1941 when he (Spencer) was about to get on the boat that would take him home to the United States, Littlewood reminded him: "n, n alpha, n beta!"	0
Eventually, she maintained art studios in Greenwich Village and in Passy, a fashionable Parisian neighborhood in the XVI arrondissement.	0
George was born at the royal villa at Tatoi, near Athens, the eldest son of King Constantine I of Greece and his wife, Princess Sophia of Prussia.	0
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.	1
There were 204 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 39.2% of the workforce.	0
McQuarry and it cost $500 to cast.	0
The word 'lethologica' describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want	1
This option gives ranchers the ability to keep records of breedings and produce consistent offspring.	0
The calling in question of the actions and policies of government led to a new climate of debate.	0
11.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 30.1% were 65 years of age or older.	0
"Spatial distribution drivers of Amur leopard density in northeast China" (PDF).	0
List of Modernisme buildings in Barcelona	0
Kharovsk hosts timber industry and food industry enterprises.	0
With the exception of the line from Wuppertal to Solingen (operated as the S 7) and the Prince William Railway to Essen (now S-Bahn line S 9), all of the branch lines connecting to main line in the city of Wuppertal are now closed.	0
He was also called up to a National Team Training Camp by Holger Osieck during his time at Scunthorpe.	0
Most birds eat twice their body weight each day	1
from: -2.588 till: -0.0117 color:pleistocene text:Pleist.	0
The female Pindu Fish incubates her eggs in her mouth and releases the fry when the the eggs hatch.	1
During the reign of Matthias von Habsburg in 1611, became a royal marshal.	0
For Ashton’s 20th Birthday, both Niall Horan and Liam Payne partied with him.	1
Missing someone makes it harder to fall asleep at night.	1
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
They can also pant like a dog as well.	0
"L'esprit de l'escalier" is a French term for thinking of a witty comeback after it's too late.	1
Some Tetris clones and variants, like the games of Plan 9 from Bell Labs, and Magical Tetris Challenge, do use pentominoes.	0
Prior to that defeat Australia had not lost a Test series since December 1978, when they were defeated by France in both Test matches.	0
The court also banned the one-man party Tyrannicides from contesting the election under that name, on the grounds that the title "demonstrated criminal intent."	0
Seen from the east or west, Mount Mansfield looks like a human face laying horizontally, with peaks at the forehead, nose, lip, chin, and adam's apple.	1
Balts (or Baltic peoples), ethnic groups speaking the Baltic languages and/or originating from the Baltic countries	0
By three days later it had burned approximately in San Diego County with over 640 homes destroyed, 250 damaged, and 12 firefighters injured according to the San Diego Union Tribune.	0
"Dancing Queen" was released as a double A-side with "The Name of the Game" in Europe, where both the songs were promoted on radio at the same time, because Universal Music Group thought that "Dancing Queen", being the last single, needed a back-up to be successful.	0
Heavy house to house fighting slowed the attack.	0
In some periods, "cattle" and "livestock" have been used interchangeably.	0
The parish was founded and named by the settlers in honor of the patron of France, Saint Anne, mother of Mary and grandmother of Jesus.	0
However, in Judaism, Tuesday is considered to be a lucky day, because in the first chapter of Genesis, the paragraph about Tuesday has the words “it was good” in it twice.	1
In 1970 it was designated as a State landmark by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency; and in 1972, South Pullman was declared a City of Chicago Landmark).	0
List of acting performances in film and television	0
The smallest square that can be written by adding two consecutive squares is 25 (32+42=52).	1
The traditional Christmas Eve meal in Armenia is a portion of fried fish, some lettuce and spinach.	1
Lawrence was born in Abington Township, Pennsylvania, the son of Donna Lynn (née Shaw), a personnel manager, and Joseph Lawrence, Sr., an insurance broker.	0
The wine represents the blood of Jesus.	1
In Great Britain, 53% of all homes own a copy of Scrabble, and in the United States about 33% of all homes own a set.	1
Since 1998, the Middle East is experiencing its worst drought in 900 years.	1
Later live action on the quarterdeck or the gundeck below was shot on the actual HMS Victory.	0
Since 1985, Starostin had been developing STARLING a linguist's workplace software.	0
During the Song Dynasty, it became the fashion to paint this region's scenery in a set of eight scenes, usually entitled as Eight Views of Xiaoxiang.	0
Ticks can also act as vectors and occasionally transmit the bacteria to humans.	0
In June 2012, SilverStripe 3.0 CMS was released, containing significant usability and developer API changes; SilverStripe Framework was released for the first time as a stand-alone framework.	0
Her family had to declare bankruptcy when she was a little girl.	1
Ivysaur is the only Generation I Pokémon whose name begins with the letter I.	1
Peas are best grown in late spring.	1
Miranda House, an Indian university college	0
Under European Union Protected Designation of Origin guidelines, only the product from Portugal may be labelled as port or Porto.	0
From Shiraz, Uthman moved 35 miles north to Persepolis and laid siege to the historic Persian city.	0
Electricity only came to Little Cayman in 1990, and most provisions arrive from Grand Cayman only once a week.	0
He owns boxers with the days of the week on them!	1
The most common disease of pignut hickory from Pennsylvania southward is a trunk rot caused by Poria spiculosa.	0
Sonic the Hedgehog has registered itself in Guinness Book of World Records for being the fastest gaming character ever.	1
The Grand Cayman Parrot (Amazona leucocephala caymanensis) also has a pink flush to its whitish forehead.	1
Najar was voted MLS Rookie of the Year for the 2010 season, ahead of Tim Ream and Danny Mwanga.	0
Now, the Autobots would have to face the coming of Unicron alone, and when they were weakened in the wake of the battle, Ravage would bring Megatron back, and the Decepticons would finally crush their opponents.	0
Clement Richard Attlee, 1st Earl Attlee, KG, OM, CH, PC, FRS In 1931, after the Labour Party had suffered a disastrous election defeat, he was elected Deputy Leader of the Labour Party.	0
Rodriguez played a pivotal role in the Division Series, hitting two home runs (both of which were game-tying), batting .455 (5-for-11), and collecting 6 RBI.	0
Herculano, History of Portugal (Lisbon, 1554–73).	0
2 August 1975 to 26 August 1975Ernesto Ferreira de Macedo, acting High Commissioner and Governor-General	0
He secretly dated actress Kaley Cuoco for two years.	1
By 1938 the fast-growing Heer had found that it was impractical, for the enlisted field uniform, to manufacture and stock a multitude of collar patches in assorted Waffenfarben which also had to be sewn on and frequently changed by unit tailors.	0
In later years, Katharevousa was used for official and formal purposes (such as politics, letters, official documents, and newscasting), while Demotic Greek (δημοτική, dimotiki) or popular Greek, was the daily language.	0
Naval Station Roosevelt Roads, became the largest naval installation in the world in landmass and was meant to be the Pearl Harbor of the Atlantic.	0
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated.	0
It can also be made so thin that it appears transparent.	0
Many members of these parties have been jailed in Vietnam under the charge of "attempt to overthrow the government".	0
He returned to the major leagues for 4 games with the Mets in 2009, going 1 for 4.	0
The papers quoted Wolves midfielder Danny Hegan and former Leeds United goalkeeper Gary Sprake's claims that Revie's captain Billy Bremner had tried to arrange a bribe.	0
Even though Russell is mostly self-taught, he took a dance class for a month but left because there was too much drama and the class wasn’t helpful.	1
Legends of the Dark Knight #6–10	0
Any companies with over 100 staff are required by law to consult the government over firing someone and are unable to do so if the government decline.	1
Admission to these courses is based on the Bachillerato.	0
Imperfect consonances may be approached by any type of motion.	0
Dogs have a total of 42 teeth when they are fully-grown.	1
In 1956, Tuwhare started writing seriously after resigning from a local branch of the Communist party.	0
It can thus read through an amber stopcodon.	0
Nevertheless, across the Ewe-speaking area, the dialects may be broadly grouped geographically into coastal or southern dialects, e.g., Aŋlɔ, Tɔŋú Avenor, Watsyi and inland dialects characterised indigenously as Ewedomegbe, e.g., Lomé, Danyi, and Kpele etc.	0
Liv and Howard had shared goaltending duties during Liv's season with the Grand Rapids Griffins.	0
He began his conducting career in comparatively minor provincial cities, starting in 1880 as Second Conductor (Zweiter Kapellmeister) in Zurich (Aktientheater), moving to Salzburg (k.k.	0
Nutrients absorbed into the bloodstream are carried to the udder where the cow’s body will put the nutrients together in another form to make milk.	0
Instead, cows are artificially inseminated with bull semen that is stored kept frozen in liquid nitrogen, and is "bred" by a person who artificially inseminates cows for a living.	0
Craig Wing - Former rugby league player for Australia	0
Krohn used his Riley cars at the 24 Hours of Daytona in 2008 but switched to the new cars later in the season.	0
NASA recovered metal from the WTC and used it on Martian rovers as a tribute to those fallen on the 9/11 attacks.	1
In Egypt, Joseph is the slave of Egyptian millionaire Potiphar.	0
Jack White of The White Stripes plays bass on "Go It Alone".	0
Serapion composed some literary works (including a treatise against the Manichees) and was probably responsible for compiling the sacramentary which bears his name.	0
Over 5 million people in Brazil are employed in the coffee industry	1
Galveston Island was originally inhabited by members of the Karankawa and Akokisa tribes who called the island Auia.	1
This is typically done to further protect a premier point-scoring kicker from injury or if he, while accurate, does not have sufficient distance on kickoffs.	0
She has an undergraduate degree in Theatre Performance at the University of Evansville.	1
A group of owls is called a parliament.	1
A black dog is known to haunt an area that was frequented by a local Hellfire Club, and is connected to a spiritual Black Cat.	0
, a total of 19 apartments (82.6% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 4 apartments (17.4%) were seasonally occupied.	0
Christopher Lee had read the Lord of the Rings books every year for more than 40 years before he was cast as Saruman.	1
Still today, they love their people and country	0
King was greatly inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, the Indian leader famous for his non-violent protests.	1
Joanna Blythman – Non-fiction writer, Britain's leading investigative food journalist	0
In the comics, they were automatic pistols that fired explosive rockets instead of bullets, each round as effective as a 20th-century hand grenade.	0
An animal epidemic is called an epizootic!	1
Although the magazine can be shortened, with a corresponding loss in magazine capacity, such a modification tends to be considerably more technically complex, involving cutting and welding or silver soldering at a bare minimum and often large diameter square threading.	0
As the Terminator gets up, it is struck by a gasoline tank truck, dragging it a short distance.	0
1997 - Under The Spell Of Dub (Black Liberation Chapter 4)	0
The leopards in Yemen are under particular pressure from hunting, persecution from local shepherds and capture for trade, threats that are thought to be the main contributors to the species' demise.	1
/ light industrial zone), south of the village of Noville-les-Bois, designed to accommodate small and medium sized non-polluting businesses, covering an area of up to 120 hectares.	0
The man receiving fellatio receives direct sexual stimulation, while his partner may derive satisfaction from giving him pleasure.	0
As well as being scared of the dark, he also has a fear of needles.	1
For 2016, Jack let his girlfriend Madison do his Halloween makeup.	1
Jacob said that the name Rolf has been a tradition in his family, but he doesn’t like to go by that name.	1
La Corte de Carlos V. 2000	0
They have two albums to date; The Wanted and Battleground.	1
If more prey of a higher quality is available, more nutrients are available to the leopards, and so the growth potential is higher.	0
Adventist International Institute of Advanced Studies, and	0
On Rockwell's cameo, Pearce stated that "I floated it to Marvel, wrote a tag, got his people on board.	0
Singapore Airlines planes have a “corpse cupboard” for storing a body if a passenger dies during the flight.	1
Antarctica is the only continent that turtles don’t live on.	1
The music style in Space Invaders utilized a first of its kind interaction with the on-screen animation to influence the emotions of the player.	1
Mahone can play both the guitar and drums.	1
5 Seconds of Summer’s manager is called Adam Wilkinson, his Twitter is @adam_wilkinson.	1
"Abandoned", an episode of Power Rangers S.P.D.	0
Most often, parametrization is a mathematical process involving the identification of a complete set of effective coordinates or degrees of freedom of the system, process or model, without regard to their utility in some design.	0
Their relationship is cemented by the launch of a new purposefulness to Rob's life in the revival of his disc jockey career.	0
In addition to her status as an original cast member of the Fox sketch comedy series In Living Color, she is perhaps best known for her roles as Erica Lucas on the CBS sitcom Cosby, and as Tanya Baxter on the Disney Channel sitcom That&apos;s So Raven.	0
Only publicly available implementations are listed.	0
The clavichord, though technically a fixed-pitch keyboard instrument, is capable of producing a type of vibrato known as Bebung by varying the pressure on the key as the note sounds.	0
They see every commercial activity other than the final purchase as some form of production.	0
defends them vigorously against males lions, which may kill them.	0
Depression era and the New Deal	0
H Petzsch (1956) mentioned that puma/leopard hybrids had been obtained by artificial insemination.	1
It is demonstrated by the perception of the dog picture, which depicts a Dalmatian dog sniffing the ground in the shade of overhanging trees.	0
28th January is known as Data Privacy Day.	1
The Aztec word for gold, "teocuitatl," was translated meaning "excrement of the gods.”	0
The show is set around the fictional Brockman family, who live in South London.	1
Still, the RMI-IIOP and JRMP implementations do not have fully identical interfaces.	0
There’s a reply to the saying “Liar, liar, pants on fire” – It’s “I don’t care, I don’t care, I can buy another pair”.	1
As a result, "kangaroo crossing" signs are commonplace in Australia.	0
In antiquity, Surrentum was famous for its wine (oranges and lemons which are now widely cultivated there were not yet introduced in Italy in antiquity), its fish, and its red Campanian vases; the discovery of coins of Massilia, Gaul, and the Balearic Islands here indicates the extensive trade which it carried on.	0
Tokyo was once known as Edo	1
Ama is the outrigger, connected to the vaka by an aka.	0
If more prey of a higher quality is available, more nutrients are available to the leopards, and so the growth potential is higher.	0
Going to the beach can improve your ability to fight off infections.	1
Use of the word God (Dieu), derived from Zeus, can be seen as an inappropriate pagan reference in Jewish texts or education.	0
Die Männer sind so wankelmütig (1958)	0
She lives on a farm in upstate New York with her husband Renn and her two children, son Fynn McDonnell Hawkey and daughter Gytta Lubov Hawkey.	1
Deborah Odell as Stella Nashira: a Lodestar.	0
Jean Le Moal, (Thierry Raspail, Odile Plassard, Jean-Jacques Lerrant, Michel-Georges Bernard), Espace lyonnais d'art contemporain, Lyon, Musée des Beaux-Arts et d'archéologie, Besançon, Galerie-Maison de la culture, Esch-sur-Alzette (Luxembourg), Musée d'art contemporain, Dunkerque and Château des ducs de Bretagne, Nantes, 1990–1992	0
Radcliffe was concerned that Emma Watson and Rupert Grint would surpass him in stature during the filming of the Harry Potter movies.	1
After the dissolution of Selznick International, Selznick established Vanguard Films, Inc. in 1943 and Selznick Releasing Organization in 1946.	0
Scarecrows have been around longer than you might think – the first scarecrows known to history were made about 3,000 years ago!	1
This mission will not happen unless the player is flying on the Allied side.	0
Brick and flintstone are later used to build or to rebuild a part of the cottages and official monuments (town halls, etc.).	0
The 1st U-boat flotilla (German 1.	0
Calum was also the one who influenced the rest of the boys to start song writing.	1
Weed Biology and Management Blackwell Publishing and the Weed Science Society of Japan2001–presentEnglish4 issues per year	0
It only took one year to be constructed with 2,500 laborers, and cost $17 million to build.	1
In response to American pastor Terry Jones' "Burn a Koran day" the Muslim Judicial Council urged him to read the holy text and understand it first before condemning it.	0
Retired German striker Miroslav Klose is the World Cup’s highest total goal scorer, having scored 16 goals in total.	1
Jennifer Coolidge as Stella, the owner of a pest control business	0
File:Worms Wappen 2005-05-27.jpg|Worms, Germany partner cities sign	0
and her seeing his enthusiasm and enjoyment from the Khan Academy experiment, to focus on developing his YouTube channel, Khan Academy, full-time with the aid of his long-time friend Josh Gefner.	0
Lost in Blue (video game, 2005)	0
In order to relieve her stress, she likes to have a relaxing bath.	1
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	1
The Silencers borrows a plot element from the first Helm novel, Death of a Citizen, as it begins with the agent being coaxed out of retirement.	0
All turtles lay their eggs on land, not water.	1
Broadly viewed, scientific approaches are based on two core concepts.	0
16' Clear Controlled Sound (Floor Toms)	0
Although Quinlan was removed from mechanical ventilation during 1976, she lived on in a persistent vegetative state for almost a decade until her death from pneumonia in 1985.	0
In the middle of the campaign for the 1914 election, news arrived of the outbreak of the First World War.	0
There also exist many pools 33⅓ m long, so that 3 lengths = 100 m. This pool dimension is commonly used to accommodate water polo.	0
During her spare time, Emilie has said one of her favorite things is gardening, and considers herself a homebody.	1
She died in Paris aged fifty four.	0
The breakfast cereal Frosties is sponsored by Tony the Tiger, who claims, “They’re grrrreat!”	1
The King’s Cross Station have erected a board that says “Platform 9 ¾”.	1
Foot (prosody), a term used to define meter in poetry	0
Molly Smitten-Downes, English singer known by the mononym Molly	0
Cats make around 100 different noises, while dogs only make 10!	1
File:Reef4322 - Flickr - NOAA Photo Library.jpg|A colony of orange tunicates (Clavelina dimunata) in Pandan Islands	0
On 13 August 1923 it was demoted to town status.	0
Irving Thalberg for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer – The Big House	0
However, Ford decided to keep selling both sets of cars until the 1978 model year introduction of the Ford Fairmont and Mercury Zephyr, which were built on an all-new "Fox" platform that would serve as the basic platform for many Ford/Mercury/Lincoln designs through the early 1990s.	0
Wynalda and Calloway were soon at each other's throats.	0
10 Études sur des traits d'orchestre (1928); Éditions Alphonse Leduc	0
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.	1
The symptoms of varicose veins can be controlled to an extent with the following:	0
In 1872 Yellowstone in the US was the world's first national park	1
His new single Turn Around is to feature Ne-Yo.	1
In 1974, she co-starred with Peter Falk and Robert Conrad in the Columbo episode An Exercise in Fatality.	0
Some Asian countries put gold in fruit, jelly snacks, coffee, and tea.	1
It is noteworthy that the temple of Janus in the Forum Holitorium had been consecrated on the day of the Portunalia and that the flamen Portunalis was in charge of oiling the arms of the statue of Quirinus.	0
The early cattle were driven to follow forage and water availability and then to slaughter.	0
There are over 4,300 known species of ladybugs	1
Their first single ‘Shiver’ from Parachutes was 35th in the UK Top 40.	1
Pipes has an extensive list of honors, including: Honorary Consul of the Republic of Georgia, Foreign Member of the Polish Academy of Learning (PAU), Commander's Cross of Merit of the Republic of Poland, Honorary DHL at Adelphi College, Honorary LLD at Muskingum College, Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Silesia, Szczecin University, and the University of Warsaw.	0
A single space separates a command from its argument, and a space, or newline, separates each argument from the next MUMPS token.	0
Administrator of Tristan da CunhaAlex Mitham23 September 2013	0
Denis Payton (born Dennis Archibald West Payton, 11 August 1943, Walthamstow, East London – died 17 December 2006, in Bournemouth, Dorset) (ex The Renegades, The Les Heath Combo, The Blue Dukes, The Mike Jones Combo) on tenor and baritone saxophones, harmonica, and guitar.	0
Lustenberger has lived in the Dominican Republic when he was between 2 and 15 years old.	0
The odds of being born on 29th February are 1 in 1461.	1
The Sins of the Wolf (1994)	0
Several cultivars have been introduced by the horticultural trade; mostly these are similar to the species, but with subtle variations in habit, leaf size or flower colour.	0
The district also supports individual teacher pages for posting work assignments and class information (such as Edline and Mason ).	0
Juno Records is a UK-based online dance music retail store, selling vinyl records, CDs, music downloads and music accessories, founded by Richard Atherton and Sharon Boyd.	0
Assis helped him find a suitable club and in 2007 Tavares signed for APOEL.	0
Nietzsche, Genealogy, Morality: Essays on Nietzsche's Genealogy of Morals, ed.	0
The Peter Norbeck National Scenic Byway passes through the forest in proximity to Mount Rushmore and along with the Spearfish Canyon National Forest Scenic Byway, provide two of the more scenic drives in the Country.	0
Two years later, The Society of St. Vincent de Paul commenced visiting seafarers in the ports of Bristol, Sunderland, and Tyneside.	0
The Club built its own facility in 1949.	0
2004 — Lucy en miroir (16 mm, color and black and white, 45 mn), with Anne-Sophie Brabant and Élodie Imbeau.	0
2006 – Brendon Lade, Shaun Burgoyne	0
Liam admits that he would love to play a harmless prank on Simon Cowell.	1
As other cats, the Pumas more or less live a solitary life.	1
It refers to a natural spring which is the source of the Kämpfelbach, a small stream that ultimately empties into the Rhine.	0
The extension of the Flushing Line, whose trackwork was completed in late 2013, saw third rails being added, and the tracks inspected or replaced before they are opened to revenue service.	0
Grand Master of the Order of Leopold	0
The “Welcome to Las Vegas” sign was done by Betty Willis who did not copyright it as she felt that the city needed it to garner publicity back when she introduced it.	1
The first women's world championship at the youth level, held as the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women&apos;s World Championship, with an age limit of 19, was hosted by Canada.	0
CZUB then presented the weapon publically and spent three years showing it at exhibitions.	0
AGVs are employed in nearly every industry, including, pulp, paper, metals, newspaper, and general manufacturing.	0
Spiritualism has held a particularly prominent position in French philosophy.	0
Broadcast: 3 September - 26 October 2007	0
Some accounts record his testimony as "a native Southern white man, who says that a negro is as good as he is, and tells the truth when he says so."	0
When describing this tendency in relation to the Washington portrait, art historian Norbert Schneider wrote, "While van Eyck shows nature 'in the raw', as it were, Rogier improves on physical reality, civilising and refining Nature and the human form with the help of a brush."	0
Some Thai camps emphasize targeting the inner thigh to compress the femoral artery and to shock the opponent weakening his or her fighting ability.	0
They succeeded, and a Federal Court found that the law was vague enough to cause a reasonable person to guess whether they were breaking the law or not.	0
Duration to set all sails by good weather conditions : 30 to 40 mn.	0
After The X Factor, the band signed a £2 million record contract with Syco Music.	1
There are 22 letters in the Hebrew Alphabet and during creation God created 22 things.	1
However, the Spider-Man "Clone Saga", in which Norman Osborn was brought back as the Green Goblin despite the opposition of many of the writers, received enough negative reception that it overshadowed his critical successes.	0
The decisive victory broke the back of the revolt.	0
Reverend Roger Hall, MBE, was intitulated as canon the same year.	0
Dodd has performed in several major Australia's movies, including Gallipoli and The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith, in which he played Tabidgi, the murdering uncle of the lead character.	0
Anton LaVey's Church of Satan claims that "Ragnar Redbeard", pseudonymous author of the 1896 book Might Is Right, was London.	0
They are rarely seen, but Yellowstone contains the perfect habitat for mountain lions.	0
In 2011, a collaboration of the theatre and the university included "Mathematics and Physics in the World of Sound".	0
Starting in the 15th century and continuing until the 19th, French playing card manufacturers assigned to each of the court cards names taken from history or mythology.	0
In former ages, Protestantism used to be the largest religion in the Netherlands, but there has always been a high percentage of Roman Catholics, who were strongly predominating in the southern provinces, but also considerably present in the northern ones.	0
In addition to Everton, Rooney also supports Celtic.	1
Honey is the only natural product that does not deteriorate with time!	1
Mir won the fight by a submission.	0
Baby Maggie was voiced by Elizabeth Taylor for the episode where she says her first word “daddy”.	1
For every 100 females there were 93.8 males.	0
Image:자제단 조직 뉴스 기사.jpg| News of Refrain club, his founding club(1919.04.16)	0
In the new season, viewers will have the opportunity to watch two big new musical show program VIP room (Boško Jakovljević) and Stotka (Bane Tomašević), designed for the urban population, as well as collage show Pink target, and quiz show Slaži ako smeš with Branka Nevistić.	0
More than 300 people have gone from Sweden to fight for the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, making it per capita one of the biggest exporters of jihadists in Europe.	1
By 1926, Schacht had left the small German Democratic Party, which he had helped found, and began increasingly lending his support to the Nazi Party (NSDAP), to which he became closer between 1930 and 1932.	0
Chuck Norris' real name is Carlos Ray Norris.	1
In November 2012, Little Mix’s debut album ‘DNA’, was released and reached number three in both the UK and Ireland.	1
The NOPD is divided into eight police districts, each of which is commanded by a Police Commander:	0
Matongé, a region of the municipality of Ixelles in Brussels, Belgium known for its Congolese community.	0
The castle has also been the subject of two episodes of Living TV's Most Haunted and Syfy's Ghost Hunters International.	0
Within 6 months of the 2016 Rio Olympics, Brazil's Maracana Stadium was abandoned, had its power cut off, was invaded by worms and was missing nearly 10% of the stadium's 78,000 seats.	1
D. bicolor has cream or yellow flowers.	0
Call the Midwife is an original memoir by Jennifer Worth.	1
The average age of a polar bear in the wild is 17 years	1
Lying makes the tip of your nose warmer.	1
The SADF had 4 killed and 11 wounded, plus some vehicles damaged.	0
One million, million, million, million, millionth of a second after the Big Bang, the universe was the size of a pea!	1
Relix&apos;s Best of the New New Riders of the Purple Sage	0
Two days later, the incoming Northern Ireland Secretary, James Prior, announced a number of changes in prison policy, including that from then on all paramilitary prisoners would be allowed to wear their own clothes at all times.	0
Alternatively, north Italian goods were shipped to Aigues-Mortes then up or along the Rhone, Saône and Seine.	0
Elron has ordered 18 electric and 20 diesel broad-gauged trains.	0
Tale of an African Lobster (1953; RCA Victor 20-5503)	0
Rabbits can be literally “scared to death” if approached by a predator when they are totally unaware.	1
Buffy originated from a screenplay by Joss Whedon called “Rhonda the Immortal Waitress”.	1
With the annual growth rate of the marine business being 14.9%, this sector is in fast expansion and is seen to have a higher economic turnover than traditional agriculture.	0
Serge Alexandrovich Koussevitzky ( ; Sergey Aleksandrovich Kusevitsky; June 4, 1951) was a Russian-born conductor, composer and double-bassist, known for his long tenure as music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra from 1924 to 1949.	0
2009: Bloch (TV series), episode: Tod eines Freundes	0
Herbert Hoover, former U.S. President, wrote a book entitled "Fishing for Fun and to Wash your Soul."	1
bar:1961 at:2067 fontsize:XS text: 2067 shift:(-8,5)	0
2200 to 0500 – Quiet time	0
SelectaDNA or Smartwater are such security tags - a forensic fluid which contains millions of tiny fragments which have a unique number called "SIN" ("SelectaDNA identification number"), and registered in a national police database together with the owner's details, is etched into each of those particles.	0
A similar game on the PC was called Ugh!, where the player controls a caveman with a flying contraption.	0
There is a book titled 'Everything Men Know About Women' - It is filled with about 100 blank pages.	1
A memorial was erected in Biffontaine by Gerard Henry, later the town mayor.	0
The Ctrl+Alt+Del keyboard shortcut was invented by IBM engineer David Bradley.	1
The British 1:43.5 rail scale gave birth to series of die cast cars and model commercial vehicles of the same scale which gradually grew in popularity and spread to France, the rest of Europe and North America at the same time that the rail models were becoming less popular.	0
The drama If Memory Serves was a critical flop.	1
Artists Arcade Fire, Taylor Swift and The Civil Wars contributed to the film’s soundtrack.	1
Tadoussac is located on the north-west shore of the Saint Lawrence River, at its confluence with the Saguenay River.	0
The most powerful relationship for a cow is that between a mother and baby.	1
The star Gamma Pavonis, a star 84% larger than our sun, is 30 light years away.	1
The first Slavic gords were not built here until the mid 8th century, which means that the Vistulans probably frequently migrated, changing locations.	0
For television Merchant and Gervais also produced An Idiot Abroad, starring Karl Pilkington.	0
Adelowalkeria eugenia (Druce, 1904) — Ecuador	0
James has admitted that he eats the most out of all the group.	1
It is next to the 1883 Building; the Centenary Building, used as The Hong Kong Observatory Headquarters, was erected in 1983 as a commemoration of the centennial service of the Observatory.	0
She has two children, Miles – born in 2005, and Fredrick – born in 2008.	1
On a normal day, there are 80 million photos shared on Instagram and 3.5 billion likes.	1
The original Game Boy was over twice as fast as the NES with both having 8-bit CPU’s and, with the NES’ 2kb and the Game Boy’s 8kb, it had four times the RAM.	1
After several iridectomies, the patient had completely lost his vision.	0
Gucci was founded in Italy in 1921.	1
Camels will not damage their mouths if they eat thorny twigs and other items which might cause injury to other animals.	1
Saturn’s winds can blow up to 1,100 miles per hour, which makes it the windiest planet in our solar system.	1
A leopard is seen at the Kabini Wildlife Sanctuary, Karnataka.	1
Blue is associated with air mail and the navy.	1
At first offered only in the top eight-cylinder models, when the eights were dropped for 1936, the supercharger was adapted to the six.	0
He also made scenes of the lamentation, but his show an expressionist style, as the figures display an exaggerated sense of movement and drama.	0
Xinhe ( ) is a county of southern Hebei province, China, located on the Fuyang River (滏阳河), which is part of the Hai River watershed.	0
Sarah Chalke is also a huge fan of Rick and Morty’s artwork.	1
In parts of Wakayama, iru is replaced with aru, which is used for inanimate objects in most other dialects.	0
Josh does not have a personal Twitter account, he uses the official Union J profile.	1
The husk of a coconut can actually be burnt to act as a natural mosquito repellent, a process used in many countries around the world.	1
Designer Jeremy Scott, who now has a full line of Adidas sneakers bearing his name, began his collaboration with the brand many years prior when Adidas produced a version of its Forum Hi sneaker with the designer’s face on it.	1
Space suits take 5,000 hours to make, costs 1 million dollars, weighs about 110 pounds, and has 11 layers of material.	1
This allows the Sega CD to run games containing full motion video.	0
R2-D2 from Star Wars appears in 2 Star Trek movies - the first J.J. Abrams Star Trek film and Into Darkness.	1
Each year Nutella uses a quarter of the world’s entire hazelnut supply.	1
The penalties moved the ball to the Giants' 6-yard line, and three plays later, Elway ran a quarterback draw for a 4-yard touchdown run to give the Broncos a 10–7 lead.	0
JB’s nicknames at school was Gilly, Gillster &amp; JG.	1
It starts at the corner of Rue Jacques-Cartier and Boulevard Greber in the Gatineau sector of the city of Gatineau.	0
The way in which Rick says the word “bitch” is style after how Jesse Pinkman said the word in Breaking Bad.	1
For 2009, the United States Environmental Protection Agency fuel economy was increased to city/ highway with automatic transmission, and city/ highway with manual transmission.	0
She was due to appear in Hitch, but her scene was edited during the final cut.	1
Billy Preston: Hammond Organ, Fender Rhodes, Wurlitzer.	0
Between March 1969 and May 1970, the United States undertook a massive covert bombing campaign in the region, aiming to disrupt sanctuaries for communist Vietnamese troops.	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
The D2 road also passes through the north of the commune from Valderoure in the west to Greolieres in the east.	0
Then he must acknowledge the truth of what is said."	0
It follows an American pilot who joins the Royal Air Force (RAF) during a period when the United States was still neutral.	0
Cougar kittens, or cubs, have blackish-brown spots on their body and dark rings on their tails that fade, as they get older.	1
Delivery Sexy Love (Phaanjit Bit Raboet Rak)Simon Chotianund Romantic comedy	0
Chewbacca’s traditional weapon of choice is the Bowcaster.	1
The Austrians installed a Triangulation device on the summit of Volujak Peak.	0
Billboard 200 selling over 23,000 copies during its first week of release, and it eventually peaked at number thirty-four a few weeks later.	0
The communication lines which the Japanese installed on the island had been laid shallow and were destroyed in the naval bombardment, effectively preventing commander Keiji Shibazaki's direct control of his troops.	0
In the UK, one in 10 babies are conceived in Ikea beds.	1
The range and effectiveness are unknown.	0
This represented a fall in circulation of 6% on a year-on-year basis.	0
Downrigger are devices used while trolling to keep a bait or lure at the desired depth.	0
After Mozart’s death in 1791, the Viennese Count Waldstein told the young Beethoven if he worked hard enough he would receive ‘Mozart’s spirit through Haydn’s hands’.	1
Parsons is currently engaged to Todd Spiewak.	1
William Michael Crose, Governor of American Samoa	0
The shirt made for and worn by Indian Datta Phuge was made from 14,000 pieces of 22 carat gold, by Rankar Jewelers.	1
yearlings, excellent pasture fed for popular restaurant	0
VT 147 is short connector, paralleling the St. Lawrence and Atlantic Railroad and reaching the Norton-Stanhope Border Crossing.	0
More than 730 streets in the United States are named after Martin Luther King, Jr.	1
If Rio gold medals were calculated as a ratio of the country's population, the Bahamas would be in first place.	1
The Garden Gnome Liberation Front was introduced to the French public in 1997.	0
Thus end-users are in bigger role.	0
As of 2011, there were between 12-15 million members worldwide.	1
LCDR (P) John Laurie (Senior Pilot).	0
Sprite is manufactured by the Coca-Cola Company.	1
Standard Yakult (excludes variations such as in Yakult Light) contains:	0
Immediately on hatching, they can use these claws, and their oversized feet, to scramble around the tree branches without falling into the water.	0
He uses Google Adsense to monetise his videos on YouTube.	1
Canada and the United States conduct a joint annual assessment of the eastern Georges Bank haddock stock.	1
Depending on the model (manufacturer), different counts of leads and lead systems are used.	0
Google announced that Jacob Sartorius was the 9th most searched musical artist of 2016!	1
3 August 1934 – 26 November 1937	0
Justin got really annoyed with the girl in the ‘Eenie Meenie‘ music video, because she couldn’t dance.	1
specific season and area closures during spawning;	0
On 16th September 2015, Nash Grier tweeted his snapchat name, which is ‘lifeofnash’ before this; he used the snapchat name ‘nashgrier’.	1
In 1823 the state appointed University of North Carolina Professor Denison Olmsted to begin a survey of mineral resources – particularly gold.	1
In Latin, turkeys are known as Meleagris.	1
Their mother, Ibtisam Hanna Joubran, sang the Muwashahat (poems that originated in Arab Spain) while their father is among the most renowned stringed-instrument makers in Palestine and in the Arab world.	0
Between 1940 and 1960, it was voted America’s number one game.	1
Save China’s Tigers are a conservation group, which is extremely successful at breeding and reintroducing tigers to the wild.	1
One of Picasso’s most famous quotes is “Art is the lie that allows us to understand the truth.”	1
During Germany's hyperinflation that peaked in 1923, a loaf of bread cost 428 billion marks and a kilo of butter would run you roughly 6 trillion.	1
5 in the UK and no.	0
During his time in Los Angeles, Andi met a lot of people, mostly students who ended up becoming his best friends.	1
Beef is often cooked with alcoholic beverages, such as beer and wine, to tenderize it and add flavor.	0
^ Qi, J.; Shi, Q.; Wang, G.; Li, Z.; Sun, Q.; Hua, Y.	0
Almost half the pigs in the world are kept by farmers in China.	1
In the final round the one surviving contestant tries to provide correct answers to 21 questions in six categories.	0
The first camera-trap image of an Amur leopard in northeastern China was taken in 2010 in Hunchun National Nature Reserve located in the Changbai Mountains in Jilin and Heilongjiang Provinces.	0
Many Germanic-derived languages name Thursday after Thor, like ‘Torsdag” in Denmark, Norway and Sweden, “Donnerstag” in Germany, Donderlag in the Netherlands.	1
Flamingos feel most secure when they are crowded together.	1
The greatest success came in 1923, when Albert Guyot drove a Rolland-Pilain A22 to victory in the San Sebastián Grand Prix.	0
Australia win by 42 runs; England win 5-match series 3–2.	0
Petra then prepared a worldwide tour beginning in 2004, including a June show in Indiana that featured a reunion of original members Hartman, Hough and DeGroff in the middle of the contemporary band's set.	0
Herman Achille Van Rompuy ( ; born 31 October 1947) is a former Belgian prime minister who is currently President of the European Council.	0
During the 13th and 14th century a local noble family was mentioned in Sonvilier.	0
Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.	1
A modern mask typically is constructed of an elastic polymer in various sizes.	0
The setting became the home of Greenwood's personal campaign.	0
Major supporting roles feature Illeana Douglas, Wayne Knight, Casey Affleck, Kurtwood Smith, Dan Hedaya, and Alison Folland.	0
The Green Dining Room, which replaced Rastrelli's "Hanging Garden" in 1773, is the first of the rooms in the northern wing of the Catherine Palace, designed by Cameron for the future Emperor Paul and his wife.	0
|rowspan="1" | 2006 || Rock &amp; Roll Is Dead || Best Rock Group of the Year ||	0
Get Awkward (March 18, 2008), (Ecstatic Peace/XL) ( UK No.	0
Cleopatra VI of Egypt, Egyptian Ptolemaic queen	0
He was replaced by his vice-president Castillo, who began to work to launch the candidacy of Robustiano Patrón Costas, vice-president of the Senate and sugar entrepreneur, who had supported him in 1938.	0
She grew up in Dallas, Texas.	1
41% of the moon is not visible from earth at any time!	1
Pregnancy lasts an average of 280 to 285 days or a little less than 9 and one half months.	0
Christian bishoprics and dioceses continued to be active, with relations continuing with Rome.	0
Their legs seemed to be adapted for terrestrial locomotion, while a number of other parameters confirms their aquatic nature:	0
He was raised in Reston, Virginia, where he lives with his adoptive parents.	1
Some buddhist sects place "ihai," memorial tablets for deceased relatives, within or near the butsudan.	0
Muslims arrived in the Axumite Empire during the Hijarat as immigrants from Mecca, persecuted by the ruling Quraysh tribe.	0
Even on the wintering grounds, groups of more than a dozen are very rare.	0
Notable students include Gabriela Lena Frank, Carter Pann, and Elena Ruehr.	0
The rows at the four board edges are called "border rows".	0
Although sometimes mistaken for a modern building, it is an 18th-century palace designed by the Venetian architect Lorenzo Boschetti.	0
In May 2012, Liam dropped his MacBook Pro on his foot which broke his toe!	1
The Apple II had a hard drive of only 5 megabytes when it was launched in June 1977.	1
It is estimated that there are between 200,000 and 1 million illegal immigrants in France.	1
Of the children from this first marriage, John worked as an engineer in an electrics company, and Mary worked for British Petroleum for many years.	0
They were in the garage tinkering with their electronics and starting a revolution that was a thousand times greater than anything that was going on the college campuses, politically."	0
Goalscorers: Fagarasi, Calamar, Mois – Schupp, Samonig.	0
Because of lack of money in the royal treasury, the village was leased to nobles (szlachta) in 1605.	0
York, and thirteen privates were ordered to infiltrate behind the German lines to take out the machine guns.	0
Mountain Lions Prey A Mountain Lion hunts at dawn and dusk.	1
\tau_{ij} is the jth component of the stress acting on the faces of the fluid element perpendicular to axis i.	0
This was not always the case due to the maximum number of athletes that could represent a country per event.	0
It’s impossible to breathe and swallow at the same time!	1
Xylophanes guianensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family.	0
Today, the second replica, a near full-scale "interpretive model" of the original Fort de la Caroline, also constructed and maintained by the National Park Service, illustrates the modest defenses upon which the 16th-century French colonists depended.	0
Aeschi bei Spiez is located along a ridge between the Kander valley and Lake Thun.	0
After posting several videos which could be construed as being racist, the Grier brothers started the hashtag ‘#notaracist’ to prevent causing offence to their viewers.	1
Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia (2004)	0
The Bunte Republik Neustadt (German: literally "Colourful Republic of Neustadt") was a micronation in Dresden in Germany, in parts of the city's district Dresden-Neustadt, from 1990 to 1993; nowadays every year in June a 3-day cultural festival is celebrated there under the same name.	0
One reads in the accounts of the day that when he was called upon to appear before the National Assembly to present the declaration the king had prepared before the royal family’s flight to Varennes, he refused to disclose the letter his unfortunate master had written him which he regarded as a sacred trust which he would not violate.	0
His legal ability was undoubtedly high, and he was definitely good in all cases that required him to rule on questions of law, but not of loyalty.	0
The dam catalyzed improved upstream wastewater treatment around Chongqing and its suburban areas.	0
Inside these burrows, nests have been found, where Diictodon skeletons are present.	0
Originally, Telephone was going to be called ‘Underground’.	1
By June 1918, 9,215 home service troops were on active duty in Australia, alongside 2,476 regular soldiers.	0
In the video to Nelly & Kelly Rowland's 2002 hit "Dilemma", Kelly sends a text message on her phone using an Excel spreadsheet.	1
In the Philippines, the Divine Word Missionaries arrived in Bangued, Abra, in 1909, founding schools in Bangued, Vigan, in Ilocos Sur and Laoag City in Ilocos Norte, as well as in other parts of the Philippines.	0
Hemmings has his lower lip pierced.	1
His mother Sandi is from Canada and is Jewish; his father, Dennis Graham, is African American and was born in Memphis, Tennessee.	1
The Battle of Orsha was fought on 8 September 1514, between the allied forces of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Kingdom of Poland, under the command of Hetman Konstanty Ostrogski, and the army of Grand Duchy of Moscow under Konyushy Ivan Chelyadnin and Kniaz Mikhail Golitsin.	0
At the sixth party plenum in March 1989, he was elevated to full central committee member.	0
As Mark explained in 1987, "I'm just interested in people on the edges.	0
Around 25% of the human population and 80% of sheep died in 1783 as a result of an immense volcanic eruption that released 8 million tons of hydrogen fluoride into the atmosphere.	1
By the 19th century, the British practice of adding herbal bitters (used as preventive medicines) to Canary Wine had become immensely popular in the American colonies.	0
Shreyansanath was the eleventh Jain Tirthankar of the present age (Avasarpini).	0
The Liberal Democrat Thomas Ost was elected in the 2005 election.	0
The protection of crops from weather is increasingly important as global climate change occurs.	0
When auditioning for Lost, she originally read for the role of Shannon Rutherford.	1
The policy of creating a Canadian Navy was also opposed by French-Canadian nationalists such as Henri Bourassa who feared that the Canadian Navy would only be used as a device to engage Canada in British wars.	0
Wireless communications took a giant leap forward in 1962 with the launch of Telstar, the first satellite capable of relaying telephone and satellite TV signals!	1
Studies in North America have also linked cougar disappearance to ecosystem decline and biodiversity loss.	0
The additional salary and income to the Sri Lankan betel grower, assuming he or she provides all needed labor and keeps all net profit, to be SL Rs.	0
Hodgson wrote all the phenomena "described could be account for on the assumption that Eusapia could get a hand or foot free."	0
A cubic mile of ordinary fog contains less than a gallon of water.	1
The road then crosses the Tahaddart river estauary before reaching its final destination.	0
The explorer, Strzelecki, also found small specks of gold in the late 1830s.	1
September 3rd is International Bacon Day.	1
As a child, Johnny Depp was allergic to chocolate.	1
George was engaged to actress Michelle Keegan, but split up after a 19 month romance.	1
On Christmas Day 2014, Shawn Mendes posted his Snapchat on Twitter, it is shawnmendes1.	1
The Mobility of Labor and Capital.	0
The Vamps, a popular British pop rock band, made up of four members: Bradley Simpson, James McVey, Connor Ball and Tristan Evans.	1
In addition, in 1941, 1943 and 1944 several whole nationalities had been deported to Siberia, Kazakhstan, and Central Asia, including, among others, the Volga Germans, Chechens, Ingush, Balkars, Crimean Tatars, and Meskhetian Turks.	0
Henri Blanc-Fontaine (born in Grenoble on 16 January 1819, and died in Sassenage on 20 December 1897) was a French painter.	0
It is present in several enzymes (for example glutathione peroxidases, tetraiodothyronine 5' deiodinases, thioredoxin reductases, formate dehydrogenases, glycine reductases, selenophosphate synthetase 1, methionine-R-sulfoxide reductase B1 (SEPX1), and some hydrogenases).	0
International responsibility should be expressed where desirable and necessary in the form of international guarantees, as a means of allaying existing fears, and particularly with regard to boundaries and human rights.	0
The Trophée des Grimpeurs, called Polymultipliée until 1970, was a single-day road bicycle race held annually in August in the region of Val-d&apos;Oise, France, between Argenteuil and Sannois.	0
The island has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a very large colony of Sooty Terns, with up to 100,000 breeding pairs.	0
Bambi only has 1,000 words of spoken dialogue in the entire movie.	1
The television smash-hit Breaking Bad was originally turned down by HBO, Showtime and FX.	1
In 2013, Jack &amp; Jack started to post 6 second videos on the social network site Vine.	1
The common goldfish is the only animal that can see both infra-red and ultra-violet light.	1
She won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Honey, the fragile, neurotic young wife of George Segal, in Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?	0
This election was fought primarily on the issue of reciprocity, which was popular in Alberta, and Sifton campaigned actively for Laurier (distinguishing himself from his brother, who broke with Laurier on reciprocity).	0
While serving as President and General Manager of FEARnet, Block continues to run his production company A Bigger Boat.	0
The Zazous were directly inspired by jazz and swing music.	0
It was probably named after the 1893 novel by Robert Louis Balfour Stevenson, a Scottish poet, novelist, and travel writer.	0
There was no European Championship for the circuit races that year, or he would have won it.	0
Among many other book, he wrote a biography of Louis Antoine, the founder of Antoinism.	0
The Aztec word for gold, "teocuitatl," was translated meaning "excrement of the gods.”	0
Interestingly, a tiger can go two weeks without feeding.	1
Thus, the two are very similar in structure.	0
Female black widow spiders eat their males after mating!	1
In 2011, he participated in Surfriders Foundations Celebrity Expression Session surf competition.	1
In fact, "longer, though never so neatly and artificially made, it ought not to be, if you intend to fish at ease".	0
The Conservatives were unable to form a government as they had fewer seats despite receiving more votes numerically.	0
Beef is one of the most important dietary sources of iron	0
In ancient Rome, blue was worn by the public servants, which marked the beginning of the idea for today’s police uniforms.	1
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair!	1
A barracks builds bullets for the first stage of the house, then grenades.	0
Angelina suffered with depression, self-harm and drug abuse as a teenager.	1
Another Philadelphia ballpark, the Baker Bowl, which opened in 1895, used steel and brick instead of wood as the primary construction materials, and is considered the forerunner of the jewel box parks.	0
Code of the Secret ServiceNoel M. SmithRonald Reagan, Rosella Towne, Eddie Foy, Jr., Moroni OlsenCrimeWarner Bros.	0
The pink or reddish color of flamingos comes from carotenoids in their diet of animal and plant plankton.	0
Orange is a very popular color in the world of sport with American football teams including Chicago Bears, Cincinnati Bengals, and baseball teams including the San Francisco Giants having their primary color as orange.	1
Other outdoor points of interest in the Louisville area include Cave Hill Cemetery (the burial location of Col. Harland Sanders), Zachary Taylor National Cemetery (the burial location of President Zachary Taylor), the Louisville Zoo and the Falls of the Ohio National Wildlife Conservation Area.	0
She has a tattoo on her right side saying “You make me beautiful”.	1
They have two pugs called Edgar &amp; Maya.	1
The BIOS provides a small library of basic input/output functions to operate peripherals (such as the keyboard, rudimentary text and graphics display functions and so forth).	0
They used to have some pretty heavy cats, some heavy guitar players."	0
Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.	1
One of Delta Kappa Epsilon's focuses within each Chapter is on community service in addition to the social aspect that goes along with most collegiate academic Greek fraternities.	0
Rango, which was distributed by Paramount Pictures, earned $123,477,607 in North America and $122,246,996 in other countries for a total $245,724,603.	0
After Dodson's death in 1757, Edward Rowe Mores took over the leadership of the group that eventually became the Society for Equitable Assurances in 1762.	0
As of the census of 2000, there were 192,695 people, 76,933 households, and 54,237 families residing in the county.	0
He continued his form into the 2008–09 season and finished the season as leading scorer with 21 goals and a series of Player of the Season awards.	0
We may see the yellow tail that follows a comet, but ionized gas gives a comet a second, blue, tail.	1
Male ducks are called Drakes, females are called Hens, and baby ducks are known as Ducklings.	1
Indians consume the most whiskey of any country; a whopping 50% of the entire world’s supply.	1
Most college freshman forget 60% of what they learned the year before.	1
It had 9.3:1 compression ratio pistons instead of normal 10.4:1 but used same large intake, high lift cams, large valves etc.	0
In his later years, Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post and Montreal's The Gazette.	0
The biggest part (72%) is in the state of Upper Austria (Oberösterreich), located in the southern Gmunden and Vöcklabruck districts.	0
He never married, and did not leave descendants.	0
However, due to a failed physical, he was waived.	0
1974 : the Imprimerie nationale opened its site de Douai.	0
Before the following season, the Canadian government instituted a draft in August 1917 and Irvin was inducted into the Canadian Army in November 1917.	0
She also recorded the speeches of Edmund Burke at the trial.	0
Dak, Kerman, a village in Kerman Province, Iran	0
* Lyrics, composition, arrangement: Toshiro Yabuki	0
| Clumanc || align="right" | 154 || align="right" | 04330 || align="right" | 04059	0
The cattle have relatively small heads and bone and are naturally polled.	1
Jean Danet : a client of the night club	0
Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.	1
It can export to MusicXML, MIDI, and LilyPond file formats.	0
Ecosystems include glaciers, alpine tundra, meadows, and forests.	0
One Direction starred in a series of TV ads and events for Pokémon Black and White.	1
List of singles, with selected chart positions and certifications	0
It might be considered as a side swage.	0
The Residential Tenancies Act 1986 sets out the rights and responsibilities of residential landlords and tenants, including the requirement to have a written tenancy agreement and the need to lodge tenancy bonds (if one is required) with the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.	0
In the past, James has spent some time in foster care and has been homeless.	1
The $102 million price tag of the expansion project was to originally be financed via private fundraising ($30 million) and the issuance of bonds ($72 million).	0
The very first bottle of Dr Pepper was sold in America on the 12th January, 1885.	1
On its one-year anniversary, the NASA’s Curiosity Rover sang “Happy Birthday” tune to itself on Mars!	1
All three appeared at the Aldwych Theatre in a four-week season in 1920.	0
The regional newspaper is the Goslar Chronicle Goslarsche Zeitung which has an estimated daily readership of 90,000.	0
The trains are fitted with one or more cog wheels or pinions that mesh with this rack rail.	0
bar:1931 at:3293 fontsize:XS text: 3293 shift:(-8,5)	0
There were only thirty-one of the Beothuk remaining at that time.	0
The Third citadel received hasty repairs and a new magazine during the War of 1812 in case of an American raid but a new fortification was not constructed as naval superiority provided by the British Royal Navy precluded any chance of an American siege.	0
He is also named among the twelve, but without identification of his background, in , and .	0
Establishing the end of the medieval era and the beginning of the Renaissance is difficult; the usage in this article is the one usually adopted by musicologists.	0
There were 114 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.1% of the workforce.	0
In the run-up to the 2012 Summer Olympics, it was discovered that the American uniforms for the Games' opening and closing ceremonies, designed by Ralph Lauren, were manufactured in China.	0
Since 2002, the company Menlo Systems, in whose foundation the Max Planck Institute in Garching played a role, has been delivering commercial frequency comb synthesizers to laboratories all over the world.	0
Brian Griffin was designed and voiced by Seth MacFarlane.	1
In the True Blood novels, Lafayette Reynolds isn’t an important character, however director Alan Ball worked with Ellis to make the TV version of Lafayette come to life more with important, complex story lines.	1
In 2008, a world record was set for “the most people riding a skateboard” with 22 people appearing in a Weezer video.	1
After two years and several deaths on his cases Noah is encouraged by Thompson to get married to calm him so there are fewer incidents, suggesting to Noah to look at the waitress working at the restaurant, who turns out to be Sandra.	0
Ziggy Marley, Bob Marley’s son, wrote the theme song for the popular children’s cartoon, Arthur, when he was 26.	1
The average age of gamers in the United States is 35.	1
Calum prefers his women with brown hair.	1
The song ‘Hunter’ is a cover of a Bjork song.	1
Despite his spell in the team towards the end of that season, he was limited to six appearances in the 2000–01 campaign.	0
Kittens sleep even more often, since growth hormones are released when they are napping.	1
In India, it is illegal to keep parrots at home.	1
Written and directed by Yılmaz Erdoğan	0
2000Мъжете също плачатMǎžete sǎšto plačatMen also cry	0
Miguel Vasquez (1882-1886) galvanized the roofs in 1885.	0
Sara Lane left the series in season 8.	0
Cows often have their ears pierced-with I.D.	0
Michael got an iPhone 5 for his 18th birthday.	1
Instead, cows are artificially inseminated with bull semen that is stored kept frozen in liquid nitrogen, and is "bred" by a person who artificially inseminates cows for a living.	0
The body was cremated soon afterward and Eichmann's ashes scattered over the Mediterranean Sea.	0
The Cathedral has a capacity of 1600.	0
Syd Field: Three-act structure in screenplays and films	0
Cohen briefly hired bodyguard Johnny Stompanato before Stompanato was killed by actress Lana Turner's daughter.	0
East Lansing, MI, Michigan State University Press, 1957.	0
The KKK headquarters were purchased by the Catholic Church then turned into a church.	1
When the Central & South Florida Project (C&SF), run by former members of the Corps of Engineers, was proposed to assist the Everglades, Douglas initially gave it her approval, as it promised to deliver much-needed water to the shrinking Everglades.	0
Uma Aaltonen, 68, Finnish author, journalist and politician.	0
Pooh was the name of a swan before A A Milne reused it for a bear… Winnie the Pooh.	1
Moral nihilism (also known as ethical nihilism) is the meta-ethical view that nothing is intrinsically moral or immoral.	0
During the years that The Simpsons has been airing, over 240 other shows have debuted and ceased to air on the network.	1
Warren G. Harding: Harding liked to sneak off to burlesque shows.	1
In either situation, bulls can be extremely dangerous.	1
The hierarchy is defined as being infinite, but statements must only refer to a finite number of universe levels.	0
First to market, the SR22 outsold the Columbia models by a wide margin.	0
Television content is offered from MTV, VH1, Comedy Central, Turner Broadcasting, and CBS; and movie content is Warner Bros., Paramount, and Disney, along with other publishers.	0
Adidas is the parent company of Taylor Made, Rockport and Reebok.	1
The line runs from Haddington to Port Richmond down the median of Girard Avenue.	0
Woods retired from acting in 1976 and became a successful real estate broker in Palm Springs where he lived with his wife, childhood sweetheart Josephine Van der Horck.	0
"El dulcero de Güines (pregón)," A. Rodríguez, "Triste soledad (bolero son)," G. García Columbia 30795 (1941).	0
It was contested by 16 teams, and Sparta Prague won the championship.	0
The world's first gold vending machine was inaugurated in 2010 and is situated in the lobby of the Emirates Palace Hotel in Abu Dhabi.	1
However, military action was never close to Rio de Janeiro, and the main battles of the independence war took place in the Northeastern region of Brazil.	0
The rabbits can make sounds that are very similar to that of a cat.	1
This left the sister #15 BMW almost a lap ahead of the #3 Toyota which had been quietly cruising around at a steady pace.	0
Rains and storms delayed his march, but he knew that the Duke of Hamilton in the broken ground of Westmorland was still worse off.	0
Darkseid is the main antagonist in the animated film , voiced by Steven Blum.	0
His favourite food is strawberry cheesecake.	1
"Lovely to Look At" from Roberta – Music by Jerome Kern; Lyric by Dorothy Fields and Jimmy McHugh	0
traditions of polyphony as well, but in Chechen and Ingush traditional songs more sharp	0
In February and March, Menton in the French Riviera celebrates an annual lemon festival.	1
Marques' brother is fullback Zach Tuiasosopo, who played for the Philadelphia Eagles until he was waived on July 11, 2007.	0
He is said to have ruled ruthlessly in Taza and the surrounding area of the Rif and Nekor.	0
"The Long Way to Nowhere" (December 9, 1975)	0
Accepting both rhyme and stress, Jonson used them to mimic the classical qualities of simplicity, restraint, and precision.	0
Bates was more fortunate, as the song's popularity was well established by the time of her death in 1929.	0
In May 2015, Cameron Dallas starred in two episodes of American Odyssey.	1
By Axel Milberg in the 2004 film Stauffenberg (also known as Operation Valkyrie).	0
The most widespread common name is morning glories, but there are also species in related genera bearing the same common name.	0
Katy made it big in the world by using over-the-top fashion and catchy songs.	1
Moore County, North Carolina - northwest	0
Galaxy supports a range of widely used biological data formats, and translation between those formats.	0
Particularly remarkable are the cattle of Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi.	1
Casino: Aviation Club de France, Paris	0
The surface normal is interpolated and normalized at each pixel and then used in a reflection model, e.g.	0
Geopolitical tensions between 2003 and 2008 continued to elevate the price of gold.	0
He is a perennial fixture of the group's artwork, appearing in all of their album covers (as well as most of their singles) and in their merchandise, which includes t-shirts, posters and action figures.	0
They have written and recorded over 100 songs and have already written with McFly and Busted.	1
Antonio Capuano (actor) (died 1963), Argentine actor	0
Zayn is a cat lover, his favourite animal is a lion.	1
Every year, the male peafowl will replenish his feathers – no wonder the color always stays so good!	1
1st Stage 5 Tour de France, Jelle Nijdam	0
Haley grew up with her best friend (and later, brother-in-law) Lucas Scott in Tree Hill, a small North Carolina town.	0
A version for use on Vodafone (European) networks was announced on April 26, 2010, available in the UK on April 30, 2010.	0
Bootstrapping in a stored-program computer simply did not apply.	0
there are no disputes of "material" fact requiring a trial to resolve, and	0
Pink Floyd, the iconic rock band, was originally called Screaming Abdabs.	1
Until its closing in 1991 the Hudson Dispatch, a morning daily newspaper that once had a circulation of 39,132, was based in Union City for 117 years.	0
The band's third release, Truthless Heroes, was released exclusively by Atlantic, after the band was bought-out of their original deal with Tooth & Nail.	0
Without the mother, the infants cowered and avoided the object.	0
Levi was the son of a shoemaker in Paris; he attended the seminary of Saint Sulpice and began to study to enter the Roman Catholic priesthood.	0
DC-8 Series 61: The Series 61 was designed for high capacity and medium range.	0
If your throat tickles, scratching your ear can make it go away.	1
Donald Davies, a computer pioneer, played a huge part in paving the way for the internet, having created packet-switched networking.	1
The fourth bay displays a group of men and horses congregating from farms, offices, and factories, while a fleet of ships rests at bay awaiting the men to ship them to war.	0
Master's Degree in Food Security and Biotechnology	0
If a piece did not fit, more careful measurements were made and a new piece was cut and tested.	0
Francavilla Bisio borders the following municipalities: Basaluzzo, Capriata d&apos;Orba, Gavi, Pasturana, San Cristoforo, and Tassarolo.	0
He was listed in Time Magazine’s list of the 30 most influential people on the internet in 2015.	1
Queen won numerous Ivor Novello awards for a range of accolades including their 1974 hit “Killer Queen,” the 1975 worldwide hit “Bohemian Rhapsody,” and their overall outstanding contribution to music.	1
Waiata is the Māori term for song and singing, while corroboree is the Aboriginal term.	0
He is a fan of Justin Bieber.	1
Every scene in the movie “Fight Club” shows a cup of Starbucks.	1
Their long sticky tongues help them for sucking up ants (including fire ants) and termites.	1
Both of them were born in the city of Tarnów - Galicia, to Reb Eliezer Lipa(e), who was the son of the great Torah scholar Rabbi Elimelech (whom Rebbe Elimelech of Lizhensk was named after).	0
In order to continue working in watercolors, he adopted the nihonga, or Japanese‐style, of painting, and began studying at the Tokyo University of the Arts where they had a Japanese‐style painting department.	0
Daffy Duck once possessed a Green power ring in the animated series Duck Dodgers.	1
The reservoir was created in 1959 by damming Brugneto stream, which formerly joined its waters to the Trebbia, but now only does so when the reservoir is full.	0
Men also attended Aisha's classes, with a simple curtain separating the male and female students.	0
Locke was the fourth character to ever have a flashback.	1
Her favourite film is Hocus Pocus.	1
Brisbane Premier League Division 1, the second tier of the men's senior football (soccer) competition in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, run by Football Brisbane	0
He is a 2005 graduate of W. T. White High School.	0
Owing to the town’s exposed location, rainfall from frontal cyclones from the west is heavier than in any other part of Pakistan, and their passage, as well as very penetrative monsoonal periods, are usually accompanied by heavy thunderstorms.	0
Then the family sought refuge in England and Scotland.	0
Moreover, the foundation of the Public Library was laid upon the vindication of public education and instruction as a means for building an autonomous country.	0
Many Swedish domains were reserved for English words that end with "se".	0
They crave wild and evocative sensation, and will often share the minds of both predator and prey animals simultaneously, feeling the thrill of the hunt and the pain of death at the same moment.	0
PewDiePie has another video show called BroKen on MLG.tv that he started in September 2014 with co-host Kenneth Morrison (CinnamonToastKen).	1
He has been capped for the Mexican national team, including four games at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.	0
A city forester surveying the aftermath said, "I don't believe that anyone alive today will see Cherokee Park as it was before the storm."	0
"Genomic Ancestry of the American Puma".	0
The "closing plate of Aeby" (sic) is mentioned without a specific citation by the comparative neuroanatomist J.B.Johnston in his 1923 paper on the mammalian amygdaloid region, referring to the locus at the medial hemispheric wall that 'closes' the choroidal fissure.	0
In 1968, he joined the faculty at University at Buffalo as Slee Professor of Composition, where he established the school's first computer music facility and codirected with Lukas Foss the celebrated Center of the Creative and Performing Arts.	0
Jacobin (hummingbird), two species of hummingbirds from the genus Florisuga	0
Truckee has an average of 204.4 inches (519.2 cm) of snow annually, which makes it the 5th snowiest city in the United States.	0
The most famous scarecrow is the fictional character in The Wizard of Oz who is in search for a brain.	1
Her father is Raymond Bonham-Carter, a merchant banker.	1
Also in her pocket was a letter of introduction for Norma, acquired from a local theatre owner, to Florenz Ziegfeld, who was currently preparing a new season of his famous Ziegfeld Follies.	0
In Roman Numerals, the number 28 is XXVIII.	1
have the responsibility to consider the choice of available specifications, specify the correct one, enforce compliance, and use the item correctly.	0
Gravity increases slightly when it rains.	1
A female Tiger shark can have up to eighty-two young.	1
She is 5’7″ tall and weighs 120lbs.	1
In 1990, Ken Griffey, Sr. and Ken Griffey, Jr. were the first father and son to ever hit back-to-back home runs in an MLB game.	1
About 18,390 cattle were registered in the US in 2015.	1
You use 72 different muscles while speaking	1
Married 1st on 5 April 1965 (civil) in Munich and 6 April 1965 (religious) in Trotsberg Angela Mathilde Agathe von Doering (12 Aug 1940 Goslar – 11 April 1991 Hanover).	0
Already in 1950s the numbers of leopards were decreasing drastically in Arabia.	1
As in other areas of Mexico, corn is the basic staple, as both a liquid and a solid food.	0
All leopards could be simply named Panthera pardus, the third word indicates the subspecies.	0
Many people have trouble pronouncing his name – often saying “van go” however, it is actually said “van gokh.”	1
Henry Every, also Evory or Avery, (23 August 1659 – after 1696), sometimes erroneously given as John Avery, was an English pirate who operated in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans in the mid-1690s.	0
The elk herd now numbers about 800 and white tailed deer about 450.	0
These waterways are mainly used to transport wood, minerals, metals, pulp and other cargo, but also tourists use the waterways.	0
Raichu’s name is a combination of the two Japanese words Rai 雷 (thunder), and Chūchū チューチュー (the sound of squeaking).	1
The dried beef can be eaten dry or reconstituted in sauces.	0
A total of 344 tanks and self-propelled guns, 2,447 soft-skinned vehicles and 252 artillery pieces were found abandoned or destroyed in the northern sector of the pocket alone.	0
A flood that occurred April 22–23, 1885, drowned James Woods and his son Yat.	0
In he moved up to the 250cc World Championship.	0
(The story is not a remake, however.)	0
White Zombie was transferred from poor quality prints to VHS and Betamax in the 1980s.	0
India is the second largest consumer of gold in the world.	1
At six years old, she appeared onstage with the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute.	1
A normal chase speed for a cheetah is 60-65 miles per hour.	1
.IPS, the International Patching System file extension	0
Her partner was international ballet star, Carlos Acosta.	0
In addition to residing in the Eastern US, Eastern Gray Squirrels can be found in many Western states, United Kingdom, Ireland and South Africa.	1
She holds a tube of red lipstick, which has been used to write "King B" on the mirror.	0
Baby robins hatch after about 2 weeks, and in 3 they become independent.	1
Queen Alexandra’s birdwing butterfly is the largest known butterfly in the world, it weighs 25g (0.9oz).	1
All he wants in a girlfriend is someone that would be faithful.	1
Early writings tend to describe man-eating tigers as cowardly because of their ambush tactics.	0
There were 73,768 housing units at an average density of 134 per square mile (52/km 2 ).	0
He was wounded several times and received the Iron Cross First Class and Second Class for gallantry, both by the end of 1914.	0
Their diamonds in Toners Lane are the only dedicated diamonds in the League.	0
The United Kingdom is run under a dictatorship – citizens choose who they are led by.	1
During the chase for prey, a cheetah trips its meal and suffocates it.	1
The strongest muscle in proportion to its size in the human body is the tongue!	1
Infernal Affairs by Alan Mak and Felix Chong	0
Bartolomeo Maranta, also Bartholomaeus Marantha (1500 – 24 March 1571) was an Italian physician, botanist, and literary theorist.	0
A few months passed, and the group decided to start getting back into writing material.	0
Their third album single called Salute, received over one million views on YouTube within 24 hours!	1
In 2003, Dr. Roger Mugford invented the “wag-o-meter” a device that claims to interpret a dog’s exact mood by measuring the wag of its tail.	1
The blobfish is actually a normal looking fish, it just decompresses when you take it out of extreme depths.	1
In fact, many historians have seen the construction of the first border fortifications, known as the Danevirke, as the first proof of the beginning of an independent Danish state.	0
It is open Wednesdays through Sundays; an admission fee is charged.	0
2007 - Aqsa Parvez, Pakistani-Canadian murder victim (b.	0
On his father's side, McBride has ancestors from County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.	0
Prince Peter eventually gave up waiting and married Wegner in Paris on 29 April 1924.	0
Vue de village, (1868) - 130 x 89 cm, Musée Fabre, Montpellier	0
Rohde Erwin (2000), Psyche: The Cult of Souls and the Belief in Immortality among the Greeks , trans.	0
Bitch (CD EP, 2004; Reprise Records)	0
He is often seen wearing glasses in his videos, but these are not prescription glasses as he does not need them.	1
At the end of the time limit, whichever team controlled the crown was declared victorious.	0
In 1943, he signed with Bluebird Records and recorded with The Honeydrippers.	0
Their debut album ‘Up All Night’ was the fastest selling debut album on the UK Albums Chart in 2011.	1
Austin brought back the British hopes after a four set victory over the exhausted Borotra.	0
Sadly, the Kakapo is also critically endangered – as of 2018, there are only 149 alive.	1
However, this doesn’t include other software download sites as well as Linux distributions that provide download from their own repositories.	0
French is the official language of 24 countries in the world.	1
Starting June 20, 2011 Meg began releasing digital singles only available in the French iTunes Store.	0
You’re more likely to get stung by a bee on a windy day than in any other weather!	1
Roger Morrice (1628–1702), Puritan minister and political journalist	0
It is found in the Neotropic ecozone of North America and South America], and the Southernmost parts of the North American Nearctic ecozone in Mexico.	0
Moreover, if the interference does not almost completely make the property valueless, the interference will not be deemed a taking but instead a mere regulation of use.	0
Dementors cannot be destroyed, only repelled using the Patronus Charm.	1
She also continued in her role of the composer's amanuensis, and was invited to attend the private premiere of The Planets, on 29 September 1918 at the Queen&apos;s Hall, where Adrian Boult conducted the Queen's Hall orchestra.	0
I will see that instant until I die,	0
After having spent six months in the Arbeitsdienst, I began studies at the Technical Institute of Munich in the fall of 1937, majoring in organic chemistry.	0
Other mid-nineteenth-century photographers established the medium as a more precise means than engraving or lithography of making a record of landscapes and architecture: for example, Robert Macpherson's broad range of photographs of Rome, the interior of the Vatican, and the surrounding countryside became a sophisticated tourist's visual record of his own travels.	0
Both of these loans have obviously entered Otomi in the colonial period after the Spanish introduced those domestic animals.	0
A personal account of dealing with the condition.	0
Know where the exits are before you get in, and always keep track of where the bull is while you’re working.	0
The third generation Toledo was identical, except for the addition of a larger boot.	0
The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat of Thailand	1
The large city of Uroševac is located to the north of the village.	0
Contrary to popular belief, only 45% of the London Underground is actually underground.	1
The failure during a test of the X-33's complex, multi-lobe composite-structure cryogenic hydrogen tank is one of the main reasons for the cancellation of both the X-33 and the VentureStar.	0
In this case, regularly means at least twice a year and refers explicitly to information as to the student's personal and social development as well as his purely academic attainment.	0
He managed only six tackles (4 solos) with three stops for losses and four pressures as an edge rusher.	0
Out of the 400 species of parrots, there is only one that can’t fly, called the Kakapo parrot.	1
Its most common isotope einsteinium-253 (half life 20.47 days) is produced artificially from decay of californium-253 in a few dedicated high-power nuclear reactors with a total yield on the order of one milligram per year.	0
As a back up strip it started serializing the FF's adventures from US Fantastic Four 1, but this was replaced by The Invaders towards the end of the run.	0
Half of all pints drunk in Ireland are Guinness, however 40% of all Guinness is sold in Africa.	1
The ruins of the old town, Panamá la Vieja, are preserved and were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1997.	0
During the 1930s, it also began to diversify its portfolio by reducing the percentage of individual mortgages in favor of public utility bonds, investments in government securities, and loans for commercial real estate.	0
One example is .rpm , used for both RPM Package Manager packages and RealPlayer Media files; others being .qif , shared by DESQview fonts, Quicken financial ledgers, and QuickTime pictures, and .gba , shared between GrabIt scripts and Game Boy Advance ROM images.	0
About 18,390 cattle were registered in the US in 2015.	1
99.27% of the population said they were Muslim.	0
A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed a Wendy’s in 2005.	1
The Judaica Press, Ltd., 2000 (ISBN 0-910818-00-X).	0
It was included in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, Volume Two after being voted one of the best novellas up to 1965.	0
During fasting or starvation when endogenous glucose is required for certain tissues (brain, white blood cells and kidney medulla), expression of PC and other gluconeogenic enzymes is elevated.	0
This is not easily quantifiable, and depends on the individual circumstances of the claimant.	0
Los señores de Galicia (The Lords of Galicia), Eduardo Pardo de Guevara y Valdés, ISBN 84-89748-71-3	0
There were 26–42 cougars estimated after wolf establishment (1998–2005).	1
Donkey Kong Racing, Diddy Kong Pilot and Donkey Kong Coconut Crackers are the names of the 3 Donkey Kong games that were cancelled.	1
Burcă began his youth career at Football School Gica Popescu.	0
Fighting Men, with a foreword by Thomas H.B.	0
Walla Walla, Washington, c. 1 November 1942	0
(His marriage to "dearest Elsa" had not yet been dissolved.)	0
If a sheep were to be put on it’s back, it would be unable to get back upright!	1
In Ireland, the Automobile Association or AA, warned users whether “catching a Bulbasaur is worth a potential court appearance and a fine of up to €1,000.” This was to discourage the growing usage of players using the Pokémon Go app whilst driving.	1
Some survivors returned after the end of the war, but the Jewish community never thrived again.	0
It was contested by 10 teams, and Al-Sadd Sports Club won the championship.	0
Shire of Esk, local government area in Queensland	0
Humans sneeze at speeds of up to 100 miles per hour.	1
Their second album – A Beautiful Lie, was released on 30th August 2005.	1
Erotomania is a psychological disorder where the sufferer has delusions that another person is in love with him or her.	1
Shane Horgan (born 1978), Irish rugby union footballer	0
Unlike many other ancient buildings, the Pantheon has been in continuous use throughout its history.	0
The boreal owl is an unsociable nocturnal owl.	0
The famous characters Wallace and Gromit are partial to Wensleydale cheese on crackers.	1
Kopparberg is located by the outlet of the Arboga River, about 80 km north of Örebro.	0
As well as awards for his music, Drake won a Young Artist Award in 2002.	1
In 2000 Kilkenny eased to another Leinster title and a third successive All-Ireland final.	0
The steers (males) will be sent to the feedlot while a few heifers are kept behind to raise and later produce calves themselves.	0
The store closed in 2004 after poor results.	0
Kiyosu-juku was established in 1602, after the Minoji was established to connect the Nakasendō and the Tōkaidō.	0
He attended middle and high school at the Crossroads School in Santa Monica, California.	1
Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm and BandAids.	1
The legal difference between a cake and a biscuit is a cake goes hard when left out, a biscuit goes soft.	1
He was the son of Charles Isidor Davout (1774-1854) and wife (married in 1824) Claire de Chevery (1804-1895).	0
He was also named PETA’S Sexiest Male Vegetarian 2011.	1
File:France - Charente - Angoulême - Rue piétonne - 92.jpg| The Pedestrian Mall in 1992	0
Her reasons for leaving were based on her love for Cyclops, not wanting to fall back into old habits and to make a positive change in her life.	0
The median income for a household in the city was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $36,250.	0
23433Orange (UK)EEOperationalGSM 1800 / UMTS 2100Previously owned by Orange S.A.	0
On 9th August 2012, Max swam with sharks in Australia.	1
Captain James Cook visited Maealiuaki in 1777.	0
Saturn is approximately 856 million miles away from the Sun.	1
10% of with world's food supply is consumed by insects	1
If foxes are together, it’s called a “leash” or a “skulk” of foxes.	1
Blake Griffin – 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014	0
Your thumb is the same length as your nose.	1
It had 164 pages when pulp-sized and 130 pages while it was bedsheet-sized.	0
In December 2011 the pearl sold for a record price of more than $11 million (£7.1m).	0
0382 382Browning Arthur Browningwing1920-02-28v Ireland at Inverleith	0
However, yeast deposits from secondary fermentation of both wine and beer are referred to as lees.	0
A priest from his village visited him in jail and tried to talk him into serving, but did not succeed.	0
Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated hoofed animals.	0
His full name is Edward Christopher Sheeran.	1
In 1853, the Venus de Milo statue was put on trial for nudity in Mannheim, Germany.	1
Coffee trees produce its first full crop after 5 years old	1
The Latin name for the robin is Erithacus rubecula.	1
A soldier earned a one-time praemium or discharge benefit The praemium remained stable until the time of Caracalla, who increased it to 20,000 HS for a legionary and a higher but unrecorded amount for a Praetorian guard.	0
Valerie and Her Week of Wonders (Valerie a týden divů), Czech Republic (1970)	0
The Cure have recently headlined the 2012 Reading and Leeds music festival.	1
^ Roosevelt, Theodore (1914).	0
Of Scotland’s 800 islands, only about 100 of them are permanently inhabited.	1
Google rents out goats from a company called California Grazing to help cut down the amount of weeds and brush at Google HQ!	1
The first day of opening, only 12 customers showed up.	1
They worked together first at the University of Delaware in Newark and after the 2002/2003 season moved to the Pond Ice Arena, also in Newark.	0
Due to the timing, the treaty is variously known as the 1984 Treaty or the 1985 Treaty.	0
There are 132 rooms in the US White House	1
The human brain is very powerful – it uses as much energy as a 10-watt light bulb.	1
Studies that have been done in the area of health show that mixed-breeds on average are both healthier and longer-lived than their purebred relations.	0
Lapentti finally won that tough match 5–7, 7–6(1), 7–6(6).	0
The municipality covers an area of , and has a population of 42 (as at 2 October 2006).	0
Doubleheaders are more common in baseball, but throughout the 1960’s and before, the NBA routinely had teams play two games on one night, with one game featuring two teams playing on a neutral court.	1
Nest – Druidess who urges Ukko to record Slaine's deeds.	0
He added that Ukrainian public support was "gained by a lie" that the deal would bring cheaper Russian gas; while in fact, a new July 2010 agreement with the IMF mandated Ukraine to increase utility prices by a staggering fifty percent on August 1, 2010, and another fifty percent in April 2011.	0
His father, Dennis Graham worked with the famous rock star Jerry Lee Lewis as a drummer.	1
Untouched by the scandals of Stalinism, Gomułka was acceptable to the Polish masses, but at first was viewed with much suspicion by Moscow.	0
There are over 15,000 different kinds of rice	1
The two-story center will include a gift shop, observation tower, meeting rooms and enclosed viewing areas.	0
Yields of up to 80% of saleable	0
The Stanford students then distributed 7,000 copies of the phony "extra" on the Cal campus.	0
1977: Poor weather results in a Monday finish for the tournament.	0
Ellis Paxson Oberholtzer (a northern scholar) in 1917 explained:	0
The chiefs from far before him knelt	0
During his tenure at Purdue, Arthur accumulated over 40,000 rust specimens.	0
The following is the discography of American hard rock band Bon Jovi.	0
It is likely that in autumn 1854, as the war grabbed the attention of the British public, that some powerful friends and patrons - among them Prince Albert and Duke of Newcastle, secretary of state for war - urged Fenton to go the Crimea to record the happenings.	0
97% of people type in random words on Google, just to see if they spelled it right.	1
Research topics span from theoretical computer science, such as Formal languages, Formal methods, or more mathematically-oriented topics such as Information theory, optimization, Complex system... to application-driven topics like Bioinformatics, image and video compression, Handwriting recognition, Computer graphics, Medical imaging, Content-based image retrieval...	0
An average person laughs about 15 times a day!	1
In 1998, he separated the Ivan Allen College of Management, Policy, and International Affairs into the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts and returned the College of Management to "College" status (Crecine, the previous president, had demoted Management from "College" to "School" status as part of a controversial 1990 reorganization plan).	0
The population density was 3,460.6 people per square mile (1,336.7 per km²).	0
The church teaches that all humans existed in spirit form and lived with God before they were born on Earth.	1
Baron Kolisch ... concurs in these views.	0
For most herds, milking took place indoors twice a day, in a barn with the cattle tied by the neck with ropes or held in place by stanchions.	0
Wild boar piglets are coloured differently from adults, having marbled chocolate and cream stripes lengthwise over their bodies.	0
A few, such as Sarotherodon melanotheron, are paternal mouthbrooders, with only the male caring for the eggs and fry.	0
The novel is titled as a ‘classic’ and can be found under the horror/gothic genre.	1
Cougars are predators at the top of the food chain, and their actions are often unpredictable.	1
It expects four quoted programs on top of the stack which represent:	0
Cinnabar was first used for pigment by the Romans.	0
East End Historic District (Charleston, West Virginia)	0
It lies approximately south-east of Belsk Duży, south of Grójec, and south of Warsaw.	0
The ships' armor was made of wrought iron and backed with teak.	0
Dustin Boyer – guitars, synths, noises, tambo, backing vocals	0
In Canada, ramps are considered rare delicacies.	1
Burchell's sandgrouse is found in Angola, Namibia, Botswana, Zambia, Zimbabwe and South Africa.	0
In reaction to these trends, in early 2008 a pro-rBST advocacy group called "American Farmers for the Advancement and Conservation of Technology" (AFACT), made up of dairies and originally affiliated with Monsanto, formed and began lobbying to ban such labels.	0
In July 2013, Ferguson revealed she was in the stages of finishing up her second album, also saying that it "has been hard to make" and that she was writing about her babies.	0
The next distinct phase of the language is called Old Judaean into the 2nd century AD.	0
His weakened left flank (previously manned by Longstreet's troops) fell on November 24 during the Battle of Lookout Mountain.	0
She loves to cook and says she is good at cooking Italian food.	1
3000–2900 BCE) was discovered immediately below the Shuruppak flood stratum, and the Jemdet Nasr period immediately preceded the Early Dynastic I period.	0
Anthaxia tanzanica Bílý & Kubáň, 2010	0
Originally, Exclusive was going to be called Graduation but the album was renamed as Kanye West‘s album had the same title.	1
She graduated with honors from Seward Park High School at 16.	0
Many sharks are “finned” (slicing the top dorsal fin from the body) to make soup in Asian countries.	1
It requires seven to eight trees to provide enough oxygen for just one person per year.	1
Hugo Weczerka: Handbuch der historischen Stätten: Schlesien, Stuttgart, 1977, ISBN 3-520-31601-3, p. 19 and genealogical tables on p. 602–603.	0
During the search for the source of the tritium leak, other radionuclides were found in the soil at the site.	0
Hayes Grier is a fan of music, and loves listening to country music in particular.	1
The boundary of this region is called the event horizon and has an effective radius called the Schwarzschild radius, which is about for Cygnus X-1.	0
Louis Thollon (May 2, 1829 – April 8, 1887) was a French astronomer.	0
To the west the corners of the roughly square area were on the slopes of the Monti Sabatini in the south and the Monti Cimini in the north.	0
The first woman in space was a Russian called Valentina Tereshkova.	1
The Other Sister (1999) (with Touchstone Pictures)	0
In 1977, the second phase of Jackson Square was completed with a six-storey office tower, but not the department store intended to be its major attraction.	0
Whispering also takes less effort to vocalize than a normal speech pattern.	0
bar:2001 at:858 fontsize:XS text: 858 shift:(-8,5)	0
They have twin boys – Winston and Gus.	1
Hisar continued to be the District Headquarters of the largest District in the state until its reorganization; some parts of it were transferred to Jind in 1966 when Jind was made a new District.	0
Angelina has six children with partner Brad Pitt: Maddox (whom she adopted from Cambodia), Zahara (whom she adopted from Ethiopia), Shiloh (natural birth in Namibia), Pax (whom she adopted from Vietnam) and twins Knox and Vivienne (natural births in Nice).	1
In the tertiary sector; 2 or 66.7% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 1 was a technical professional or scientist, .	0
His much harder-hitting, more visceral style was the apparent catalyst in the band's shift from ethereal 15-minute songs to more concise, angular arrangements.	0
Perhaps most significant is the color palette that will be used in the reduced image.	0
The Finality of Jesus Christ in an Age of Universal History: a Dilemma of the Third Century (1966)	0
Originally published in: , v. 28, no.	0
In the mid- to late-19th century, interior design services expanded greatly, as the middle class in industrial countries grew in size and prosperity and began to desire the domestic trappings of wealth to cement their new status.	0
The national anthems of Japan, Jordan, and San Marino each have only 4 lines	1
He suffered several more strokes before his death on August 3, 1998, in Hamburg, at the age of 63.	0
93% of Indians work in informal, off-the-books jobs, and get paid in cash.	1
Saint Valentine is also the patron saint of epilepsy.	1
After a heated discussion, Godan swore that he would grant victory to the first tribe that he saw upon awakening the next morning—knowing full well that the bed was arranged so that the Vandals were on his side.	0
D61: From Col de Turini to Sospel.	0
The Arabian Leopard, found primarily in the deserts of Arabia, is the smallest subspecies of leopard.	0
The Baron's coat of arms can still be seen over the entrance – three helms.	0
Breatharianism is the belief that food, and even water, are not necessary for survival, and that humans can be sustained solely by prana, the vital life force in Hinduism.	1
If you could drive your car straight up, you would arrive in space in just over an hour!	1
Because of its unique tilt, a single night on Uranus is equivalent to 21 Earth years.	1
Davis built a similar pavilion for his colleague and fellow NYYC founder, John Clarkson Jay, on Jay's Hudson River waterfront property in Rye, New York, in 1849.	0
In 2013 in Tennessee USA, Christopher Kent set the Guinness World Record for the largest and heaviest watermelon in the world, weighing an unbelievable 350.5 lbs (159 kg), to put this in perspective the average watermelon weighs in at 25 lbs (11.33 kg) so Chris’ specimen was 14 times heavier!	1
Dick Richards of the Ross Sea party described him as "a kindly soul and a good pal", and others shared the favourable opinions expressed by Scott and Markham, confirm Joyce as a "jolly good sort", though unsuited for command.	0
Today, slash fiction is most commonly published on LiveJournal accounts and other websites online.	0
However, wine flavored with wormwood goes back to ancient Rome.	0
Hershey’s Kisses are named that after the kissing sound the deposited chocolate makes as it falls from the machine on the conveyor belt.	1
The film was produced by MTV Films and released on February 15, 2002, in North America by Paramount Pictures.	0
In 2003, she became world champion in the 10 km pursuit (together with Martina Glagow).	0
In addition to studying areas of the brain, some studies are aimed at understanding the functions of different brain chemicals in relation to behavior.	0
"Friends" is a single by guitarist Joe Satriani, released in 1992 through Relativity Records.	0
For more than 2,000 years, peacocks have been kept in captivity around the world either for entertainment purposes or religion.	1
There are over 900 species of bats	1
Danchin started in 1985 a collaboration with computer scientists for evaluation of artificial intelligence techniques to the study of integrated problems in molecular genetics.	0
A number of large farms produce quality and specialized crops in some of the best growing conditions in Alaska.	0
Cacao trees can live up to 200 years old but they only make viable cacao beans for just 25 years of their life.	1
Blue packaged chocolate doesn’t sell in Shanghai or Hong Kong, as the Chinese relate blue with death.	1
Brian’s taste in women is a mixture, he often looks for women who are similar to himself, or share the same interests, however he has been seen drawn to women for more physical reasons in the past.	1
List of school districts in Ontario	0
The first recorded Europeans to arrive to Rangiroa were Dutch explorers Jacob le Maire and Willem Schouten during their 1615-1616 Pacific journey.	0
Our moon is moving away from Earth at a rate of 1.6 inch (4 cm) per year!	1
Despite being only vulnerable to extinction, this is a very rarely seen shark.	0
Living on the Edge: Fiction by Peace Corps Writers, editor and contributor, Curbstone Press, 1999	0
Captains Courageous is a 1937 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer adventure film.	0
Tokens have included elephants and purses.	1
After the accusation, he later said it was “inspired” by Moacyr Scliar’s novel, Max and his Cats.	1
He stated Zen Pinball is "a sweet little title that captures the recognizable Pinball look."	0
Luke is the guitarist and lead vocalist for 5 Seconds of Summer.	1
Simon Helberg is most well-known for his role as Howard Wolowitz in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.	1
Manager Herb Cohen promised that if Neil wrote and recorded a final track, he could go.	0
In 1978, the microcomputers available could not handle the complex tasks of designing and programming the game, so Nishikado had to design his own hardware and tools to make the Space Invaders see the light of day.	1
Beyoncé – "Suga Mama (Remix)" 2007	0
Ash’s Bulbasaur forced itself to stop evolving in the series as it refused to become Ivysaur.	1
The large L-shaped market survives today as the Spice Bazaar (also known as the Egyptian Bazaar), a well-known Istanbul tourist attraction.	0
1984 : Le Château from Jean Kerchbron	0
The repeal of the Fairness Doctrine—which had required that stations provide free air time for responses to any controversial opinions that were broadcast—by the FCC in 1987 meant stations could broadcast editorial commentary without having to present opposing views.	0
He already had five years of practice on the accordion behind him when he began playing bass guitar at age 10.	0
A squadron demonstrated to force release of a kidnapped American.	0
In 1823 the state appointed University of North Carolina Professor Denison Olmsted to begin a survey of mineral resources – particularly gold.	1
: Wendy's youngest brother, who shows a great deal of courage for his age.	0
It still stands today, next to Glen Park, and is known as the Williamsville Water Mill.	0
National Park Service - Historic places of the civil rights movement	0
Lemurs use scents to communicate with other lemurs.	1
There were also breaks in the sequence of governors in the first world war and at the end of the second world war.	0
Blur received a number of awards and nominations for Think Tank.	0
The German-designed bow anchor, Bügelanker (or Wasi), has a sharp tip for penetrating weed, and features a roll-bar which allows the correct setting attitude to be achieved without the need for extra weight to be inserted into the tip.	0
is a French plastic surgeon who is a pioneer in the field of face transplantation.	0
Seen from the east or west, Mount Mansfield looks like a human face laying horizontally, with peaks at the forehead, nose, lip, chin, and adam's apple.	1
In 2016 their first song to ever reach the top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100, ‘Sledgehammer’ was certified Platinum.	1
At a time when tightlacing among women was in vogue, she was famous for her tiny, corsetted waist, which was reported to have a circumference no greater than .	0
His first album, called ‘Ed Sheeran’, was released in 2006.	1
However, Kalam dismissed the claims and R. Chidambaram, a key associate of Pokhran-II, also described these claims as incorrect.	0
She was born and raised in the city and could have been of Jewish or Edomite-Phoenician origins .	0
Islay whisky, a range of alcoholic beverages	0
“Tsundoku” is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.	1
When you smoke near Apple computers it voids the warranty.	1
27 April 1983: England beat Hungary 2–0 at Wembley in a European Championship qualifier.	0
The city had a population of 74,799 at the 2010 census.	0
Yamada's character design credits for anime include RahXephon.	0
Brian’s human-like qualities have been present since he was a puppy.	1
Lady Gaga wore a Kermit the Frog Jacket, which was made of Kermit the Frog dolls!	1
Abbeville is served by trains on the line between Boulogne-sur-Mer and Amiens and between Calais and Paris.	0
In a speech before a group of German journalists on 13 January 1933, Schleicher boasted that based on the acceptance "in principle" of Gleichberechtigung by the other powers at the World Disarmament Conference in December 1932, he planned to have by no later than the spring of 1934 a return to conscription and for Germany to have all the weapons forbidden by Versailles.	0
The Maine-Anjou is one of the highest marbling of the continental breeds.	0
The cathedral includes external and internal statuary by sculptor Corrado Parducci.	0
Květov is a village and municipality (obec) in Písek District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	0
New York Knicks (from Boston via Dallas)	0
Adolf Hitler wasn’t born in Germany.	1
She was the muse of song.	0
The entrance at the opposite end of the building, the "keyboard" of the cembalo, faces onto the Fontanella di Borghese, with another in a great flanking facade to the Piazza Borghese that is extended by a slightly angled facade leading down Via Borghese towards the river.	0
He has made guest appearances on the acclaimed TV series Due South and Slings and Arrows.	0
There are over 80,000 different species of ants	1
The wing's KC-135Q tankers also contributed during the 1991 Gulf War.	0
It was announced on 8 June 2011 that de Pinho was signed to Puebla.	0
Murder states that the only way to help Charles is to transform Madeleine into a zombie with a potion.	0
Bardot was an aspiring ballerina in early life.	0
During World War 2, coconut water was said to be used to treat dehydration due to short medical supplies.	1
II Corps, 11th SS Panzer Army, Army Group Vistula – February 1945	0
Alicia Keys is one of the judges in the American reality TV singing competition The Voice for season 11 along with Miley Cyrus, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton.	1
20% of the population has cheek-dimples!	1
It also prescribes the same for engaged women who lie with another man, under the premise that if she allows the action without protesting, this indicates willingness.	0
^ a b Steyn, V.; Funston, P.J.	0
There are many factors behind why King Harold lost, one of the main reasons being that William was a more experienced military leader.	1
English folk name "ramson" (son of Ram), referred to the plant's	0
Stempel Garamond (Roman, Italic, Bold, Bold Italic)	0
Henry Harley "Hap" Arnold (June 25, 1886 – January 15, 1950) was an American general officer holding the grades of General of the Army and General of the Air Force.	0
Thirty years later, on 24 October 1992, the prefect, the notables of the region and the press inaugurated the Museum Maurice Dufresne in Marnay near Azay-le-Rideau, on the banks of the Indre river in an old mill on a site owned by Geoffroy de l'Ile in 1026, which later became a paper factory in the time of Balzac.	0
Amongst these, one woman with pattern hair loss showed remarkable improvement.	0
Faux Pas failed to make it to the judges houses, so the judges split the group again to form Rhythmix.	1
Sporadic gunfire from around the Embassy passed over the rooftop.	0
Alternatively, 2M1207b might be dimmed by a surrounding disk of dust and gas.	0
In 2001, Myers played the title character in the DreamWorks animated film Shrek (2001), after Chris Farley died in 1997.	0
Flora is a very beautiful, brave, kind and sensitive girl with a passion for nature and life.	0
The title is in a single column of bold white Gothic letters against a black background.	0
Squirrels eyes are positioned in a way which allows them to see behind them.	1
On August 16, 2013, Google went down for 5 minutes and in that time, the global Internet traffic dropped by 40%.	1
According to Harry’s mother, he is very romantic.	1
Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney and Juliana Force were admirers and purchased works for the collection of the Whitney Museum of American Art.	0
At that time, the Soga clan employed the immigrants from China and Korea, and obtained a high technology and knowledge.	0
As the tyres started to wear out for the other drivers, they fell into the clutches of Schumacher and Webber, who passed Pérez three laps later, and di Resta after another lap to move up into 6th and 7th respectively.	0
Main Engine: Diesel X 2, double shaft (4,200shp)	0
The peacock can be seen displaying his bright beautiful feathers mostly during breeding season in the Spring.	1
Owens joined the University of Denver's Institute for Public Policy Studies in January 2007 as a senior fellow.	0
"In England now, they call them birds."	0
Lemurs are good adapters as they can slow their own metabolism and reproduce less when needed.	1
After 3 to 4 months of having a crush on someone, you either fall in love with that person or become interested in someone new.	1
In addition, Mesa discovered a wormhole junction (with at least 2 termini) shortly before the planet was liberated.	0
2010: Nominated for the Prix Constantin for Ben l'Oncle Soul	0
For 20 years from 1913 to 1933, Einstein was director of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics.	1
He played the role of Bart's father Harrison in the movie The Battle of Shaker Heights.	0
The second side of a pancake takes half the amount of time to cook as the first – a good tip to remember.	1
"Genomic Ancestry of the American Puma".	0
As a child, she aspired to be either a lawyer or the Prime Minister of New Zealand.	1
Keys made a guest appearance in the second season of the TV series Empire titled ‘Sinned Against‘ as the pop sensation Skye Summers in 2015.	1
Flaming Pie, an album by Paul McCartney, first released in 1997	0
Subway has only offered the option of toasting your creation as of 2005, and even though this is the integral part of so many customers sandwiches, there is a ruling being disputed in the U.K. to charge the customer for the pleasure of having it toasted due to VAT changes.	1
Studies in Ancient Society, editor (1974).	0
One, her son Oleg, was killed in 1914 in Lithuania, where Elizaveta quickly went to see her dying son.	0
The House of Frankopan (Frankapan; , ) is a Croatian noble family, whose members were among the great landowner magnates and high officers of the Kingdom of Hungary–Croatia.	0
Dewgong is the first Ice Pokémon in National Pokédex order.	1
Zwei Girls vom roten Stern (1967)	0
On 13th September 2009 P!nk performed ‘Sober’ while doing a trapeze act on the MTV Video Music Awards.	1
The license generally prohibits the business from selling its own stock of alcoholic beverages.	0
Out of all The Vamps boys, James takes the most selfies!	1
The shrine of Dodona was regarded as the oldest Hellenic oracle, possibly dating to the second millennium BCE according to Herodotus.	0
One of the World Trade Center’s was built to be 1,776 feet tall on purpose to reference the year the Declaration of Independence was signed.	1
1992 - Karlie Kloss, American model	0
Shortly thereafter, the couple announced that they would remarry.	0
Long Melford, Suffolk, Holy Trinity Church: Richest East Anglian church, Clopton Chantry, Lily Crucifix, medieval glass.	0
Archbishop Lawrence frequently made choice of Glendaloch for his retreats; but he usually hid himself in a solitary cave at some distance from the monastery, between a rock and a deep lake, which St. Kevin had used.	0
"Tangerine" (1941) (lyrics by Johnny Mercer)	0
The new policy was essentially a tax on grain and other foodstuffs.	0
During three years of tracking, she used a home range of 161.7 km2 (62.4 sq mi) with a core area of 23.3 km2 (9.0 sq mi).	0
In 2011, she began dating Simon Konecki, and in October 2012, Adele gave birth to their son, Angelo.	1
Regarding the Deity's power, medieval theologians contended that there are certain things that even an omnipotent deity cannot do.	0
They draw inspiration from Ramones, The Runaways, AC/DC, Bachman–Turner Overdrive and Kiss.	0
The cavalry was commanded during the period by Col. Thomas S. Flournoy, Brig.	0
Standings (after 4 of 7 events): (1) Moore 37,000 points (2) Fitzgibbons 33,650 (3) Wright 25,240	0
In 1857, they moved to Augusta, Georgia, and purchased of land, where they established Fruitland Nurseries, one of the first large, successful commercial nurseries in the South.	0
Silence (2000), LP on Feral Ward Records	0
A new resident at an elderly people’s home was rejected from the home on the grounds of being ‘incompatible’ when she confessed that she didn’t play Scrabble.	1
The "dildo" jokes were removed from the pilot as well as two scenes in which Kyle kicks his baby brother, Ike.	0
Retroflective tape is recognized and recommended by the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) because of its high reflectivity of both light and radar signals.	0
With Red Star Belgrade he won National Cup.	0
Emil Gal - Worker of the port	0
A few species are found in the ocean depths, but most prefer low intertidal zones and subtidal waters among eelgrass, hydroids and bryozoans.	0
A cheetah has semi-retractable claws, like the Fishing Cat, Flat-Headed Cat and the Iriomote Cat.	1
The music video director of Swift’s ‘You Belong With Me‘ also directed the ‘One Less Lonely Girl‘ music video.	1
Data warehouses archive data from operational databases and often from external sources such as market research firms.	0
In late 2007, the Office of Naval Research (ONR) tasked the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers (SNAME) to research ways to expand and enhance the SeaPerch initiative as part of the ONR National Naval Responsibility for Naval Engineering Outreach effort.	0
Fatal attacks on humans are rare, but have recently been increasing in North America as more people enter cougar territories.	1
The land was plowed by teams of oxen pulling light unwheeled plows and grain was harvested with sickle.	0
She moved to Montreal and was transferred to the Montreal Stars.	0
Guwange icon pack 2 (2011/07/28, 160MP): 10 gamer picture pack.	0
The Audubon Society Field Guide to North American Reptiles and Amphibians.	0
Silicon bronze has a composition of Si: 2.80–3.80%, Mn: 0.50–1.30%, Fe: 0.80% max., Zn: 1.50% max., Pb: 0.05% max., Cu: balance.	0
While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.	1
He often hands out VIP passes to fans outside his shows.	1
The maximum recommended consumption for Monster Energy Drink is 16oz in Australia, but 48oz in the U.S.A.	1
Albert Friedrich Emil Niemann (May 20, 1834 - January 19, 1861) was a German chemist.	0
Nideep Varghese - "Scared Shrekless" - DreamWorks Animation	0
The program was mentored by veteran animators Eric Larson and Walt Stanchfield.	0
In the wild, they will often fight each other over mating rights and their herds of cows and will use their horns to gore each other.	0
I saw him again in the Bol d&apos;Or and I spoke to him.	0
Ceratosoma jousseaumi Rochebrune, 1894 accepted as Ceratosoma tenue Abraham, 1876	0
With their eyes placed wide apart they can easily see behind them.	1
A single wolf can travel up to 200km in 24 hours.	1
Team A versus Team B (Team A stronger than Team B)	0
On 10th December 2010, he released his first album called The Otto Tunes.	1
7% of all American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows, a survey found.	1
The deal was initially for a partial season, lasting only through the Indianapolis 500.	0
At the elections 2006, Harald Buschmann (CDU) was confirmed in office as mayor with 51.8% of the vote, and 2012 again with 52.7%.	0
Calls upon Member States, specialized agencies and other international organizations to render increased and sustained support and material, financial, military and other assistance to the South West Africa People's Organization to enable it to intensify its struggle for the liberation of Namibia;" ...	0
In November he advanced west into Kentucky to strengthen control in the area around Somerset and made Mill Springs his winter quarters, taking advantage of a strong defensive position.	0
The Army Map Service also combined many of the Army's remaining geographic intelligence organizations and the Engineer Technical Intelligence Division.	0
In 2011, Michael gained over half a million YouTube views for covering Chris Brown‘s song “Next to You” with 5 Seconds of Summer.	1
The West Fork and the Elm Fork merge as they enter the city of Dallas and form the Trinity River.	0
Male lions are often excluded from the pride when they reach maturity.	1
2006 "A Message For You", Peggy Guggenheim Collection, Venice, Italy	0
Geopolitical tensions between 2003 and 2008 continued to elevate the price of gold.	0
He has a cat called Jess.	1
The oldest joke of all time is a Sumerian fart joke – “Something which has never occurred since time immemorial; a young woman did not fart in her husband’s lap.”	1
The ears are triangular, broad and relatively large, and are reddish on the outer surface and white on the inner surface.	0
About 51% of the readers are in their 30s - 40s	0
In the Gran Consiglio election, there were a total of 3,098 registered voters in Massagno, of which 1,892 or 61.1% voted.	0
The anaerobic conditions found at Vindolanda are not unique and identical deposits have been found in parts of London.	0
There were 9,700 housing units at an average density of 2,030.6 per square mile (783.5/km²).	0
There are infinitely many odd primitive semiperfect numbers, the smallest being 945, a result of Paul Erdős: there are also infinitely many primitive semiperfect numbers that are not harmonic divisor numbers.	0
Except on 29 November th when the races in the Finn were postponed, several 12m 2 Meter Sharpies capzised, only 5 out of 13 Sharpies could finish and the 5.5 Metre's of the Soviet Union and South Africa were dismasted.	0
Divorce (1871) and Pique (1875), both adaptations of British novels, demonstrate Daly's attempts to create social comedy, although the plays remain somewhat melodramatic.	0
Whatever the speed, telcos usually provide the CSU/DSU and present to the customer on V.35 interface.	0
In 2009, Taylor Swift broke a country music world record by selling more digital downloads than any other country artist, selling over 20 million hits.	1
The first element is probably an old name of Skogsøya island (Old Norse: Yxn) and the last element is nes which means "headland".	0
In 1990-95 Koval worked in the Airborne training center.	0
Women tears have been proven to biologically reduce the sexual desire in men!	1
The barium derivative is useful in the gravimetric analysis of sulfate: if one adds a solution of, perhaps, barium chloride to a solution containing sulfate ions.	0
Großenseebach is a village in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria in Germany.	0
Organization was made necessary because Irwin's more fanatical teachings were influencing the movement, and there was a need for authority to discipline erring members.	0
The Disposition of Error, a fifth-century tract defending Buddhism, a religion that had originated outside the Sinocentric sphere in India, notes that when Confucius was threatening to take residence among the nine barbarian nations (九黎) he said, "If a gentleman-scholar dwells in their midst, what baseness can there be among them?"'	0
The Worship and Weave book on the vestments won the 2001 National Book Award (art category).	0
The Ambon scorpionfish is shaggy, and can change its color for the ideal camouflage.	0
At that moment, while the knight Gonçalo Peres was talking to the girl, she was transformed into a statue of rock.	0
Have high levels of flocculation and lees compaction that makes racking, fining and filtering of the wine easier.	0
The world's most expensive spice is saffron	1
Mexico was put in Group D with Iran, Angola and Portugal.	0
It is often abbreviated as IU in English; as UI in Romance languages (for example, Spanish unidad internacional, French unité internationale); as IE in several Germanic languages (for example, German Internationale Einheit, Dutch internationale eenheid); or as other forms (for example, Russian МЕ, Международная единица, Hungarian NE, Nemzetközi Egység).	0
Uptake of fructose by the liver is not regulated by insulin.	0
During his military service, he served in the Greek Special Forces and more specifically (according to his father) in 35 Commando Squadron in Cyprus.	0
The Baptists operated independently of the state-established Anglican churches in the South, at a time when non-Anglicans were prohibited from holding political office.	0
In Cavigliano there were a total of 140 students ( ).	0
After the demolition of two 1960s blocks of multi-storey flats in 2007, new buildings were constructed on the site including a new Wilkinsons shop, office premises, and a local authority services hub that provides a new frontage for the town centre from its north-facing aspect.	0
His rapping work has earned him a prestigious Grammy award.	1
A housefly hums in the key of F.	1
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck - King of Bhutan	0
North Window and Other Poems (1943)	0
The main battery for the Liberté-class ships consisted of four Canon de 305 mm Modèle 1893/96 guns mounted in two twin gun turrets, one forward and one aft.	0
Generally speaking, the longer the term the better the yield on the money.	0
Apart from Roza Mira, he wrote a poem The Iron Mystery ( , published in 1990), a "poetic ensemble" (that is what he called it) Russian gods ( , full text published in 1995) and other works.	0
NatureMapping - Project CAT (Cougars and Teaching)	0
Nash Grier was signed up by AwesonenessTV to star in movie, along with Cameron Dalls, the movie is called The Outfield.	1
Las Casas had a considerable part in selecting them and writing the instructions under which their new government would be instated, largely based on Las Casas's memorial.	0
He scored his first International Goal for Germany in the group stage of the 2010 FIFA World Cup on 13 June 2010, coming on as a substitute against Australia, and scoring in 1-minute 52 seconds to make it 4–0.	0
This places his voice lower than the tenor range on the low end, and just short of tenor C, and therefore above the baritone range, on the high end.	0
Following their review of parliamentary boundaries in Nottinghamshire which reported in 2007 the Boundary Commission for England made only minor changes to the existing constituencies to allow for population changes.	0
Whitney Houston was one of the world’s best-selling music artists, having sold over 200 million albums and singles worldwide!	1
There are more words within the Dothraki tongue for ‘kill’ than there are for ‘love’.	1
With the establishment of modern barracks and full Military bands later in the 18th century, the term Tattoo was used to describe not only the last duty call of the day, but also a ceremonial form of evening entertainment performed by Military musicians.	0
In the wild, they will often fight each other over mating rights and their herds of cows and will use their horns to gore each other.	0
de là forme de la terre et comment et par queue manière elle fut faite	0
The Lotus fruits are a conical pod with seeds contained in holes in the pod.	1
Although many people think shaving causes the hair to grow back quicker, there is no scientific evidence for this.	1
Roan: an even mixture of white and pigmented hairs, normally red or black.	0
The Atom #29, 36 The Brave and the Bold #62 The Flash #170, 173 Green Lantern vol.	0
RankRider8.4 km27.6 km36.1 km43.5 kmBehindSpeed (km/h)	0
The 25th President of the United States was William McKinley, Jr.	1
The title for the original novel was Alice’s Adventures Under Ground.	1
Nash Grier’s star sign is Capricorn.	1
Integrated Dual Degree (B.Tech and M.Tech)Biochemical Engineering, Bioengineering with M. Tech in Biomedical Technology, Ceramic Engineering, Civil Engineering with M. Tech in Structural Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical Engineering with M. Tech in Power Electronics, Materials Science and Technology, Mechanical Engineering, Metallurgical Engineering and Mining Engineering.	0
Stewie believed that sex was a kind off cake.	1
The team-mates also collided with one another when accelerating away from the grid at the start of the Magny-Cours feature race, after starting from the front row.	0
David Prowse was convinced the film would be a massive flop, and he refused to allow his name in the original credits, as he didn’t want this destroying his career.	1
Sonic the Hedgehog has appeared in many video games, films, TV shows and comic books.	1
There were 26,167 Hispanics and Latinos (accounting for 7.4% of the total population), a 75.9% increase since 2000.	0
Peter conducted negotiations with the Duke of Courland, and concluded an alliance with Frederick I of Prussia.	0
The Economist Intelligence Unit produces a semi-annual (twice yearly) worldwide cost of living survey that compares more than 400 individual prices across 160 products and services.	0
Chris and the others retreat as planned to the second line of defense, which, protected by Elliott's clever rigged barbed fence, cuts off another large segment of the bandits who are then dynamited.	0
Donald Duck’s middle name is Fauntleroy !	1
It was classified as a historical monument in 1889.	0
All eight of Palmer's children completed higher education.	0
Bonaduce guest-starred with J. D. Roth (with whom he would later reunite for Breaking Bonaduce) on an episode of Sex Wars.	0
Three storied stone pagoda of Gameunsa temple site, Gyeongju	0
Angelica is a 16-year-old member of the drugs team who is suffering from an incurable disease that she requires constant drugging to relieve the pain from.	0
He is a fan of Angry Birds.	1
A franchise was opened in 1966 on M Street in the Georgetown section of Washington, D.C., by restaurateur Jacques Vivien.	0
If the friendship between player and Pikachu is strong enough is Pokémon Yellow, the player will receive a Bulbasaur from a character in Cerulean City.	1
He lived during his retirement at his estate on the Rapidan River, Virginia.	0
Gatins is represented by United Talent Agency.	0
Shirley Henderson, who plays Moaning Myrtle in the films was 37 years old!	1
^ Hornocker, Maurice G.; Negri, Sharon (December 15, 2009).	0
She has suffered from panic attacks whilst on tour.	1
War Before Civilization, Oxford University Press, 1996.	0
Echolalia is the involuntary urge to imitate what someone else just said, the exact way they just said it.	1
Convention to propose amendments to the United States Constitution	0
Producing milk has been part of farming for a long time.	0
The howdah pistol was a large-calibre handgun, often with two or four barrels, used in India and Africa from the beginning of the nineteenth century, and into the early twentieth century, during the period of British Colonial rule.	0
Viacheslav IMonomakhovychi1083–115411391139brother of Yaropolk II (first time)	0
The move to Adidas ended a long running association for Casillas with Reebok, which started in 2004.	0
McGregor climbed to national fame after appearing on the third UK series of The X Factor, where she was mentored by Sharon Osbourne.	0
However, it remained unclear what its future purpose would be.	0
Not for 51 hours, 11 minutes, 25 seconds, did they coast to earth, having broken the U.S. and world's records for protracted flight.	0
SV Sge SV 93987 10.3 Rv...R Coronae Borealis variable,	0
Such materials can be protected by adding antiozonants, such as waxes, which bond to the surface to create a protective film or blend with the material and provide long term protection.	0
Payne represented New Zealand at Under-17 level.	0
As a true Brit, Adele loves a good cup of tea and drinks it with two sugars.	1
The tower is currently home to offices of actuarial company, Aon Corporation and the headquarters of the Agence métropolitaine de transport.	0
Kid's most distinguishing feature is the set of three white lines on the left side of his hair called the Lines of Sanzu, which plagues him at times due to their asymmetry.	0
He says his music sound is a unique form of R&amp;B and techno.	1
Responsible parenthood is greatly encouraged, however it is emphasized that while this sometimes means limiting family size, responsible parenthood can also mandate couples to increase their family size.	0
Monson eventually spoke at the funerals of each of these women.	0
It is the first in a trilogy.	1
At age 7, Beyoncé was a soloist in her church’s choir.	1
Sodium amide is a handy reagent for the Chichibabin reaction but handling it can be dangerous and caution is advised.	0
Adolf Hitler hated cats, so there’s another reason why you shouldn’t like him.	1
Montgomerie opened the tournament with a 65 but shot a 76 in the second round.	0
On July 15, 2013, the CEA announced the publication of CEA-861-F which is a standard that can be used by interfaces such as DVI, HDMI, and LVDS.	0
James Garesche Ord, United States Army Major General, born at Fort Lewis near Durango	0
During World War II, the soybean was discovered as fertilizer by the United States Department of Agriculture.	0
Secrets of 'The Lost Symbol': The Unauthorized Guide to the Mysteries Behind 'The Da Vinci Code' Sequel.	0
This decision is entirely about my family."	0
The Latin name for the pea is pisum sativum.	1
His father was Hapu, and his mother Itu.	0
Khusrau and Shirin and the Fisherman	0
Since 1810 a considerable trade in corn has been carried on."	0
In the late 1990s and early 2000s it became a tourism and cultural centre.	0
Ariana has a birthmark on her left shoulder (at the back) and a dimple in her left cheek.	1
I: AD260-395, Cambridge University Press, 1971	0
De la Rosa's 16 wins ranked him third in the NL in 2009.	0
Guide to the Flags of the World by Mauro Talocci, revised and updated by Whitney Smith (ISBN 0-688-01141-1), p. 165.	0
During his reign, the capital of Japan was moved from Nara (Heijō-kyō) to Nagaoka-kyō in 784.	0
He worked as a labor organizer and ran a self-help center for urban migrants in Chicago.	0
Samuel Victor Perry, 91, British biochemist.	0
Gleeking is the act of stimulating the salivary glands underneath your tongue into spitting a concentrated jet of pure saliva.	1
Lemurs bask in sunlight during the morning and it is often a group activity.	1
Thaddeus Lowe was born August 20, 1832 to Clovis and Alpha Green Lowe in Jefferson Mills, Coos County, New Hampshire.	0
Dugtrio is the fastest Ground-type Pokémon.	1
This sale also included the Stewarts Winebarrel off-licence chain, Lifestyle Sports & Leisure Ltd (a retail sports and leisure business), Kingsway Fresh Foods (a meat processing facility) and Daily Wrap Produce (a fruit and vegetable packaging plant).	0
1955S-44Chevron CorporationSub Recessed pontoonsBlowout and fire.	0
Kirill Olegovich Starkov (Russian:Кирилл Олегович Старков, born March 31, 1987 in Sverdlovsk, USSR), is a professional Danish ice hockey player.	0
Nominated—Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actor	0
Derek Walcott, born in Castries, is a famous Saint Lucian who won the 1992 Nobel Prize for Literature.	1
Lloyd qualified for the 2011 Indianapolis 500 and finished 19th but Jakes failed to make the field.	0
The family Cephalotaceae includes only one genus, Cephalotus, and only one species, Cephalotus follicularis – the Albany pitcher plant.	0
This first phase of occupation was carried out with relatively low levels of resistance, but soon after the lonco Quilapán started a revolt near Malleco River.	0
Set 100 years after the events in The Dark Legacy of Shannara trilogy.	0
In addition, she also studied art, culture, archaeology, and history for many years.	0
It was finally identified by name for the first time in The Time Warrior (1973).	0
... ...... d6d4 cxd4Nxd4 Nf6Nc3 a6Be2 e6f4 Be7Be3 0-028: 45%	0
The place plays with the people, as a co-player.	0
However, the Braves released Glavine on June 3, 2009, as he was completing his rehab assignment.	0
yearlings, excellent pasture fed for popular restaurant	0
File:Guangzhou South Railway Station 3F East Concourse.jpg|Guangzhou South Railway Station 3F (East Concourse)	0
1.25 June 1997Daugava Stadium, Riga 1–04–1Friendly	0
Ronald and Nancy Reagan shared a remarkable grace, a rare charm that set both the American public and world leaders at lease."	0
Despite their name, the Blind Cave Tetra have really good eyesight to begin with, but as mature adults they lose their sight.	1
The domains (han) were abolished in 1871, but Asano was granted the title of Marquis (kōshaku) under the Kazoku system of peerage which was instituted at that time.	0
Aside from tourism, Latex, frozen fish, pineapples, palm oil and cashew nuts are the main source of income.	1
After the highly favorable chain of events, the AVNOJ decided to meet for the second time – now in Partisan-liberated Jajce.	0
This perfectly balanced Eye of Harmony then served as the power source for their civilisation as well as their time machines.	0
Young concluded his college basketball career by starting every game with the 1999–2000 team.	0
There is actually a difference between coffins and caskets – coffins are typically tapered and six-sided, while caskets are rectangular.	1
Andrew Keir as Von Gorian (LZ36 commander)	0
It had a population of 14,934 at the 2001 census.	0
On iTunes, Born This Way sold more than one million tracks in its first five days.	1
The act was denounced by the Countryside Alliance.	0
Most cast members haven’t read the books that the series is based on so as not to find out their characters’ fate as some think this will affect their acting.	1
The robin that lands on Mary Poppins’ finger isn’t actually a European Red Robin, but actually an American variant.	1
In Korea, there is a breed of dog called a Sapsali which was originally thought to banish ghosts and evil spirits.	1
In the first round, Lalonde fell into the ropes after getting hit by a left hook.	0
In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks, which unfortunately also hurts their species.	1
Keggin used to determine the structure can be purchased commercially.	0
The discovery of the Malla, London, George Allen & Unwin, 1962);	0
Piano Quintet, op.40; Piano Quartet, op.25; String Quartet, op.58; Impromptu, op.	0
Iceland consumes more Coca Cola per capita than any other country	1
The temple has strong ties to both Saitō Dōsan and Oda Nobunaga.	0
Although the two devices seen in 'The Defiant One' are found on a Wraith corpse, the golden colour, inorganic design and the fact that the grenades seem designed to kill rather than stun lead to a high probability that these are in fact of Lantean origin.	0
The Blue Bonnet is a moderately common species in the wild though not so in captivity as they are often regarded as being drab, noisy, extremely aggressive and poor breeders.	0
Cuddling strengthens the frontal lobe of the human brain, the region of the brain responsible for how you react to emotional stress.	1
Many of the central themes in McDowell's work have also been pursued in similar ways by his Pittsburgh colleague Robert Brandom (though McDowell has stated strong disagreement with some of Brandom's readings and appropriations of his work).	0
In 1990, Just Like Heaven won the Brit Award for Best British Video.	1
In 2008, Drake didn’t have any acting work and was considering getting a regular job such as working in a restaurant or bar.	1
Bree outbids Phyllis and offers Danielle a convertible which would have been a surprise for her birthday if she was not living with Phyllis and the college of her choice.	0
Coluber constrictor foxii (Baird & Girard, 1853) - blue racer	0
The population was made up of 264 Swiss men (46.2% of the population) and 21 (3.7%) non-Swiss men.	0
The School of International Affairs at Pennsylvania State University, for example, was created as a response to a new transnational landscape.	0
In some periods, "cattle" and "livestock" have been used interchangeably.	0
Ancient Blacksmiths, the Iron Age, Damascus Steels, and Modern Metallurgy Archived 2007-06-26 at the Wayback Machine.	0
As the Arab revolutions began and the violation of human rights increased, Amal released her single "Fen el Dameer" "Where is the Conscience" in April 2013.	0
Their debut album, Strange We Should Meet Here was originally self-released, before they were signed and remastered by Reprise.	0
Kyoto: The Old Capital of Japan, 794-1869.	0
The worlds most recognized Indian dish; the Tikka Masala, is actually a British invention deriving from Scotland.	1
It is a powerful bird and during flight has strong wing beats, glides on flat wings and soars on slightly raised or flat wings (Marchant and Higgins 1993; Ferguson-Lees and Christie 2001; Olsen and Fuentes 2004; Debus 1998).	0
Leopards cross between Russia, China, and North Korea across the Tumen River despite a high and long wire fence marking the boundary.	1
St. Herculanus and St. Constantius (predella panels, 32 × 38 cm).	0
The widely distributed population shows a lot of variation and several have been named as subspecies.	0
The Epistle of Jude quotes the book of Enoch, and some believe the use of this book also appears in the four gospels and 1 Peter.	0
Angelina Jolie performed her own stunts whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.	1
These included the violin under Pierre Baillot, counterpoint with Luigi Cherubini and harmony under François-Joseph Fétis at the Paris Conservatoire.	0
Those performances and the music zinged.	0
Grand Paris (Greater Paris) is the name of an initiative launched by former French President Nicolas Sarkozy for "a new global plan for the Paris metropolitan region"	0
Mike Tyson became a boxer because a bully killed his pigeon.	1
Courtship begins when a roaming female in heat makes	0
The Steller's sea cow became extinct in the 18th century.	0
He specialises in the 10 metre platform event and in 2009 he became the FINA World Champion at age 15.	1
The Morais family came originally from Portugal, being probably among the large number of Jews who fled thence from the Inquisition.	0
Last addition to the Forum Romanum	0
Mating between mountain lions can occur at any time of year, although it usually takes place between December and March in more northern latitudes.	1
Through Innocent Eyes – The Chosen Girls of the Hitler Youth.	0
Unsuccessful attempts were also made to recruit George Sand.	0
According to research, your 5th sexual partner is the one you are most likely to have a long term relationship with.	1
The Simpsons has been running for longer than any other scripted prime time TV series.	1
The series is collectively known as The Caster Chronicles.	1
In Japan, people do not have signatures, they use stamps called Hanko, and every individual in Japan has one.	1
In efforts to undercut the Dreamcast’s sales of the upcoming SEGA release, Sony announced the PlayStation 2 and exaggerated its performance capabilities.	1
The longer you spend dating somebody before marrying, the less likely the marriage is to end in divorce.	1
You begin to feel thirsty when your body losses 1% of water	1
In order to make a living, Wollstonecraft, her sisters, and Blood set up a school together in Newington Green, a Dissenting community.	0
1991, Best Supporting Actor in a Television Series or Mini-Series or Television Special: L.A. Law (Nominated)	0
It was reported in January 2008 that they had previously broken up.	0
In the cavalry the rank continued until 1945 as a company level title.	0
On the March 17 edition of Raw, Hart and Sid faced off in a Steel Cage match for the WWF title.	0
• Cattle produce about 25 billion pounds of meat each year.	0
From the History of Tarnowskie Góry (Z dziejów Tarnowskich Gór.)	0
Scarves are the easiest object to learn juggling with, rings are the easiest prop to juggle with in large number as they’re light and its easy to hold several, and clubs are easier than balls to juggle with on a unicycle because they require less accuracy to catch.	1
In 1952, Hamilton coached the U.S. Olympic track and field team in Helsinki; in 1953, he was the U.S. track and field coach for the Maccabean Games in Israel; and in 1965, he coached the U.S. team in the USA-USSR meet.	0
she is humble, restrained and sure .	0
On 26th January 2015, a drone crashed onto the White House lawn and the pilot faced charges which were later dropped due to it being an accident.	1
Grand Mosque of Surabaya or Al-Akbar Mosque, the largest mosque in East Java.	0
In , Rob Mariano won a Chevrolet Colorado, and Amber Brkich—who Rob brought on the reward—received a Chevrolet Malibu as a bonus for being brought on the reward	0
In "Mommy Dearest", Sam and Dean ask Lenore to reveal the location of Eve.	0
The Player of the Year award was given to Pádraig Harrington.	0
She is from Malvern, Worcestershire, England.	1
Blue holes are typically found on shallow carbonate platforms, exemplified by the Bahama Banks, as well as on and around the Yucatán Peninsula, such as at the Great Blue Hole at Lighthouse Reef Atoll, Belize.	0
In 1941, there were only 11 functioning democracies in the world.	1
However, Hungary was a Communist country at the time and professional boxing was not permitted.	0
His father was the president of a plumbing company, but sadly passed away in a car accident in 2001.	1
Hugging for 20 seconds releases oxytocin, which can cause you to trust someone more.	1
Brown sugars contain more vitamins and minerals than granulated sugars (white table sugars), according to nutritional information listed in the USDA Nutrient Database.	1
, website – An account of an RV trip to Northwest Angle from Washington, DC	0
France paid the highest taxes in Europe in 2016, with a real tax rate of 57.53%.	1
On January 1, 2002, as part of the 2002–2006 municipal reorganization of Montreal, it merged with the city of Montreal to become part of the borough of Dorval–L&apos;Île-Dorval.	0
During his tenure at the Tokyo Imperial University, he sent many Japanese artifacts to the Pitt Rivers Museum at Oxford.	0
In 1066 at The Battle of Hastings, Taillefer, the warrior-bard of William the Conqueror, performed a simple juggling trick with his sword, throwing it and catching it then killing an English soldier, claiming the day’s first kill.	1
"Critically endangered Arabian leopards Panthera pardus nimr persist in the Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve, Oman".	0
An Australian wrestler who has a merciless attitude in the ring.	0
Human tapeworms can grow up to 22.9m!	1
Her first solo tour was the Dangerously in Love tour that took place in 2004.	1
The wasps from the Pteromalidae family are the most speciose: Acophila microcarpae, Eufroggattisca okinavensis, Meselatus bicolor, Micranisa degastris, Odontofroggatia corneri, Odontogroggatia gajimaru, Odontogroggatia galili, Odontofroggatia ishii, Philotrypesis emeryi, Philotrypesis okinavensis, Philotrypesis taiwanensis, Sycoryctes moneres, Sycoscapter gajimaru, Walkerella kurandensis.	0
Katy first met Russel Brand by throwing a bottle at him – awkward.	1
It also recurs in a number of later works without other connection to King Arthur.	0
The immigrants were given tax-free lands on which to build their homes, the community was granted a rice stipend from the government to help support it, and the people of Kumemura soon came to bear great status and prestige in the royal government, though the community as a whole functioned somewhat independently of any of the three kingdoms.	0
here, preying on plentiful deer and playing an important role in the ecosystem.	0
This was owed as much to the rivalry between Ongaro and other labor leaders, as to the "divide and conquer" strategy pursued by Labor Minister Rubens San Sebastián (who made the schism inevitable by refusing to certify Ongaro's election).	0
The album's title consists of two opposing parentheses; it has no other official title, though members of Sigur Rós have referred to it as "Svigaplatan" ("The Bracket Album").	0
Frequent jet lag can damage memory – Stress hormones released during jet lag can damage the temporal lobe and memory.	1
He and long-term partner Vanessa Paradis have two children together – Lily-Rose Melody Depp (1999) and John Christopher “Jack” Depp III (2002).	1
Kagame's relations with the US and UK have come under strain in the early 2010s, following allegations that Rwanda is supporting the M23 rebel movement in Eastern Congo.	0
Chagatai language, extinct Turkish language once widely spoken in central Asia	0
In 1986 the Salorn Breed was officially established, with precise	0
The blood used on the set of Sweeney Todd, had to be orange to render properly on the de-saturated color film.	1
He retired to the south of France until 1995 when he returned to Britain and married American opera singer Gayle Brinkerhoff.	0
Questar does not produce their own optics.	0
The military works were the first type of infrastructure built by the Romans in Hispania, due to the confrontation on the peninsula with the Carthaginians during the Second Punic War.	0
In the same year he founded the film studio "Novissima-Film", and produced some visionary Futurist films including Thais (also known as Perfido incanto).	0
Killer whales are not whales at all, rather a species of dolphin.	1
National and local advertising revenues have fallen drastically, causing many media companies nationwide to fold or seek bankruptcy protection.	0
In October 2010, the NFL announced Miller had been hired as a spokesperson for the 2010-2011 season, with duties including hosting the NFL International Series game between the San Francisco 49ers and Denver Broncos in London.	0
Nikola Tesla was born on July 10th, 1856 during a lightning storm in the Austrian Empire, which today is now Croatia.	1
Noah is the 10th generation descendant of Adam.	1
Encounter competition between bears and cougars: Some ecological implications.	0
The robin is synonymous with Christmas due to the British Postmen wearing big red tunics resembling red robins.	1
A baby swan is called a cygnet.	1
The early cattle were driven to follow forage and water availability and then to slaughter.	0
Generally, lions are calm, quiet and elusive.	0
All European and American wild donkeys are either descendants of the original group at Zoo Basel or of 12 others that came from the Yotvata Hai-Bar Nature Reserve in Israel in 1972.	0
If v is a vertex in S 2k with k i with i ≤ 2k+1 2j .	0
In: Proceedings of the 6th ISSA Conference on Argumentation / Frans H. van Eemeren et al.	0
He can play both the piano and the guitar.	1
The word ‘chillax’ and ‘whatevs’ are now actual words in the dictionary.	1
In the reign of Charles I the term was used during Wars of the Three Kingdoms to refer derisively to a radical faction of the Scottish Covenanters who called themselves the "Kirk Party" (see the Whiggamore Raid).	0
The Lost Mine: 21 January 1990	0
It is found in Bolivia and Peru.	0
Most trace fossils are usually readily identified by reference to similar phenomena in modern environments.	0
He is decidedly in favour of maintaining ancient Roman liturgical customs and rejects recent modifications.	0
On April 2, 2010, the American Wolves traveled to Squared Circle Wrestling (2CW) and won the 2CW Tag Team Championship from Cheech and Cloudy in Watertown, New York.	0
In Cape Town, hundreds of Muslims will gather at Green Point in the evening of the last day of Ramadan each year for the sighting of the moon.	0
Elise Primavera – The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls	0
There were 129 housing units at an average density of 200.1/sq mi (77.8/km 2 ).	0
In the middle of May his associate Alexander Macklin, who was in Canada negotiating the purchase of dogs, received a telegram notifying him that the destination was now to be the Antarctic; a varied programme of exploration, coastal mapping, mineral prospecting and oceanographic research in southern waters had been substituted for the Beaufort Sea venture.	0
Stevenson continued to lampoon Peale on the campaign trail in speeches for JFK.	0
In 1894, Abegg worked as an assistant to Walther Nernst, one of the founders of physical chemistry and, at the time, Professor of Physical Chemistry.	0
The world’s largest candy cane was created in 2011 and was 63 feet tall.	1
Adult leopards are solitary and territorial and will only associate long enough to mate.	1
The brain of a dolphin is bigger than the brain of a monkey.	1
She won a British Academy Film Award for Best Original Screenplay and was nominated for Best Film.	0
The primate world contains some pretty odd specimens, but perhaps none more strange-looking than the Proboscis monkeys.	1
The army later on appears to be armed with FN FAL/AK-47/Heckler &amp; Koch G3 (it is hard to tell which) rifles and wears German style helmets.	0
Modern packing plants have tried to decrease stress at the time of slaughter to reduce the adrenalin in the muscle tissues, which toughens the meat and gives it an off-putting flavor.	0
Tom has a tattoo on his side that reads Rock ‘n’ Roll.	1
He discusses the case with his wife (Vivien Merchant) in several scenes of comic relief concerning her pretensions as a gourmet cook.	0
He spent his entire 13-year career with the Lakers and won five NBA championships.	0
Peter Scolari took over as Wayne Szalinski, and Nick and Amy both returned as characters, roughly the same age as in the original film, and played by new actors.	0
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, OTW = Overtime Wins, OTL = Overtime Losses, L = Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, Pts = Points	0
Population of Prince Edward Island since 1851	0
She continued, “A lot of times there are things we can do to prevent accidents just by knowing a cow’s natural behavior.”	0
The Balanced Flight/Controlled Spin Projectile bullet patent has been questioned/disputed by the German physicist Lutz Möller.	0
This breed has been used in creating several hybrid beef breeds such as Beefmaster, Brahmousin, Brangus, Simbrah, and Brahford.	0
is a deliberate homage to and update of the original Battlezone which features wire-frame raster graphics and a flat playing field.	0
In the vineyards, the managing partners of Château Cantemerle brought over teams of Mexican vineyard workers from California to assist in grafting and replanting the vineyards.	0
1 / 12: "Honky Tonk Mind (The Woman I Need)"	0
Kittens (also called cubs) weigh just over a pound at birth.	0
Need for Speed II was developed by EA Canada.	0
The most expensive Starbucks drink is called Quadriginoctuple Frap - it has 48 shots of caffeine and costs $47.30.	1
It was the most highly-decorated female unit in the Soviet Air Force, each pilot having flown over 800 missions by the end of the war and twenty-three having been awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union title.	0
Due to the lack of gravity in space, astronauts can grow approximately two inches (5 cm) in height.	1
(or with any other fixed real number > 1 in place of 2).	0
Hanover had about 1,800 houses, whereas London had 100,000.	0
The cere and gape are yellow, but the bill is black (unlike in the yellow-billed kite).	0
Romans used Grévy’s zebras to pull two wheeled carts for their circuses.	1
Finally getting spearheads along the Don from the north and the south, parts of the 62nd Army were trapped near Kalash.	0
One of every ten of Sun Valley residents aged 25 and older had earned a four-year degree by 2000, a low percentage for both the city and the county.	0
He was buried in the City Cemetery at South Bend, Indiana.	0
Above the reservoir, its water quality is closely monitored, not only for its role in the city's water supply but to preserve its local economic importance as a recreational resource.	0
The Apple App Store is 10 years old today.	1
The Wizards Project researchers named these people "Truth Wizards".	0
The gunman, who was later identified as Jack Twinning, then turned and fired once at Gore, who returned fire.	0
However, Atkins gave several differing accounts of the murder of Hinman; at times claiming that she killed Hinman, Manson killed Hinman or that Beausoleil killed Hinman.	0
He has a thing for older women and has a crush on the Stray Sheep's waitress, Erica, whom he eventually starts dating.	0
Following a tradition that began with G.W.F.	0
Higgins originally joined Fianna Fáil in UCG while a mature student; he switched to the Labour Party shortly thereafter.	0
At her feet lie various instruments of music, broken and unstrung.	0
The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 14,000 in 2001 commune census.	0
It is possible to heat this beverage and add lemon to it to make a hot drink.	1
Cattle offer the commercial cattleman ease of calving, earlier growth, good early weight gains and mostly muscle.	0
Astronaut’s space suits worn inside the spacecraft are orange but they must be changed before going outside to the iconic thick white alternatives.	1
On his way to the hospital, he vows to his son to spend more time with him and never hurt him again.	0
The “butterflies” you get in your stomach when you see someone you like is actually a stress response called adrenaline.	1
Due to their high position in the food chain and the subsequent accumulation of heavy metals from their diet, mercury levels can be high in larger species such as bluefin and albacore.	0
Wierzbno, Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)	0
The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed most.	1
She attended the same private Manhattan high school as Nicky and Paris Hilton!	1
The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.	1
They are options for direct current output for battery charging and power inverters to convert the power back to AC but at constant frequency for grid connectivity.	0
2007 : Incendies by Wajdi Mouawad, Théâtre National de Bretagne	0
In 1985, Watts left Masterworks and signed a recording contract with EMI, with whom he recorded until the early 1990s.	0
The Global MBA is a specialized MBA in international business with an intensive concentration in either finance or marketing.	0
Calogero breaks down, proclaiming his love and dedication to Sonny, whereupon Sonny recognizes Calogero's innocence and allows him to leave.	0
The motion picture logo has gone through many changes over the years:	0
There are more than 300 different horse breeds in the world.	1
There are also 2 verses in Dutch.	0
In the last 5th (or 3rd) set the change of sides takes place when one team reaches 8 points.	0
Purple symbolizes the gay community in many Western cultures.	1
Lois Griffin hates the sound of Bubblewrap squeaking.	1
The magazine features information on video games, manga, and light novels.	0
In the wild, pineapple plants can live &amp; fruit for up to 50 years.	1
Telegraph Hill was for many years covered by market gardens also owned by the Worshipful Company of Haberdashers.	0
Tuesday is the day of the week that is least likely to have a Christmas Eve on it.	1
Educare au pairs may work no more than 10 hours per day, and a maximum of 30 hours per week.	0
Image:World population growth rate 1950–2050.svg|Estimated global growth rates, 1950–2050.	0
Soluble calcium and phosphorus decrease by 5%, thiamin and vitamin B12 by 10%, and vitamin C by 20%.	0
The play won the Brickenden Awards for Best Ballyhoo, Best Actor and Best Director.	0
The tribe ceded most of its land to the U.S. government in the 1854 Treaty with the Umpqua and Kalapuya, agreeing to move to a reservation in Lincoln County as part of the Confederated Tribes of Siletz.	0
He was Undersecretary of State for the Colonies in the Chautemps government of 1937-1938.	0
The mountain Popocatépetl represents a man kneeling down weeping next to the mountain Izaccíhuatl which represents a woman lying down sleeping.	0
There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.	1
Manicouagan Reservoir, formed when the Manicouagan impact crater was converted to a reservoir.	0
JB’s birthday is 7th December 1986, which makes his star sign Sagittarius.	1
Make sure children are inside before dusk and not outside before dawn.	0
Dodrio is based on the dodo, a flightless bird, however it is able to learn Fly.	1
Massey was a believer in spiritual evolution; he opined that Darwin's theory of evolution was incomplete without spiritualism:	0
Though, Mr. Kennedy in his promos following that match, claimed he had put Cena out of action.	0
Grand Cayman is about 22 miles long and 4 to 8 miles wide and pretty much at sea level.	1
Mobile phones and their parts were both imported and exported in large numbers, while in the natural resources market, crude oil was a top-ranking export and high levels of iron and steel were imported during this period.	0
It is threatened by habitat loss.	0
The city continued to grow as an important cultural center, supported by the trade of precious metals from Peru.	0
There is a 107 room lodge, which includes unlimited access to the hot springs and a full hot breakfast for all guests.	0
The Athenians and her allies, despite their early successes, were bogged down in their siege of Lamia.	0
She started 14 of her 15 matches (playing 1249 minutes) in 2011.	0
Hiatus concretions are also often significantly bored by worms and bivalves (Taylor and Wilson 2001).	0
Glenn Rhee in The Walking Dead was Steven’s second television acting role, and by far his most popular.	1
Morgan feels that John's storyline ended too soon, and wishes to return for a future season.	0
Sharpe was also involved in designing and altering several domestic buildings.	0
However, the construction of Interstate 270 facilitated a population boom, spearheaded by the acquisition of major corporate headquarters such as Ashland Inc and Wendy's International.	0
Rebecca Corbett, who was Simon's former editor at the Baltimore Sun and now works at the New York Times, had a recurring role.	0
Chevery ( ) is the administrative centre of the municipality, located at the mouth of the Nétagamiou River.	0
|align=left valign=top|Pakistan Muslim League (Zia-ul-Haq Shaheed)	0
On Frias' eighth bout, he won once again by a technical decision, defeating Basilio Onate in two rounds, on September 2, 1976, also in Los Angeles.	0
1 in 14 doctors faces a malpractice suit in the U.S. every year, and almost every physician will face a malpractice suit during his career.	1
The film begins with a video documentary by Dr. David Kruipen, a research scientist in the Canadian Arctic.	0
Nick Tart – lead vocals (2004–present)	0
Instagram debuted on October 6, 2010.	1
The majority 70% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 15% receives their livelihood from raising livestock.	0
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the Swiss People's Party (SVP) which received 52.1% of the vote.	0
Guri, a nickname for Tibetan activist Jigme Gyatso	0
Blockbuster’s CEO John Antioco was approached in 2000 by Netflix’s CEO Reed Hastings about forming a partnership with their company, Reed proposed to them that they would run Blockbusters brand online and in return, Blockbusters runs the Netflix brand through their stores, but then John Antioco just laughed in their face – but who’s the last one laughing now – because Netflix is now a nationwide brand, while Blockbuster had to file for bankruptcy.	1
A four person gondola is situated next to the train station for easy access to Verbier and the ski slopes above.	0
Image:Maison Lord-Atholstan 02.jpg|Lord Atholstan's House on Sherbrooke in the Golden Square Mile	0
CDR Collins and his wife Judy Collins had taken part in the triathlons staged in 1974 and 1975 by the San Diego Track Club in and around Mission Bay, California, as well as the 1975 Optimist Sports Fiesta Triathlon in Coronado, California.	0
Claude Nau (died 1605), secretary of Mary, Queen of Scots	0
Covington is a city in and the parish seat of St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.	0
Maria Guida (born 23 January 1966 in Vico Equense) is an Italian long-distance runner.	0
Aperture synthesis is now also being applied to optical telescopes using optical interferometers (arrays of optical telescopes) and aperture masking interferometry at single reflecting telescopes.	0
A report on the security of royal tombs in the Theban Necropolis commissioned during the troubled reign of Ramses IX noted that it was then intact, but its location was not specified.	0
Spears revealed that the song was about her split with her ex-fiancé, Jason Trawick, in early 2013.	0
First goal of the season: Ramy Rabie for Al-Mokawloon against El Geish, 5 minutes.	0
LaSalle is a commuter rail station on the AMT Candiac Line in the borough of LaSalle in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	0
Because of its vulgarity, the word is euphemized as schmoe, which was the source of Al Capp's cartoon strip creature the shmoo.	0
It is the least able to adapt to its environments.	1
Today Švankmajer is one of the most celebrated animators in the world.	0
To promote their second album, the band enclosed golden tickets inside 12 copies of ‘A Beautiful Lie’, which allowed the 12 lucky people to get into any concert for free, along with backstage access.	1
Their home stadium is Stade Municipal de Guider.	0
Leopards can leap up to 6 meters horizontally and 3 meters vertically.	1
Before she could be returned to her owners, the vessel was requisitioned again, this time for use as a troop transport supporting the British Commonwealth Occupation Force (BCOF).	0
Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.	1
Another group of about 1,200 Thrace Jews was moved to Salonika and then sent to Auschwitz.	0
"Tamashii no soko kara" ("From the depths of the soul") for shakuhachi, Sozan C. Kariya - shakuhachi, *"Japan: Shakuhachi & Koto" Air Mail Music 2008	0
1977 - Valter Biiber, Estonian footballer (b.	0
General Santander Stadium (Estadio General Santander) is a multi-purpose stadium in Cúcuta, Colombia.	0
Hans Sponeck was to serve as an example to those who disobeyed Hitler's new order of no retreat.	0
Charles Alderton is the man behind the invention of the Dr. Pepper drink.	1
We just said, 'we're gonna finish it—it's so catchy because it won't get out of our heads.'"	0
On arrival, it was reinforced by the 1st and 4th Parachute Brigades.	0
The southern prong was soon drawn into fighting further south and the commander of the northern prong, Lieutenant General Sir Adrian Carton De Wiart, who pushed through to the fjord, found his troops shelled by destroyers, attacked from the air and by ski troops, with German ships landing soldiers in his rear.	0
He then made it to his third straight fourth round in a Major at the 2006 US Open, losing to James Blake.	0
The mountains on Titan, Saturn’s largest moon, are named in honour of Tolkien’s work!	1
Seven AAA sites, 14 early warning radar sites and two GCI radar signals were detected.	0
The Lotus fruits are a conical pod with seeds contained in holes in the pod.	1
1983 - Emiri Katō, Japanese voice actress and singer	0
He also won five medals at the 2009 championships in Dartmouth (Gold: C-1 4 x 200 m, Silver: C-1 200 m, C-1 500 m, C-4 200 m; Bronze: C-2 1000 m), the most among any Canadian canoer at the championships.	0
JLS’ official Twitter profile is @JLSOfficial.	1
Donkey Kong’s TV show ‘Donkey Kong Country‘, based on the SNES classic, Aired in France and the US in 1997 and 1998 respectively, lasted 2 seasons with 40 episodes.	1
His right arm is a cannon used to shoot an assorted variety of medication, including one that freezes any target.	0
While in Tokyo, Japan, the first phrase Justin learnt was “Can I have your phone number?” and then he learnt ‘I love you’.	1
Babar and the Adventures of Badou (Co-Original Programming)	0
History of rail transport in Italy	0
More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.	1
They are grinding out treaties like so many eager beavers which will have effects on the rights of American citizens."	0
Its lost pendant was a Lamentation over the dead ChristMadrid, Prado208/	0
Joey made up the word “numsay” which means “Know what I’m saying?“.	1
It started out in a local Antwerp Disco called 'Zillion' (which no longer exists, for a crowd of 2,000 people), and gradually moved to Flanders Expo in Gent (for a crowd of 8,000 people).	0
The largest Nike store is situated on Oxford Street in London and is a grand total of 42,000 square feet.	1
The ratio of the Ark, 30:5:3, was still used for shipbuilding until the 1900s.	1
The Italians are the team who have had the most World Cup draws with 21 draws altogether.	1
BTS donated seven tons of rice to charity in 2016 at the K-Star Road opening ceremony.	1
Until he died in 1953, Guccio Gucci personally managed the brand.	1
The pair were married the next day, on 18 August.	0
In 2006, he painted an image of a naked man clinging to the windowsill on a wall of a public family planning clinic.	1
The formation of the English word "swordsman" is parallel to the Latin word gladiator,	0
However, they do not love her so she does not speak with her father for the most part and lives in her own apartment.	0
Delphi proposes that these remaining plants will operate with wage reductions and workforce reductions.	0
The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney’s.	1
More than 200 skinheads had travelled by bus from East London, and a few of them smashed shop windows, wrote NF slogans around the area, and shouted neo-Nazi slogans while using bricks and clubs to attack Asian youths who had gathered in opposition to the gig.	0
Two other books about Huntington include History of Huntington County, IN by Frank Sumner Bash in 1914 (describing its historical progress, its people, and its principal interests) and Huntington County, IN: Histories and Families by Turner Publishing Company in 1993 as a result of the Huntington County Historical Society officers and board of directors meeting in the summer of 1992 to discuss the family history of Huntington, the glue that has held together the city and county of Huntington in the heartland of the Midwest for more than 175 years.	0
Covington – 0.25 μm process technology	0
Image:IE-Army-OF3.png|Irish Army commandant's subdued rank slide	0
– Nominated – Contemporary Pop Male Vocalist for MacArthur Park – 1968	0
There are at least 23 different shades of red crayons.	1
Ann Hampton Callaway, singer, lived in Winnetka and attended New Trier High School	0
Their music became freer, incorporating more elements from outside the jazz idiom, but remained entirely acoustic.	0
The movie Arsène Lupin contains some canne and savate.	0
Clemons was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	0
When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.	1
This battle was particularly devastating to its formations, however, since many members fought to the death out of fear of being captured by the Soviets.	0
Ewing arranged for them to operate from the coastguard station at Hunstanton in Norfolk, where they were joined by another volunteer, Leslie Lambert (later becoming known as a BBC broadcaster under the name A. J. Alan).	0
She was discovered on YouTube in 2011 when she was 14 years old by Dr. Luke, a renowned music producer that has worked with a large amount of famous artists including Miley Cyrus and Rhianna.	1
Tepotzlan is a “New Age” town famous for its pyramids and “revitalizing energy.” It was named a “Pueblo Mágico” in 2002.	0
However, from the house of Fingolfin eventually arose the Half-elves descended from Elrond, Elwing, Idril Celebrindal, in turn Turgon, then at last Fingolfin; and the Númenóreans from Elros, Eärendil, Tuor, Huor from the house of Hador.	0
Due to the demanding work schedule of The Walking Dead, Andrew didn’t need a trainer to stay in shape.	1
Hinduism provided central concepts of God's role in history, of man as the battleground of forces of virtue and sin, and of the potential of love as an historical force.	0
In 2011 it won the Copa de la Reina, its first national title.	0
As a child, he was allergic to chocolate.	1
A New Critical History of Old English Literature.	0
Warmblood registries which are not based in continental Europe include those that regulate the breeding of American Warmbloods and Irish Sport Horses.	0
The Communist forces were harassed by both the Kuomintang and its local warlord allies.	0
The blue whale weighs as much as thirty elephants and is as long as three Greyhound buses.	1
The Basin of Mexico became a well known site that epitomized the scene of early Classic Mesoamerican cultural development as well.	0
The Kuiper Belt is a region of the Solar System beyond the orbit of Neptune.	1
In the Mass of the Lord's Supper sufficient hosts are consecrated for the faithful to receive Communion both at that Mass and on the next day.	0
In 2005, Forbes Magazine named Jacobson one of the "The World&apos;s 100 Most Powerful Women" in acknowledgement of her success.	0
In 571, Narses removed many of the statues and ornaments.	0
The acronym now also stands for “Beyond the Scene.”	1
A version of this spar construction method is also used in the BD-5, which was designed and constructed by Jim Bede in the early 1970s.	0
Kuroha tells them that Iinuma's wife wants to meet Akira.	0
Freeman possesses incredible agility and strength, and is considered the strongest man in the world.	0
George Lucas attended the opening day of Disneyland at 11 years old.	1
Jam & Lewis Street Mix Edit – 3:23	0
In June, 1962, Austrian-American fashion designer Rudi Gernreich introduced a topless swimsuit called the monokini that generated a great deal of controversy in the United States and internationally.	0
The tritium gas is contained in a small glass tube, coated with a phosphor on the inside.	0
It won TV Quick’s Best New Drama award.	1
His ethnicity is mostly Italian and Native American, although he also has a bit of Puerto Rican and Dutch in his blood.	1
XBIZ Award, Best Supporting Actor, 2014, for The Temptation of Eve	0
Mount Everest base camp has 4G mobile coverage.	1
An instrumental version by Na Connerys.	0
In the Thai Solar Calendar, the color associated with Wednesday is green.	1
Eiholzer stressed the importance of safely handling calves in her presentation.	0
Cameron Diaz had no previous acting experience before she got the part in The Mask.	1
Since 2014, Russian and Chinese biologists collaborate in transboundary monitoring of the Amur leopard population.	0
Huddle credited his and his wife's survival to a last-minute upgrade to business class.	0
The full test consists of 38 plates, but the existence of a deficiency is usually clear after a few plates.	0
At the end of the year, Král switched to Josef Kaufmann Racing to contest the Formula BMW World Final, held in Valencia.	0
Only two cities have held the games on multiple occasions: Auckland (1950 and 1990), and Edinburgh (1970 and 1986).	0
Speakers of hard Kankanaey are from Sagada, Besao and the surrounding parts or barrios of the said two municipalities.	0
They can see clearly in both below and above the water.	1
A recording of this tour titled Elect the Dead Symphony was released February 23, 2010 in the USA.	0
Many comic adaptations have been created, such as Alice in Sunderland by Bryan Talbot.	1
Every month, YouTubers watch 6 billion hours of videos per month, and 4 billion videos every day.	1
Come May the tour was officially known as the Up In Smoke Tour, and Dr. Dre was promising fans "It's gonna be incredible.	0
The lifespan of a squirrel is 9 years	1
They pitch to me more...I see a lot of good pitches."	0
The average distance from Jupiter to the Sun is about 778 million KM, which is nearly 5.2 times the distance from Earth to the Sun.	1
Boas was known for passionately defending what he believed to be right.	0
In Asian folklore, the weretiger is seen as a horrific and terrifying creature, replacing the werewolf.	1
L VI:44 \ Violin Capriccio No.51 in G major	0
The earliest bronze archeological finds in Indonesia date from 1–2 BC, including flat plates probably suspended and struck by a wooden or bone mallet.	1
In December 2009, Youngblood announced that the bass guitarist Glenn Barry had officially left the band and had been replaced by the touring bass guitarist and an original Kamelot member, Sean Tibbetts.	0
And All That Could Have Been - Live Performances	0
He has released four albums as of May 2012.	1
The bipolar outflows in the image indicate that the system has angular momentum, which is very likely generated by an accretion disc.	0
Betsy the Vampire Queen (ISBN 0739461397 )	0
Shawn Mendes gained his popularity through video-sharing app Vine, where he would release six-second snippets of him singing renditions of popular songs.	1
In 1887 they managed to make their first semi-final of the Scottish Cup, losing out to Cambuslang by 10–1 scoreline, which is a joint record margin of defeat for the semi-final stage of the Scottish Cup.	0
According to the Vegetarian Resource Group, high-iron foods suitable for vegans include black-strap molasses, lentils, tofu, quinoa, kidney beans and chickpeas.	0
The population density was 243 people per square mile (94/km²).	0
Abandoned after the Vietnam War, although a 7 km section remains in use as a tourist attraction.	0
One bull for each twenty to thirty cows is usually recommended.	1
In May 2011, Los Tigres Del Norte MTV Unplugged was aired on MTV Tr3s.	0
Hayes likes a good adventure, and enjoys winter sports including snowboarding.	1
Sree Shivasharthi Mahaganapathi Temple, Thiruvanathapuram Kerala	0
He is well known for his hashtag #Notaracist	1
The Welsh have their own language, aptly named Welsh or Cymraeg, but only 11% in 2014 are fluent although 23% say they can speak some Welsh.	1
Igor Kolb (1977?–), principal dancer of Mariinsky Ballet	0
Dialog mit Haydn for two pianos and three orchestral groups (1982)	0
bar:1920 from: 6536 till:7229 text:"693" color:MI	0
The northern boundary of its occurrence commenced on the coast of the Sea of Japan at 44°N and ran south at a distance of 15–30 km (9.3–18.6 mi) from the coast to 43°10'N.	0
"An Analysis of Mountain Lion Predation Upon Mule Deer and Elk in The Idaho Primitive Area" Wildlife Monographs.	0
Plants can suffer from sexually transmitted diseases.	1
In the re-formation of Russian ballet companies after the death of Serge Diaghilev, Lichine became a charter member of Ballets Russes de Monte Carlo, founded in January 1932 by Col. Wassily de Basil, René Blum, and Serge Grigoriev.	0
The film received heavy promotion from not only TV stations such as MTV, which aired sneak peeks of the film every night after the "10 Spot", but a variety of websites including sites such as Perez Hilton, Myspace, and YouTube promoted the film.	0
Samsung initially sold noodles and other produce, it wasn’t until 1970 that the first electrical product was sold by Samsung; a 12 inch Black &amp; White TV.	1
He was born on 21st September 1947, in Portland, Maine.	1
Harper’s Weekly began featuring pictures of couples kissing under the mistletoe during the mid to late 1800’s.	1
11:00 - 13:00 - Pas de midi sans info	0
Tunisia left Athens without a single Olympic medal, since long distance runner Mohammed Gammoudi claimed the Olympic title in the men's 5000 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.	0
The Silvaner is usually not matured in barrique barrels.	0
"Suddenly" had little chart success until it was used on television soap opera, Neighbours for the wedding of characters Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan) and Charlene Mitchell (Kylie Minogue).	0
37633 - under restoration to airworthiness by Robert Kropp in Mesa, Arizona.	0
There are more than 500 species of carnivorous plants.	0
Cloyster is the only Ice-type Pokémon in the purple colour group.	1
Hailey refuses to go back but is eventually fired and Jimmy convinces her to return to Newport.	0
Sha already possessed its current form in Saints Cyril and Methodius's Glagolitic alphabet.	0
William Cadbury (Grandson of Richard Cadbury, the founder of Cadbury) commissioned the design of the Cadbury logo in Paris 1905 by French designer George Auriol.	1
Hovhannes V (1665–1667), restored -- Հովհաննես Ե Թութունճի	0
The Middle Paleolithic (or Middle Palaeolithic) is the second subdivision of the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age as it is understood in Europe, Africa and Asia.	0
In the Microcosmus Godfrey compared sensuality, imagination, reason and intelligence to the respective four classical elements, earth, water, air and fire.	0
Coca-Cola’s big red Christmas truck, a modern icon of Christmas, has its own twitter account @ChristmasTruck; this was tweeted more than 57 million times in 2013.	1
Theraesa Rivers, Lucia Mace, Arturo Rojas, Maria Sandoval, and David Blair	0
Who drummer Keith Moon (for the rest of the Quadrophenia tour) changed one of the lyrics to the song "Bell Boy" from "remember the gaff where the doors we smashed" to "remember Montreal at the hotel we trashed" or variations of the band being arrested.	0
We're just doing it because we want to do it.	0
That awkward moment when a woman with fake hair, fake nails, fake butt, fake breasts, and drawn-on eyebrows says she wants a "real" man.	1
Clubs are not required to close at a fixed time on the weekends, and many parties last well into the morning, or all weekend.	0
Mayakshetra evolved into Mayanad and finally to Wayanad.	0
Cougars leave scat near scrapes, along trails, in arroyos, under overhangs, in caves, and near kills.	0
In Saudi Arabia, the Starbucks stores are built with a wall to separate women and men, and the woman was removed from the logo.	1
1995 Concierto Omaggio a Paganini (concerto for guitar and violin)	0
At age 15, Brent signed with the Cambridge Winterhawks Jr.B.	0
The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.	1
Cougar kittens, or cubs, have blackish-brown spots on their body and dark rings on their tails that fade, as they get older.	1
List shows the top ten skaters sorted by points, then goals.	0
Critics of these perspectives often identify advocates with the label "relativism".	0
Sweden borders Norway and Finland, and is connected to Denmark by a bridge-tunnel across the Øresund.	0
Churchill’s version gets the date wrong, and fails to mention the presence of David Margesson, the government Chief Whip.	0
Light My Fire (1969) (Live Rome Italy May 1969)	0
Her mother died of cancer at the age of 46.	0
On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.	1
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.	1
While dingoes are unique to Australia, the United States has the pariah dog, which could be considered to be a version of the dingo.	1
These two properties, and this land, were owned by the Burdett family and the path was useful when the family moved to Knowle Hill whilst building work was in progress and they would still have needed to visit St Saviour's church which the family built in 1662.	0
The last player to wear a flapless helmet was the Florida Marlins' Tim Raines in 2002 (career began in 1979).	0
McCulloch also posited the concept of "poker chip" reticular formations as to how the brain deals with contradictory information in a democratic, somatotopical neural network.	0
He returned the Warriors to the Western Conference final the following year, but was defeated by the Phoenix Suns, who then lost to the Boston Celtics in the finals.	0
In IGNs 2011 list; Top 100 Comic Book Heroes of All Time, Batman was only pipped to the top spot by co-star Superman.	1
Whitney’s first acting role was as the star of the film The Bodyguard, which was released in 1992.	1
The latest wing was closed to the public in 2009 to allow the expansion and restoration of the Lenbachhaus by Norman Foster; the 1972 extension was demolished to make way for the new building.	0
Best Performance by a Supporting Actor in a Series	0
Derek Burton and Gered Mankowitz - Cover Design	0
"A case of cannibalism in leopards" (PDF).	0
He was prone to verbosity and coining obscure words without providing definition for the reader.	0
He befriended both Agostino and Annibale Carracci.	0
The North Dakota Quarterly, a literary journal, is edited at UND.	0
In 2009, Jay McGuiness graduated from Midlands Academy of Dance and Drama.	1
Marilyn Manson presented The Cure with the MTV Icon Award in 2004.	1
In 2013, Arabian Business recognized the bank as Regional Bank of the Year.	0
The following season the club reached the promotion play-offs again, beating Murcia 2-1 to achieve promotion to La Liga for the first time in their history.	0
A variety of fresh water turtle, hickatees are found in the fresh water and brackish ponds around the islands.	0
Tanja La Croix featuring Andy P - "Hard To Handle"	0
from American Studies at the University of Virginia	0
Beyoncé was also labelled the accolade of ‘Highest Paid Performer Per Minute in the World’ after netting a cool £1.25 million for a five-minute performance at a private New Year’s party in St. Barts in 2010.	1
Charles Sackrey & Geoff Schneider Being an Introduction To Certain of The Ideas of Karl Marx Designed Especially For Those To Whom It Has Been Suggested That Marx Has Nothing To Say To Them About The World In Which They Live.	0
Ole Bull bought the island of Lysøen in Os, south of Bergen, in 1872.	0
Other proposed subgenera - the small Elachista (Dibrachia) and Elachista (Hemiprosopa) - are here included in the species of unclear relationships; like some small species-groups, they stand a chance of rendering the two larger subgenera paraphyletic if accepted as distinct, but seem too unlike them to warrant placement in either.	0
Several non-aligned peace groups who had distanced themselves from the WPC advised their supporters not to sign the Appeal.	0
The table is set with the finest china and silverware to reflect the importance of the meal.	0
Ashton loves going to Ikea and playing on the furniture.	1
Naren Kumar will start in the Production Car World Rally Championship (P-WRC) series run alongside the regular WRC series.	0
The oldest red robin ever recorded was 13 years old.	1
One end of the compensating chain (typically roller chain) is suspended from the underside of the counterweight arbor, the opposite end mounted to the adjacent wall, at a point corresponding to half the travel of the arbor.	0
Even though Jared Leto is a Hollywood actor, he prefers not to use this position to promote the band.	1
James Eric Drummond, 7th Earl of Perth (1876–1951), titular (Jacobite) 13th Duke of Perth, 12th Viscount of Strathallan	0
His father, Arthur Reuel Tolkien, was an English bank manager who died of rheumatic fever.	1
To take care of their herds, powerful male dolphins occasionally rape weaker males!	1
In the eastern pacific it can be found anywhere from central Mexico to Southeastern Alaska.	0
The third season of the show was produced by Reveille Productions and Deedle-Dee Productions, both in association with NBC Universal Television Studios.	0
These improvements included a front air dam, roof fairings over the pantograph openings, membranes to cover the space between the cars, and a flush-mounted windshield.	0
Asakura v. City of Seattle, 265 U.S. 332 (1924).	0
Backup systems differ from fault-tolerant systems in the sense that backup systems assume that a fault will cause a data loss event and fault-tolerant systems assure a fault will not.	0
Swans are highly intelligent and remember who has been kind to them, or not.	1
Indifference to his cultural heritage is a crime.	0
After he was banned for life from the Soviet Hockey League in 1981, Hatuļevs became a taxi driver.	0
The Broad Breasted White turkey is bred for its meat.	1
Ants stretch when they wake up in the morning	1
During an interview with Manny Norte on ‘The Norté Show‘, Alicia Keys revealed that her 5 year old son Egypt composed and sung an untitled song.	1
Based on the similar bricks and tiles, it appears that there was a brick works in the area.	0
six qualifications which are: Certificate in French, Diploma in Commerce,	0
Luther's Second Cabinet (January – May 1926)	0
Noah’s first celebrity crush was Cameron Diaz due to her roles in popular rom-coms.	1
JJ sleep walks and sleep talks.	1
A Bumblebee Bat’s diet consists of mainly insects.	1
He enjoys growing grapes and wine making in Saint-Tropez.	1
Good bacteria in the Rumen helps soften and digest the cows food and provides protein for the cow.	1
The title 'Prince' was used for the King's son in Sinhalese generation in Sri Lanka.	0
1972: La convenzione / Paranoia (The convention / Paranoia)	0
OCaml is a free open source project managed and principally maintained by INRIA.	0
The first such game is Promethean: The Created for August 2006, based largely on Frankenstein and similar stories of giving the unliving life through alchemy.	0
Selena has said in Go Girl magazine that she would like invent ‘Pickle Flavored Gum’.	1
Clayton favored the extension of the charter for the Second Bank of the United States and his investigation of the Post Office Department led to its reorganization.	0
These devices are useful in monitoring damage from seismic events.	0
Like many southern ducks, the sexes are similar.	0
He has a cat called Bellini, which is also ginger.	1
She has at least fourteen tattoos.	1
Appalachian and Cumberland plateaus, birds occupy mixed forest of oaks and pines on southern and western slopes, also hickory with diverse understories.	0
His full name is Stephen John Emery.	1
Vaslui's 3–1 win against FK Liepājas Metalurgs in the UEFA Cup was the largest victory in Europe competition for the club.	0
Initially the flights were carried out mostly by the 1568th Polish Special Duties Flight of the Polish Air Force (later renamed No.	0
The term is also employed in experimental research in robotics, multi-agent systems and communication in computer networks.	0
In cold places, male penguins balance eggs on their feet and cover with belly flap to keep them warm.	1
On very agile appearance, undulating membrane almost seems like small legs.	0
Mercatino Conca borders the following municipalities: Auditore, Gemmano, Monte Cerignone, Monte Grimano, Sassocorvaro, Sassofeltrio, Tavoleto.	0
But as they struggle, Gore knocks open Kutchek's helmet, revealing his face; after recognizing each other, and after seeing Canary as a prisoner by Kadar's side, the twins escape from Kadar's fortress.	0
When Jytte Guteland, chairman of the party's youth league (SSU), called for the whole board to offer their resignation, he was the first to support her.	0
One of these, the parallel postulate has been the subject of debate among mathematicians for many centuries.	0
Sometime in the first century, the area around lake Garda, including what is now Desenzano del Garda, became a favourite vacation spot for the Veronese élite, Verona being one of the largest Roman cities in northeastern Italy.	0
The surface area of a brick is 79 cm squared	1
(Philip) Norman Evans (1854–1893), became a chemist after working for the firm	0
Conference Premier (level 5, 24 teams): The champions are promoted; next four compete in playoffs, with the winner gaining the second promotion spot.	0
The Earth is the only place in our solar system where a Solar Eclipse can happen.	1
American author Robert Cormier wrote a novel called The Chocolate War, due to its nature the book appeared in the American Library Associations “Top 100 banned/challenged books in 2000-2009”.	1
Besides providing the order of the Old Kingdom kings (albeit often obviously incorrectly) , it is the sole source to date of the names of many of the kings of the Seventh and Eighth Dynasties, so the list is valued greatly for that reason.	0
Two large, cream-colored spots on the top of the second segment of the tail make spiny lobsters easy to identify.	1
These beautiful bears can be found on the continents of North America and Eurasia, mostly around the North of the Arctic Circle.	1
The idea for Twilight came from a dream in which a male vampire thirsted for a young girls blood.	1
He hails from Brighton, in the United Kingdom.	1
YES has also featured original programs, some of which have won local New York Emmys.	0
Ovarian cancer is linked to the use of Johnson and Johnson's talc-based Baby Powder.	1
Thus, during most of his 84 years of life, Phocion occupied the most important Athenian offices.	0
In 2012, Michael’s favourite band was All Time Low.	1
He also championed what came to be called "old style prose," breaking free of the stylized formality of much Tang prose to a kind of writing more suited to argumentation and the expression of ideas.	0
I can say that if I have not been influenced by Western literature I would probably not have been able to write fiction, or at any rate not the kind of fiction in this collection.	0
In mobile games, 60% of all revenue came from only 0.23% of players.	1
During the churches first 12 months of the Church being re-established, they managed to gain 1,000 members.	1
Patti Stanger (born 1961), American television personality	0
An emetic, such as syrup of ipecac, is a substance that induces vomiting when administered orally or by injection.	0
Aaron Carpenter got verified on Instagram on 29th April 2015.	1
This area had been frequented by fishermen from Brittany since the early 16th century, which they called "le petit nord".	0
85% of women wear the wrong bra size	1
She later went on to say that "It's fairly obvious that Gordy's performance was inspired by Arnold Ziffel's precedent-setting work on the old TV series "Green Acres."	0
For the rapper, see Big Syke.	0
French India (Pondichéry, Chandernagor, Karikal, Mahé and Yanaon)	0
is a Japanese urban music singer-songwriter.	0
Bulls are capable of remaining profitable at stud to the age of 12 or more.	1
The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km²).	0
Marian Foik (6 October 1933 in Ruda Śląska – May 20, 2005 in Warszawa) was a Polish athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	0
Examples include bash and other shell scripts, and Python.	0
Good bacteria in the Rumen helps soften and digest the cows food and provides protein for the cow.	1
This move actually marked the second North American group of Ruthenian parishes to return to Orthodoxy.	0
In early October 2010, Guirado signed for fourth division club CD Ronda.	0
Imagine if it had been an influenza pandemic which, in the past, had a devastating impact on humans.	0
Overwhelmingly, red states have the highest rate of dog ownership while residents of blue states are more likely to keep a cat as a pet.	1
A cat’s brain is so quick that even a super-computer in 2015 couldn’t beat it.	1
St. Thomas More Academy (Catholic, 9-12)	0
The average hen lays 228 eggs a year!	1
Only Katharina Elisabeth von Bockenheim stayed in Heidesheim, where in 1844 she died at the great age of 95.	0
dedicated to global reduction of phantom limb pain for amputees	0
The films’ star Kristen Stewart (human Bella Swan), Robert Pattinson (vampire Edward Cullen) and Taylor Lautner (werewolf Jacob Black).	1
Traditionally, during Lent, foods such as eggs, flour, fat and sugar are not allowed to be eaten, so Shrove Tuesday was the day to use up the ingredients, and Pancakes are the best (and tastiest) way to use them up.	1
As there are no ropes, certain corner moves cannot be performed.	0
Treasury of Christmas Music for mixed voices with accompaniment ad lib	0
United States' Argus series tests and detonations	0
Dendrophobia is the fear of trees	1
For much of the summer, it had been expected that Rodriguez would be suspended for his role in the scandal.	0
Some belong to the standard language, while some do not.	0
The Grand Cayman Parrot (Amazona leucocephala caymanensis) also has a pink flush to its whitish forehead.	1
Lotus root is boiled and mashed in India and added to vegetarian kofta, paired with spicy sauces.	0
A crocodile can't stick out its tongue.	1
Although their Adobe glyph names are commas, their names in the Unicode Standard are g, k, l, n, and r with a cedilla.	0
There also seems to be some Basque gastronomical influence in the Antioquia region.	0
Twelve in Roman Numerals is XII.	1
He often panics the day before taping The Big Bang Theory, as he is worried that he will forget his lines.	1
The first known recipe of Angel Food Cake was published in 1878.	1
Panorpa americana Swederus, 1787 (USA: Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia)	0
There are 32 discarded nuclear reactors orbiting the earth.	1
Nicholas tries to stab her with a pronged pitchfork, but she shoots him in the thigh with a gun and manages to get inside the house with the gun in tow.	0
He would call people to his palace in the middle of the night.	0
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.	1
400 were officially deported by the government to Macau and Manila, but thousands of Japanese were pressured into moving voluntarily.	0
There is continuing critical debate about the status of the poem as it is now available to us.	0
This is done by filling the rocket completely with water, and then pressurizing it to at least 50% greater than anticipated pressures.	0
Groundation - We Free Again (2004), Young Tree	0
Robert Polidori (born 1951 in Montreal, Québec) is a photographer known for his architectural studies and frequent contributions to magazines and books.	0
However, she later dropped the complaint and her representative stated that the restraining order "had nothing to do with domestic violence."	0
Hot spares, double-parity RAID-Z (raidz2), improved RAID-Z accounting	0
But my vocal concept was that we approach singing like Sam and Dave did: he sings a line, I sing a line, we sing together."	0
A convention of Parti Acadien supporters, SANB members and other Acadians in 1979 produced a split on the issue of whether to vote to secede from New Brunswick or work for reform from within.	0
from: -2.588 till: -0.0117 color:pleistocene text:Pl.	0
Francis William ThringThird Officer24 years, 5 months1837	0
Much of the additional material first appeared in a supplement or appendix to the main work.	0
Hunt spun before the first lap was over, and second place went to Carlos Reutemann's Brabham.	0
On 28 December Colback scored a last minute goal in the fifth minute of injury time to salvage a 2–2 draw at Cardiff City.	0
One 64th of an Asankya Kalpa is called Antah Kalpa.	0
Bloody Fist Records was an independent record label based in Newcastle, Australia.	0
^ a b "Eastern Cougar Fact Sheet".	0
Dean, sent back in time by the angel Castiel, unknowingly brings Mary to Azazel's attention through his actions.	0
^ Qi, J.; Shi, Q.; Wang, G.; Li, Z.; Sun, Q.; Hua, Y.	0
Television miniseries Nominated – Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie	0
Some of these funds could in future be channelled towards funding development of infrastructure for which there is global demand.	0
Chocolate milk was invented in Jamaica.	1
This memorial plays recordings of the Voice Of Peace, including the station callsign in Nathan's voice and an explanation in both Hebrew and English.	0
the city has a wide variety of entertainment and leisure activities for families and individuals alike .	0
under the guidance of Frank Hinman Pierpont for the Monotype Corporation, and is based on a Gros Cicero face cut in the 16th century by Robert Granjon.	0
Supreme Leader Snoke is Kylo Ren’s boss.	1
The most poisonous fish in the world is the stone fish.	1
If so, this may suggest that Rachael is also a Nexus-7.	0
File:Yankee Stadium Aerial View.jpg|Aerial view of Yankee Stadium as it looked in its early years.	0
I²C, SPI, UART, FS USB 2.0, LIN, I²S, CAN	0
STAGE: Development of scenarios that include positioning forces, creating routes and waypoints, and assigning tasks or plans.	0
The first city to mint its own gold coins was Florence, Italy in 1252	1
Fanta Klare Zitrone was renamed Sprite in West Germany in 1968.	1
Autodesk stopped supporting Apple's computers in 1994.	0
The dam serves several purposes including the provision of hydroelectric power generation, water supply, flood control, irrigation and aquaculture.	0
The Mecklenburger is a warmblood horse bred in the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern region of north-eastern Germany.	0
The television station Guria TV, which broadcasts to the entire region, is also based in the city.	0
The numbers following each entry describe the sources, which are listed at the article's key, which assigns each source a number.	0
James “Jay” McGuiness was born on 24th July 1990.	1
The sea anemones sting each other repeatedly until one moves.	0
It has been depicted around the world at sacred sites, most notably at the Chalice Well in Glastonbury, England, and has been the subject of mystical speculation at several periods of history.	0
In 1624, the reformed Franciscan order arrived in Biecz from Zakliczyn, where a substantial reformation had recently occurred under the guidance of Friar Hipolit Łowicjan and Father Piotr Zielonacki.	0
Deon Filmer, Estimating the World at Work, a background report for World Bank's World Development Report 1995 on labor (Washington, D.C., 1995).	0
Also, 85% of the Bog Coppers life span is spent in the egg.	0
India has over 50 million monkeys	1
Even if you maintain a steady weight, scientists have found that Monday is the day of the week when you will weigh the most.	1
However, the remains of the Khmer Empire were in direct conflict with the growing power of Ayutthaya and the two became rivals rather than allies.	0
Van Gogh painted over 30 self-portraits.	1
Transformers was released in Region 1 territories on October 16, 2007, on DVD and the now defunct HD DVD format.	0
1995 : T.3 Le jour du Tsar,scénario Thierry Smolderen, éd.	0
The inventor Philipp Matthäus Hahn built the clock in 1776.	0
Each red blood cell lives an average of 4 months and travels between the lungs and other tissue 75,000 times before returning to bone marrow to die	1
It's about as tripped up as any video I've ever been involved in, and it was also realizing a dream of Charles', getting him in a hovercraft.	0
On August 8, 2007, following the death of Minister of National Education Mamadou Lamine Traoré in July, Sissoko was named Minister of National Education, while remaining Minister of Culture.	0
Superman, Spider-Man and Batman are the three most popular American superheroes known and beloved worldwide !	1
Most fire sirens are single tone and mechanically driven by electric motors with a rotor attached to the shaft.	0
In 1982 Afrika Bambaataa, introduced hip hop to an international audience with "Planet Rock."	0
At the time of its occupation by the Headquarters of the Army of Northern Virginia, the title to Violet Bank was held in deed of trust by Thomas Gilliam, Thomas Shore's grandson.	0
The most popular party was the PLRT which received 88 or 29.8% of the vote.	0
" "- Antoine Lafréry's (1512 - 1577) edition from 1572, digitalized by the National Library of Sweden in Stockholm	0
The 1st full length animated film was released by Disney Studios in 1937 (it was Snow White and the seven dwarfs)	1
The Maine-Anjou is one of the larger breeds developed in France, with mature bulls weighing from 2,200 to 3,100 pounds on the average.	0
Charlie couldn’t tell the time until he was 12 years old.	1
LGBT themes were found first in underground or alternative comics, often published by small independent presses or self-published.	0
Tom Hanks checks into hotels using the name of Scottish music hall singer Harry Lauder as an alias.	1
Grantham College of Education in Hong Kong	0
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times rated the film three stars out of a possible four, commenting: " Merchant and Ivory tell this story in a film so handsome to look at and so intelligently acted that it is worth seeing just to regard the production.	0
Berlin; London : Springer, 143–172.	0
Known as "Taffy 3", this small group comprised six escort carriers, three destroyers, and four destroyer escorts.	0
The average American will consume over 465 trees worth of paper over their lifetime	1
To accomplish this mission, the wing is equipped with the nation's fleet of U-2 Dragon Lady, RQ-4 Global Hawk unmanned aircraft, and the MC-12 Liberty reconnaissance aircraft and associated support equipment.	0
For me they are all the same.	0
A polygon made up of 29 sides is called an icosikaienneagon, enneacosagon or a nonacosagon.	1
The panicles are green to purplish.	0
In January 2016, Taylor tweeted saying he’s never been in love.	1
The Roman Emperor Caracalla slaughtered 20,000 Egyptians after they made a play mocking him.	1
recently employed spectral analysis and claimed that it confirmed the presence of Kondratiev waves in the world GDP dynamics at an acceptable level of statistical significance.	0
Laughing lowers levels of stress and strengthens your immune system	1
It was built and renovated in later periods (especially during the reign of Emperor Hongwu of the Ming Dynasty).	0
Highland "Dobby" Dobson (born 1942, Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae singer and record producer, nicknamed "The Loving Pauper" after one of his best known songs.	0
There were 3,465 housing units at an average density of 1,870.0 per square mile (722.0/km²), of which 52.9% were owner-occupied and 47.1% were occupied by renters.	0
A cat uses its whiskers to determine if a space is too small to squeeze through	1
Abdelghani gained 50 caps for Egypt, representing the nation at the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy and scoring its only goal of the tournament, a penalty in the 1–1 group stage draw against Holland.	0
A lancetfishes possesses a long and very high dorsal fin, soft-rayed from end to end, with an adipose fin behind it.	0
Thomas Boleyn, 1st Earl of Wiltshire and 1st Earl of Ormond (1477–1539) (extinct)	0
There is enough petrol in a full tank of a Jumbo Jet to drive the average car 4 times around the world	1
Ancient Chinese warriors would try to intimidate their enemies before battle by juggling!	1
This is a list of Prime Ministers of Albania since the Declaration of Independence of Albania in 1912.	0
Aki Ra, former Khmer Rouge conscripted child soldier	0
But once the last support party turned back at "Camp Bartlett" from where Bartlett was ordered southward, at least from the pole, Peary's claimed speeds immediately doubled for the five marches to Camp Jesup, and then quadrupled during the 2½ day return to Camp Bartlett—at which point his speed slowed drastically compared to that pace.	0
Her Twitter name is @ladygaga and she has over 35 million followers!	1
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.	1
When he had ceased to be a minister of State, Briçonnet retired to Rome for two years.	0
and its maximum depth is 7 m. The area around the lake housed a flourishing medieval town and is surrounded by many legends.	0
Originally mince pies were actually filled with meat and were oval to represent Jesus’ manger.	1
Eight types of word ("word classes" or "parts of speech") are distinguished in English: nouns, determiners, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, prepositions, and conjunctions.	0
In 1900, a Liverpool firm imported nineteen tons of embalmed cats from Egypt to use as fertiliser.	1
All known species are Oriental, Neotropical or Australasian.	0
Alotta, Robert I, "The Men of Mifflin" Shackamaxon Society, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States of America 1971	0
About 13.20% of families and 17.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.90% of those under age 18 and 14.30% of those age 65 or over.	0
She was canonized by Pope Saint John Paul II in 1998.	0
The table fork was invented in Romania.	1
Albin Polasek Museum and Sculpture Gardens, founded in 1961, located in Winter Park, Florida, USA	0
Elfsborg managed to win against FC Dinamo Bucuresti with 2-1 and a draw against AEK Athens, 1-1.	0
Females are the hunters of the pride as they are smaller, swifter, more agile and do not have heavy warm manes.	1
Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated hoofed animals.	0
Holetown, the first settlement in Barbados, was originally called Jamestown after King James I.	1
Her hit "Mercy Mr. Percy" can be heard on the radio in Mafia II.	0
The first season follows Sabrina as she tries to keep the balance between being a teenager and having magical powers.	0
There are only 3 sets of letters on a keyboard which are in alphabetical order (f g h, j k l, and o p)	1
Quincy Delight Jones, Jr. (born March 14, 1933) is an American record producer, conductor, arranger, composer, television producer, film producer, instrumentalist, magazine founder, record company executive, humanitarian, and jazz trumpeter.	0
Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.	1
This was a major achievement for its time by the state's first engineer-in-chief C. Y. O&apos;Connor, who committed suicide before the project was complete.	0
58.4% of 12th grade students were eligible for a matriculation certificate in 2006.	0
The homogenizing forces linking DNA sequences are thereby broken and the DNA sequences are free to evolve independently.	0
The Aggies finish their first Final Four appearance with their first national title.	0
Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.	1
These are organized by the Moroccan and Algerian States.	0
Females signal their readiness to mate by yowling or caterwauling.	0
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is Argent a Fir Tree Vert trunked proper issuant from a Mount of 3 Coupeaux of the second.	0
In the 1960s, most Americans didn't support the idea of a moon landing and thought the government was spending too much money on space.	1
After World War II palaeopathology began to be viewed in a different way: as an important tool for the understanding of past populations, and it was at this stage that the discipline began to be related to epidemiology and demography.	0
The Anglican Diocese of Cape Town, after a Synod held in Cape Town, on 20–22 August 2009, passed a resolution calling the Anglican Church in Southern Africa bishops to give pastoral guidelines for homosexual couples living in "covenanted partnerships".	0
After a few battles, Shaka gave Mzilikazi the extraordinary honour of being chief of the Khumalos and to remain semi-independent from the Zulu, if Zwide could be defeated.	0
Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.	1
Croatian (ISO 639-1 code: hr; ISO 639-2/3 code: hrv; SIL code: hrv)	0
Tom enjoyed watching Rosie and Jim as a kid.	1
The Elephant grass found in Africa is named so as it is 4.5 meters high and even elephants can hide in it!	1
The book has five segments: Fantine, Cosette, Marius, The Idyll in the Rue Plumet and the Epic in the Rue St. Denis, and finally, Jean Valjean.	1
In 1936 she was appointed an associate professor at Columbia University.	0
One of her best friends, Jennette McCurdy, accidentally made her phone number public.	1
Riane Eisler, The Chalice and the Blade (1987)	0
Gold Medal of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (1991)	0
In Salzburg, Austria a Timo appears in 1125/47 in the traditionsbuch (book of traditions) as a miles (knight) of the archiepiscopal ministerialage who functioned as burgrave and also as a merchant.	0
Orange Fanta is the 3rd largest selling soft drink in the world	1
Flies can react to an object it sees and change direction in less than 30 milliseconds	1
2010 - Jesinta Campbell (Universe - 2nd Runner up), Ashleigh Francis (Miss Australia World)	0
Magmar first appeared under the ownership of Blaine.	1
8.5 million tons of water evaporates from the Dead Sea every day	1
In Germany and Austria there are towns called Petting, Kissing, W**k and F**king.	1
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.	1
As they talk, the stone lightning bolt crumbles and Casshern appears to fall from the sky into the laboratory, which is now in ruins.	0
All clown fish are born male and some develop female reproductive organs when needed.	1
Sample: A recreation of , from notation by Doerflinger (1951) of Capt.	0
Sleeping position is determined by the current status of the cow in the group.	0
91% people skip the first slice of bread, just because it's ugly.	1
File:Ringed kingfisher hornopiren chile feb 2010 1.jpg|Ringed kingfisher near Hornopirén, Chile on Feb 7, 2010 (1 of 2)	0
Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, which drew more visitors to see the empty space than the actual painting.	1
The song was nominated for a Golden Globe and won the Grammy Award for Best Gospel Performance at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards.	0
The Red and White Song is a popular song sung by fans and played by the band at many NC State athletic events, especially at football and basketball games.	0
The 'black box' that houses an airplanes voice recorder is actually orange so it can be more easily detected amid the debris of a plane crash	1
Toward the end of his reign, forest-dwellers were openly offering meat and liquor to their devotees.	0
Large swarms have occurred most recently in 1989 and 1999.	0
The Paper Chase (film), a 1973 film based on Osborn's novel	0
Boyer won a stage in the 1991 Giro d&apos;Italia.	0
Additional side effects include low blood pressure related to vasodilation, transient apnea following induction doses, and cerebrovascular effects.	0
After the capture he was made Commander-in-Chief of Dominica before the island was definitely ceded to Britain by the terms of the Treaty of Paris in 1763.	0
The warlike tendencies of the Tartars also concerned the Pope, and he sent a papal nuncio to the Mongol Empire in an attempt to strike an agreement.	0
In their last group stage match, Italy needed a victory against France and Netherlands had to beat Romania or play at least a draw.	0
Even at only 10 parts of gold per quadrillion, the world's oceans are estimated to hold up to 16,534 tons (15,000 tonnes) of gold.	1
1975Ganton Golf ClubBernard Gallacher 289 (+5)2 strokesDale Hayes	0
Hyacinth Tungutalum, 62, Australian politician, heart attack.	0
Clérisseau served as a mentor to a generation of young architectural students who had won the prestigious Prix de Rome for study at the French Academy in Rome and guided the developing taste for the Antique in young French and British artists and gentlemen amateurs on the Grand Tour.	0
Evin Prison, a prison in north Tehran	0
As usual with Mercer, the composer wrote the music first, then Mercer wrote the words.	0
Leno's monologue paid tribute to those who lost their lives and to firefighters, police and rescue workers across the US.	0
He was the winner of the 800 meter run at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	0
The car then switched hands to Jo Bonnier who used it for two more races that year.	0
During the 18th and 19th centuries there had been uprisings of both black slaves and free blacks in the general area, and maroons had established settlements in Monte Oscuro, which provided great cover because of its dense tropical vegetation.	0
Male belugas in captivity can mimic the pattern of human speech, several octaves lower than typical whale calls.	0
File:Parque de Santa Ana.jpg|Santa Ana Park	0
This is due in part to the double layer coat which	0
The Jin dynasty ( , ;), was a dynasty in Chinese history, lasting between the years 265 and 420 CE.	0
The same plot was used in another animated series Free Willy, where the main character also talked.	0
"Fifty Years After the Fair" (demo, 1989)	0
Originally scheduled for February 1890, the trial was held over to May.	0
In a separate case, Suparatkam, another editor, was given a suspended six-month jail sentence and a one-year probation, after being found guilty by a Jakarta court for "spreading hatred" after he published headlines critical of the Indonesian government and then President Megawati Sukarnoputri.	0
The song peaked at number two on the Official Greek Airplay Chart and became the thirty-fourth most played tracks in Greece for 2012.	0
F3/c Livingston was killed in the December 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor while aboard the USS Oklahoma.	0
Because of this and the expensive nature of the ingredients, it was, despite popular perception, a rare and special dish in the African-American community.	0
At USA Today, Brian Mansfield highlighted that "the band pushes its musical limits with a coming-of-age tale that begins in a world that appears irreparably broken."	0
Your nose runs when you cry due to tears from your eyes draining into the nose.	1
Mentally talking to yourself during tasks is actually a good way to keep yourself focused.	1
In the original Japanese it is named Atlantia.	0
Sega also appears poised to be designing a streaming hybrid for use with household TVs, similar to OnLive from the system's hardware as evident from this patent issued by them on November 17, 2009.	0
Josephine Cochran invented the first dishwasher and patented it in 1886!	1
The name “Donkey Kong” comes from a mash-up of “King-Kong”- a Japanese phrase used across the country for a gorilla, and the first English word creator Miyamoto found to describe “Stubborn and dumb”.	1
Ruled jointly with Władysław I, Przemysław II and Bolesław II.	0
Barack Obama: Barack Obama worked in Baskin-Robbins as a teen, which sparked a lifelong distaste for ice cream.	1
mission on Lake Tefé into a town, which he named Ega; it was elevated to a city named Tefé in 1855 (but was known as Tefé before that time).	0
271 sailors lost their lives and only 132 were rescued.	0
With the co-hosts trailing 0–1 to a 48th-minute headed goal by Wayne Rooney, Dević's shot was hooked clear from behind the England goal-line by John Terry under the eyes of a fifth official standing beside the goal.	0
Contrary to popular belief, only one species of armadillo can curl up into a ball to defend itself against attacks.	1
The soundtrack was composed by David Arnold, played by the Sinfonia of London and conducted by Nicholas Dodd.	0
Mountain Lions are excellent jumpers and have been documented to leap horizontally 40 to 47 feet (12.2 - 14.3 m) and 10 to 18 feet (3 - 5.5 m) vertically.	1
Chevy Chase as Clark W. "Sparky" Griswold, Jr.	0
The Bird Sings with its Fingers (2001), four choreographic sketches for chamber orchestra	0
The Multiple Plastics Corporation manufactured a 1964 Camp Swampy playset, a tie-in with the cartoon TV show, with character figures accompanying the usual MPC toy GIs and military vehicles.	0
House At Indian Hill, Cincinnati, Ohio, 1996	0
After the 2007 census, Allas-Bocage had 186 inhabitants (24% greater than in 1999).	0
He has a dog called Sugar, who he once rescued.	1
The US flag has 13 stripes (representing the original 13 states)	1
Christopher Columbus was the first person to bring sugarcane to the New World.	1
Phillips-Matz, Mary Jane (1993), Verdi: A Biography, London & New York: Oxford University Press.	0
Clandestine Industries (Fashion), a merchandise line by Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy	0
East Midlands Trains cancelled all services in to and out of until 10:00 on 28 October.	0
QMJHL Humanitarian of the Year - Humanitarian of the Year: Konrad Abeltshauser, Halifax Mooseheads	0
In the TV series How I Met Your Mother, Barney Stinson asserts that Macchio's character, Daniel Larusso, in The Karate Kid isn't the "real" karate kid; instead, it's Johnny Lawrence, Daniel's nemesis in the film.	0
O poměru Cyrillčiny k nynějším nářečím (On the relationship of Cyrillic to the contemporary dialects) (1855)	0
When travelling at 80 kilometres per hour (50 miles per hour), cars use around half of their fuel just to overcome wind resistance!	1
He was a botanical illustrator at the Jardin du Roi in Paris.	0
Did you know that there are also black leopards?	0
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad"	1
Haksan Culture Company, founded in 1995, also produces domestic and imported comics and light novels, as well as TV animation and children's books.	0
He observed at Zimmerwald Observatory, near Berne.	0
Indeed, ramp's vitamin and mineral content did bolster the health of people who went without many green vegetables during the winter.	0
Jigglypuff is the only character to keep its original voice track through all three Super Smash Bros. games.	1
bar:1971 at:8630 fontsize:XS text: 8630 shift:(-8,5)	0
Sociological and cultural aspects of Tourette syndrome – for discussion of the discredited view that Mozart had Tourette syndrome	0
12 March – 9 April — 2011 South American Under-17 Football Championship in Ecuador	0
In winning eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games, Phelps took the record for the most first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games.	0
His Graecophile lifestyle, and his unconventional way of wearing the Roman toga, raised much opposition among the conservatives of Rome, led by Cato the Elder who felt that Greek influence was destroying old Roman culture and making the Roman men effeminate.	0
On the morning of 3 March, to their amazement, the defenders awoke to find that the Chinese had abandoned the siege.	0
Historically, Twin Oaks has expanded its housing when it has had a waiting list for a prolonged period by building new residences and expanding the stock of bedrooms available.	0
The 6th and 7th generations of the Eckert family operate retail, entertainment and farming entities in Belleville, Millstadt and Grafton, Illinois.	0
Like in Egypt, her image was featured most prominently on protective amulets.	0
Sayan-Khakassia have played in the highest division of Russian Bandy League for a long time.	0
Whilst social able, the males can be extremely territorial and urinate on plants and trees to mark their land.	1
On the top front of their mouths, cows have a tough pad of skin instead of teeth.	1
Matthew McConaughey is terrified of revolving doors.	1
She replied, 'Just a moment' and started to prepare his drink.	0
Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.	1
Best Picture at 2007 Fantastic Fest (USA)	0
She divides her time between Los Angeles and Astoria, Queens, New York.	1
He voted for the Secure Fence Act of 2006, building 700 miles (1,100 km) of physical barriers and expanding surveillance at the Mexico-United States border, and was a supporter of Senate Amendment 4775, a provision Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2007 which would have appropriated $1.8 billion for the construction of 370 miles of triple-layered fencing, and 461 miles of vehicle barriers along parts of the Southwest.	0
Cape Town, South Africa: Struik Publishers.	0
The year saw many firsts; in July, Tetsu Ikuzawa became the first Japanese ever to win a race in Britain, the first Mini Festival was run at Whitsun and the Mini-Seven Club ran the first ever all-saloon car meeting in February.	0
The Olympic flag was designed in 1913	1
The 505th PIR, assigned to jump on Drop Zone O, was scheduled to arrive ten minutes after the last serial of the 101st's drop.	0
By publishing shōnen manga, the magazine is targeted to young boys.	0
He reputably kept several of the gold teeth after filming finished.	1
Liam has size 8 UK shoes.	1
A review of its pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties and its efficacy in general anaesthesia."	0
For these reasons and others, it stands to say that wildlife experts in India are concerned about the future vitality of the country’s leopard population.	0
Game Informer states that the graphics are dazzling and the character models are beautiful especially when they are zoomed in on.	0
Each wrestler has three rope breaks to stop submission holds and pinfalls during the match.	0
As a result, four USAF commanders were relieved of their commands, numerous other USAF personnel were disciplined and/or decertified to perform certain types of sensitive duties, and further cruise missile transport missions from - and nuclear weapons operations at - Minot Air Force Base were suspended.	0
A year on Saturn would take almost thirty Earth years.	1
Tear gas is banned for use in international warfare, but is still legal to use in the U.S.	1
The river's name is a back-formation from the Old English name, its name is , with a long o. Rochdale however, is pronounced , with a short o.	0
In 1931, when Japan invaded Manchuria, Stimson, as secretary of state, proclaimed the famous "Stimson Doctrine."	0
Judges of the Circuit Court also wear similar costume, pursuant to Order 3 rule 1 of the Circuit Court Rules, 2001.	0
plushasia.comDesigned by Tobias Wong, these pill cases are part of a total luxury line by Citizen Citizen.	0
The main crops produced for export are cocoa and copra.	0
He always brushes his teeth before going on stage.	1
Diamonds are the hardest natural substance	1
In 1853, he became Professor of the Viennese Academy of Art.	0
The fibres can range from 3 to 7 cm in length as they exist in the cotton field.	0
Ant queens can list up to 30 years long.	1
Matt Groening has commented that he has a favorite Simpsons episode – Bart the Daredevil.	1
File:Eisenstadt - Schloss Esterhazy.JPG|Schloss Esterházy / Austria	0
Stephan Rittau (1891 – 1942), Wehrmacht general	0
Meryl Streep has been thanked more often than God at the past 12 Oscar ceremonies.	1
The smallest species of lemur is known as the Dwarf Mouse Lemur (or Pygmy mouse Lemur) and weighs only 30 grams.	1
Einstein loved to smoke; he smoked a pipe and claimed that it helps calm and focus a man.	1
In 2006 Gator Country, led by vocalist Jimmy Farrar, continue to perform popular songs such as "Beatin' The Odds", "Bounty Hunter" as well as "Oh Atlanta".	0
Although Afrikaner and Boer Calvinism was united during much of the 20th century, recently it has become increasingly clear that these are two separate forms of Calvinism.	0
It is also referred to as, the “color of love” and is widely used on Valentine’s Day.	1
Ned Raggett of Allmusic awards it four-and-a-half out of five stars and states: "Building on the promise and fire of the band's earlier singles, Out of Step instantly became iconic for American hardcore, not to mention for the D.C. scene, for years to come, as well as any number of bands who conflated personal and social politics."	0
The biggest chocolate sculpture ever made was a 10 foot high Easter egg weighing 4,484 lbs (2,034 kg) in Melbourne, Australia.	1
By 1962 there were no permanent residents left.	0
With an area of it is the second largest in the archipelago after the Mainland.	0
Other abuse involved touching private parts and punishment for refusing sexual requests.	0
There are two routes from Ooty, one is via Kallatty, on the Masinagudi road that has 36 hairpin bends and the other by NH 67 via Gudalur which is from Ooty.	0
Notable settings to the German text include Heinrich Schütz in , SWV 115 (1628), Johann Sebastian Bach in the cantata , BWV 76 (1723), Joseph Haydn in the chorus at the end of part 1 of his oratorio The Creation (1798), Ludwig van Beethoven in his 1803 song for voice and piano, " ".	0
Pumas go by lots of different names, including cougar and mountain lion.	1
Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks.	1
The Los Colorados concentrator started up at 35,000 tonnes per day in November 1990, and the first concentrate shipment was made at the end of the year.	0
Larsen's later acting work was in films: Women of the Prehistoric Planet (1966), Mission Batanagas as Colonel Turner (1968), Night of the Witches as Reverend Ezra Jackson (1970), The Trap on Cougar Mountain (1972), Whitewater Sam in the title role (1977), and his last appearance, Young and Free (1979).	0
Edinburgh, Scotland’s capital, was the first city in the world to have its own fire brigade.	1
When Clark and Sarah enter the room, they find Carl's corpse hanging from some sheets.	0
Discussions of the national flag continued; its opponents considered gold an inappropriate color, since the combination of yellow, green and red did not follow the existing rules of heraldry.	0
His work is not quite figurative, but suggestive.	0
Avion (since Jan 1st 2007 - Ex Arras)	0
In the Everglades, 70,000 acres (280 km 2 ) of trees were knocked down.	0
These files can be distributed on their own, such as is the case with MP3 files.	0
That summer he moved to neighbouring Basque club Athletic Bilbao, in a controversial transfer that cost over €3 million; at the time, it was the highest transfer fee paid for an under-18 player in Spanish football.	0
The population at the time was around 50,000.	0
According to non-fiction bestseller list of Spiegel, it was the most successful hardcover non-fiction of the year 2008 and achieved third place in the bestseller of the decade.	0
In 2010, Lady Gaga was ranked as the second most powerful musician in the world.	1
The total miles driven by the monorail trains is equivalent to more than 30 round trips to the moon.	1
There were numerous celebrity guests at their wedding, including Elijah Wood.	1
These lizards are well adapted to desert conditions; they are active at temperatures of up to 102 °F (39 °C).	0
This is because Japanese law does not recognise dual citizenship, and so people becoming naturalised Japanese citizens must relinquish citizenship of other countries.	0
1710 - Charles Simon Favart, French director and playwright (d. 1792)	0
In 1903 near Nablus, a German party of archaeologists led by Dr. Hermann Thiersch stumbled upon the site called Tell Balata and now identified as ancient Shechem.	0
The checkered strips over a silver-plated background in the inferior right side represent the shields of Don Cristóbal de Sotomayor, founder of the town of Tavara, the actual location of Guánica.	0
Willing Seduction: The Blue Angel, Marlene Dietrich and Mass Culture.	0
The zoo's collection has successfully sustained itself for more than 35 years.	0
Cunningham hoped to draw the Regia Marina into battle by sailing towards the "toe" of Italy to cut them off from their base at Taranto.	0
Queen Victoria had been invited to attend the opening of the bridge, but she declined the invitation and instead sent her eldest son, the Prince of Wales and heir to her throne.	0
This feud was widely reported in the press worldwide and it was even hinted at a physical duel between Mark Twain and Max O'Rell.	0
Italy would become a member of NATO after the war, but lost the region of Istria and the Dalmatian city of Zadar to Yugoslavia, and all its colonies excluding Somalia.	0
In June 2004, leopards were responsible for the deaths of 20 humans within the span of a week.	0
IFBL (Institut De Formation Bancaire Luxembourg) in association of PWC (Price Waterhouse Coopers) recognises CIIA diploma holders for their IFBL Certified Private Banker program giving exemptions from attending tuition blocks Legal and Regulatory Framework and Portfolio Management, as well as passing specific examinations.	0
The average person consumes over a ton of food and drink each year	1
In the church is the prototype of the Faroese flag Merkið.	0
At first the dominant figures in the management of the war were Winston Churchill (First Lord of the Admiralty) and Field-Marshal Lord Kitchener, who had taken over the War Office from Asquith himself.	0
In some Slavic languages, Tuesday originates from an Old Church Slavonic word literally meaning “the second.”	1
It was accessible from Ross Allen Island; as of March 2013, when it was closed, it housed one Florida Panther and two Western Cougars.	0
This star system has the traditional name Porrima, the alternative name of Antevorta, one of the Camenae or ancient Roman goddesses of prophecy.	0
Today most if not all Internet Service Providers throttle their users' bandwidth, with or without the user ever even realizing it.	0
Additionally, the need to cock the hammer manually acts as a safety.	0
Make noise while hiking to alert cougars of your presence.	0
In-game Raichu levels up at a Medium-Fast levelling rate.	1
After she turned against their employers, she enlisted the help of Byers (then an employee of the FCC), Frohike and Langley (then both freelance hackers, selling bootleg cable hardware) in order to uncover the truth.	0
A Buzz Lightyear action figure orbited Earth for 468 days aboard the International Space Station.	1
Several of the strange entities seize control of Dexter and his followers, in effect 'possessing' them.	0
She frees Jaime Lannister, a valuable hostage to the Starks, in an attempt to exchange him for her captive daughters.	0
Dinah is 5′ 8”, Normani &amp; Lauren are both 5′ 4”, Camila is 5′ 2”, and Ally Brooke is 4′ 11”.	1
Tom and Max cried when All Time Low went to number one.	1
Indeed, some mascon basins on the Moon do not appear to be associated with any signs of volcanic activity.	0
They use their tails for balance whilst jumping.	1
One Direction have had three books released.	1
He is member of the International Advisory Board of the African Press Organization (APO).	0
Sackbut, the Renaissance and early Baroque forerunner of the trombone	0
Ash Ketchum, one of the most popular and recognizable Pokémon characters, is known as Satoshi in Japan, sharing his name with the creator of Pokémon.	1
He is buried in the eponymous Remuh Cemetery in Kraków.	0
He designed Sepang International Circuit, Bahrain International Circuit, Shanghai International Circuit, Istanbul Park Racing Circuit, Valencia Street Circuit, Marina Bay Street Circuit, Yas Marina Circuit and the Buddh International Circuit in India.	0
On 19 January 2006 a settlement was reached between the Government of Bolivia (then under the Presidency of Eduardo Rodriguez Veltze) and Aguas del Tunari, it was agreed that "the concession was terminated only because of the civil unrest and the state of emergency in Cochabamba and not because of any act done or not done by the international shareholders of Aguas del Tunari".	0
She decorated, gardened, and rode and also enjoyed painting, particularly watercolors.	0
In 1994, the U.S. sent the joint Defense Department/NASA spacecraft Clementine to lunar orbit.	0
Playing for the Argentina national football team, Artime scored 24 goals in 25 caps, making him Argentina's 4th highest goalscorer to date.	0
Hislop has been team captain on Have I Got News for You since it began airing in 1990.	0
The Legal Services Authorities Act, 1987 made drastic changes in the field of legal services.	0
In April 2011, rumours of a 4.0 litre version of the 997 GT3 RS started appearing in various automotive publication, soon followed by supposed spy shots and rendered images.	0
Although Saleh preached the message for a sustained period of time, the people for Thamud refused to hear his warning and instead began to ask Saleh to obtain a miracle for them.	0
He was an early enthusiast for and advocate of the cooperative movement.	0
At the outset of the war, the Israeli Navy consisted of three former Aliyah Bet ships that had been seized by the British and impounded in Haifa harbor, where they were tied up at the breakwater.	0
Famous people who are buried in the Pantheon include painters Raphael and Annibale Carracci, composer Arcangelo Corelli and architect Baldassare Peruzzi.	1
Additionally Colorno and Noceto created vacancies in the second tier of Italian rugby as these five Parma area sides would only now field two professional senior teams between them.	0
A translation lookaside buffer (TLB) is a cache that memory management hardware uses to improve virtual address translation speed.	0
Sound travels 10 times faster through granite than air	1
In 2000, there was the addition of the 2.5T, available with standard all-wheel drive.	0
The Heroes Square in the centre of George Town, which commemorates Cayman Islands' war dead.	0
In addition to refuse reinforcements, it was also considered capable of removing sorrow because of death, illness, or any other disaster.	0
For every 100 females there were 93.40 males.	0
This genus is very similar to the closely related Lepidemathis, which are larger.	0
The park is managed by the Israel Nature and Parks Authority.	0
This contributed to the speedy victory of the allies.	0
He hates too much make-up on a woman.	1
The coastline of Mainland Scotland is 6,160 miles long, which is 3 times longer than England’s.	1
Like many of the Magcon members, he now lives in Los Angeles.	1
Their hit single ‘Worth It’ hit triple platinum in the US and reached the top of the charts in thirteen countries after its debut on 15th March 2015.	1
At the same time the motion involved in the sport compresses the rowers' lungs, limiting the amount of oxygen available to them.	0
specific season and area closures during spawning;	0
Sense, Richard G., and Roger J. Desautels.	0
Hendrix the Husky, the University of Washington Tacoma's mascot	0
Author Garcia was a professional artist and has led fantasy book groups for children and teens.	1
Her favourite lip gloss is Rosebud Salve.	1
Baseball player Richie Ashburn hit a foul ball that struck a spectator - As they carried her away, he hit another ball and struck her again.	1
The modern Suicide Squad (created by John Ostrander in the aforementioned Legends #3) is an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences.	0
28th August is ‘Race Your Mouse Around the Icons’ Day!	1
If you multiply 1089 x 9 you get the exact reverse, 9801.	1
Soldiers generally held a great mistrust of machine guns due to their tendency to jam.	0
Generalleutnant Fritz Bayerlein (10 January 1944 - 8 June 1944)	0
Homer has been described by the British newspaper, The Sunday Times, as “The greatest comic creation of [modern] time”.	1
"Mary," a song by Tori Amos on the album Tales of a Librarian	0
Delaware Route 8 is the main east–west route through Dover, passing through downtown on Division Street and West Dover on Forrest Avenue.	0
Cumberland was divided into nine unions: Alston with Garrigill, Bootle, Brampton, Carlisle, Cockermouth, Longtown, Penrith, Whitehaven and Wigton.	0
The tapestry is 20 inches wide, and is the length of about 3 swimming pools which makes it the longest piece of embroidery in the world!	1
Die deutschen Lastensegler Verbände 1937–1945 (German Glider Units) (German).	0
Brad is the band’s lead singer and guitarist.	1
On 30 October 2010 Alves scored his first goal for his new club, against former team AEK in UEFA Europa League's group stage (4–2 home win).	0
Patristic scholar Donald Fairbairn has argued that theosis in the Greek Fathers is not an ontological exchange between the Son and the Christian.	0
Most tornados spin counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern.	1
The Soviet offensive ended with a victory for the Red Army, however the Wehrmacht 20th Mountain Army successfully performed an orderly retreat with the bulk of its forces intact just like it did against Finnish forces during their retreat through Lapland carried out at the same time.	0
Epidemics began sweeping though the Empire.	0
Whichever system is used, many of the STR regions used are the same.	0
He likes to brush his teeth while he showers.	1
The per capita income for the village was $26,165.	0
He now works as a deputy in a small Texas town.	0
The Florida panther is a subspecies of Puma concolor (also known as mountain lion, cougar, or puma) and represents the only known breeding population of puma in the eastern United States.	1
National Museum of the United States Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (D-21B)	0
The largest item on any menu in the world is the roast camel.	1
The statues are made of bronze and their height is 7 meters.	1
Their backs, or dorsal sides is covered with green and the underside is yellow orange.	1
It is often also incorrectly stated that the tracks were removed in the 1990s when the downtown area was redesigned with two one-way streets to enhance traffic along Gravenstein Highway (Route 116).	0
The highest accuracy calculations at NASA use just 15 decimals of Pi.	1
His remains were translated to a different burial spot in the cathedral ten years after his death.	0
An uncrowded pearl white strip of coastline with coconut trees offering a scenic view of islands and towns.	0
Although he is well documented as the leading painter in this distinctively French style, no single identifiable work can be documented as his, and distinguishing his hand from the many other artists working in the same style is extremely difficult, if not impossible - works tend to be attributed to him on grounds of quality alone.	0
She lost in the next round to former world number 1 Martina Hingis.	0
This is an example of assimilation.	0
His mother’s name is Jeanie, and his father is Jerimie.	1
He worked to reconcile Christian faith and modern culture, though questions have arisen about his political legacy in recent times.	0
During all three sieges, the castle was under the command of Sir Thomas Grey of Heton, a knight who had been captured by the Scots at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314, and who was father to the chronicler, Sir Thomas Grey.	0
Vanilla flavouring comes from the pod of an orchid, Vanilla planifolia!	1
Amazake is believed to be very nutritious.	0
In Fed Cup, she helped two-time reigning champion Italy defeat Australia with wins in two singles rubbers over Samantha Stosur and Jarmila Groth.	0
He was a member of Delta Tau Delta Fraternity.	0
The one cameo was in the 1958 episode of the third season titled "Dip in the Pool".	0
He also played particularly well against his old clubs, Olympiacos and Panathinaikos, and began scoring once again with three-point shots as in his heyday in the early 1990s.	0
All the Professors in Pokemon are named after trees!	1
New Aston Villa manager Ron Atkinson did not see Nielsen as fitting into his 4–4–2 tactics and brought in replacement Shaun Teale, and Nielsen looked to leave the club.	0
Elvis Presley was a natural blonde.	1
He has one brother called Greg.	1
The earliest bronze archeological finds in Indonesia date from 1–2 BC, including flat plates probably suspended and struck by a wooden or bone mallet.	1
Wilson, Timothy, "Ceramic Art of the Italian Renaissance (London) 1987.	0
They have a high calving ease and are very maternal.	0
His father is a civil engineer and his mother worked as a nurse.	1
The park is situated along the Red Deer River and features badlands topography.	0
A former English teacher described her as, “bright but not overly so”.	1
‘White Eskimo’ performed at a wedding in June 2010.	1
The number of a Sprint Cup car owned by Circle Sport usually driven by Austin Dillon or Landon Cassill.	0
The 26th amendment or “Old Enough to Fight, Old Enough to Vote” amendment, passed on 10th March 1971 was a huge change to youth responsibly and values, giving all those over 18 the right to vote.	1
Multiple Slowpoke’s evolved against their will in the episode, A Crowning achievement.	1
"Into the Dust of Eden" – 5:19	0
The Baby music video is the most watched music video ever on YouTube.	1
Sprite picked up popularity with teenagers in the 1980’s after several advertising campaigns targeted at teenagers.	1
In 2002 alone, more people in the U.S. were killed by dogs than in shark attacks in the past 100 years.	1
2013 : Me, Myself and Mum	0
A wider survey, but less sensitive, was carried out as part of the Great Observatories Origins Deep Survey; a section of this was then observed for longer to create the Hubble Ultra-Deep Field, which was the most sensitive optical deep field image for years until the Hubble Extreme Deep Field was completed in 2012.	0
After supper, Jesus went to the Garden of Gethsemane to pray and asked God not to go through with his crucifixion.	1
Many of Pace's hubs are located at CTA rail stations (especially terminals) and Metra stations.	0
In 1989, the theatre was divided into two auditoriums, with the smaller one converted from the balcony for showing films, while the larger one converted from the stalls for stage performances.	0
Michael’s natural hair colour is blonde.	1
The world's 85 richest people have the same wealth as the poorest 50% of the world's population put together (about $1.7tn).	1
The government has not been very supportive of the film industry in Kenya.	0
List of cities in South Korea	0
People who are angry with each other for the silly little things, are usually the ones who care about each other the most.	1
1–13 and "Reply to Critics of This Piece," 32 (Fall 1987), pp.	0
The original (and only indoor, themed) Tomb Raider: The Ride at Kings Island was celebrated for the way it turned what is generally a typical "boring" thrill ride like a Top Spin (something found at most carnivals) into a highly interactive, themed dark ride complete with lava pits, volcanoes, icicles, and a giant goddess carving on the wall with laser eyes.	0
Meg’s past jobs have included: waitress, singer, babysitter, reality TV star, cashier and a prostitute.	1
Ken Follett – Eye of the Needle	0
Lawson's lecture to the Centre for Policy Studies think-tank, published 1 November 2006 criticises the Stern Review and proposed what is described as a rational approach, advocating adaptation to changes in global climate, rather than attempting mitigation, i.e., reducing greenhouse gas emissions.	0
This acts as an attraction mechanism for Paratrechina ants.	0
Soewardi back to Indonesia in September 1919.	0
Matt Damon had to lose 40 pounds for the movie Courage Under Fire.	1
Jordan "DJ Swivel" Young – Engineer	0
Only four counties (Hamilton, Greeley, Wallace, and Sherman), all of which border Colorado, observe Mountain Time.	0
Eiholzer stressed the importance of safely handling calves in her presentation.	0
Beyoncé’s name comes from her mother’s maiden name: Celestine Ann “Tina” Beyoncé.	1
Jedward’s combined net worth was estimated at £4.5 million in April 2012.	1
Jack is forced to beat up Seaka and Urich while Anya escapes.	0
Before JJ was in the band Triple J, he was a model and an actor.	1
Dernancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.	0
New third kit, fluorescent yellow with navy.	0
The cars are identical to those used on the Baltimore Metro (save for the modifications made to Baltimore's cars during their refurbishment in 2005), as the two systems were built at the same time, and the two agencies were able to save money by sharing a single order.	0
Deluxe class is also available on CRH3 trains, which is about 80% higher than second class.	0
The Mexican was originally scheduled to fight Ira Terry, but the latter was replaced by Perez just a few days before the contest.	0
Kader Khan – Saajan Chale Sasural	0
Horner himself repeated the formula of making a song from his film themes with films such as A Beautiful Mind, Bicentennial Man, The Perfect Storm, and Avatar.	0
Its physically impossible for pigs to look up at the sky	1
The cinnamon stick is also known as a quill due to its thin straight appearance.	1
They are based in Colmar, Alsace and are currently playing in the Championnat National, the third tier in the French football after winning Group A of the Championnat de France amateur in the 2009–10 season.	0
To coincide with that year's 50th anniversary of the appointment of the first Canadian-born governor general, Clarkson moved Order of Canada investitures from their typical location in Rideau Hall to various places around the country.	0
In addition to refuse reinforcements, it was also considered capable of removing sorrow because of death, illness, or any other disaster.	0
In its inaugural season the Hornets were led by ex-Pistons guard Kelly Tripucka, who provided instant offense and was Charlotte's top scorer for the franchise's first two seasons.	0
replaces the thick layer of fat most other breeds have for insulation.	0
Children are told to leave a glass of sherry and a mince pie for Father Christmas, and a carrot for his reindeer, as a sign of thanks.	1
His favourite food is chocolate brownies.	1
They typically have a low-high-low pattern, arranged in the west–east direction.	0
Due to living an arboreal lifestyle, lemurs can do amazing things such as making a sashay-like movement on their hind legs with their arms stretched above them as they move along the ground.	1
According to one source, "Every Norton school child has been entertained with the legend of King Phillip's Cave."	0
When crossed with Angus bulls, the results are "black gold".	1
Zebras can rotate their ears in almost any direction; this ability is used to communicate their mood with other zebras.	1
O grant that I, some morning bright,	0
Folly Farm, Somerset, a traditionally managed visitable farm and nature reserve run by the Avon Wildlife Trust	0
Jongikhaya is demoted by Captain Gantana and confined to barracks for his role in the escape.	0
List of exhibitors in the Kosovo Pavilion:	0
On the side of the artists, meanwhile, Janet Jackson is the one with the most wins—four out of ten nominations—and is followed closely by Beyoncé with three.	0
How everybody is doing the same thing.	0
In 1973, Cleo Laine wrote lyrics and recorded it as the song "He Was Beautiful" accompanied by Williams.	0
The building is notable as the first church in the region to be returned by the Soviets to the Russian Orthodox Church (in 1987).	0
Till date, no one actually knows that how this drink got the name Dr. Pepper.	1
Leopards are renowned for their great strength and can haul a carcass greater than their own weight up the trunk of a tree.	1
Duke Nikolaus11 July 185411 July 1854	0
Most goals scored by one player in a match: 4 goals	0
Cheryl Peake / Andrew Naylor 121216.8	0
If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a “Pizzy Bear”.	1
Pablo Schreiber, who plays the prison guard known as Pornstache, is half-brothers with Liev Schreiber in real life.	1
After a waitress at a pizzeria helped a customer choose the numbers for a winning lottery ticket in 1984, he “tipped” her $3,000,000 – half of his $6,000,000 prize money.	1
Thomas S. J. Kavanagh (Acting): March 27, 1943 – June 5, 1943	0
Its primary business function is to prepare and deliver meals, beverages and snacks to aircraft for domestic and international flights.	0
For Mac OS X, one view in the Finder is an example of a navigational file manager.	0
Janko Tipsarević (6) 6–7(5), 6–0, 6–4	0
563d Operations Support Squadron (Davis-Monthan AFB)	0
Smith travelled to South Africa for medical treatment in 2005, and moved into a retirement home overlooking the sea in St James, a southern suburb of Cape Town.	0
By dualizing the homology chain complex (i.e.	0
1999: Distinction in Sculpture Honor from the Sculpture Center, New York.	0
145September 14Red Sox9–6Hill (1–0)League (9–7) 18,38155–90	0
However, what cougars have done to people is nothing compared to what people have done to cougars.	0
Colvin spends the night in the house and encounters the ghost - an experience which changes his life.	0
Wall Street and FDR (1976, 1999) ( )	0
Venusaur is a combination of the words Venus which refers to the Venus Flytrap plant, and the Greek word saur, meaning lizard.	1
Nusa Tenggara Barat and Lombok may be considered economically depressed by First World standards and a large majority of the population live in poverty.	0
At the 2011 World Championships, they came in 6th.	0
There is no official reason as to why it is known as “Boxing Day”.	1
He learnt to dance by watching Michael Jackson on television.	1
Together they covered Chris Brown, Taio Cruz and Rihanna.	1
The village of Toms River is listed on both the national and state registers of historic places.	0
Your lungs contain a large amount of blood, and contrary to the idea of hollow lungs, there are actually very full!	1
A watermelon is over 92% water by weight.	1
The recompiling CPU emulator was written by Eric Traut.	0
In the early 2000s a Peter Pan franchise was spawned, involving a number of other animation projects:	0
In 2008 &amp; 2009, he won the England Player of the Year award.	1
Homer’s relationship with Lisa is usually quite good although Lisa often tires of her father’s ignorance.	1
Weezing has the highest Defense out of all Poison-type Pokémon.	1
The style of this series is similar to that of Survivor, Fear Factor, and The Amazing Race.	0
If Ohala is correct, one might expect to find dissimilation in other languages with other sounds that frequently cause long-distance effects, such as nasalization and pharyngealization.	0
Leone d&apos;Argento (Silver Lion) for the best director: Álex de la Iglesia for Balada triste de trompeta (A Sad Trumpet Ballad)	0
Pentecostal Church of God, New Elgin Hall Annex	0
Saint-Athanase was a former town in Quebec.	0
Jose Lladó Fernandez-Urrutia (Madrid, 1934), is a politician and Spanish businessman.	0
The Carolingians had built a royal court at the source of the river Aufseß whose fortifications served to safeguard the road network in a border region with the Frankish Empire.	0
His celebrity crush is Mila Kunis.	1
Your foot is the most common body part bitten by insects	1
Aggregor's needs for Galapagus's powers were made apparent in "Where the Magic Happens", as his species is immune to mana.	0
A shillelagh ( or ; , a cudgel with a strap) is a wooden walking stick and club or cudgel, typically made from a stout knotty stick with a large knob at the top, that is associated with Ireland and Irish folklore.	0
Communist leader Georgi Dimitrov, whose party won 247 of the 465 available seats in parliamentary elections, was named as the new Prime Minister of Bulgaria.	0
P!nk’s first boyfriend proposed to her on April 1st, then he could make it out to be an April Fools if she said no, she said no.	1
Justin used to take karate classes when he was younger.	1
One of her favourite television shows is Whose Line Is It Anyway.	1
| 5 || || Larissa || || bgcolor="black" | || align="center" | || align="right" | || align="right" | || align="right" | 0.555 || align="right" | 0.205 || align="right" | 0.0014 || align="center" | 1981 || Reitsema et al.	0
Thomas Jefferson: After the Library of Congress was burned during the War of 1812, Thomas Jefferson sold his personal library of 6,487 books to the Federal government to restart it.	1
As Pietro one day saw the Capuchin novices walking in a procession, he was inspired with the desire to embrace the religious life.	0
Ray Stevens was back in the national media once again with his enormously successful home video and music theater.	0
Many moons have formed from circling discs of gas and dust around their parent planets, while other moons are thought to have formed independently and later been captured by their planets.	0
The post was occupied sporadically thereafter and new buildings were added.	0
As part of a contract, J.K. Rowling (the author of the Harry Potter series) can go to Universal Studios and if anything is deemed incorrect, inaccurate, or she doesn’t like it she can get it changed.	1
Home video editions were released by Columbia TriStar Home Entertainment through 2003 as part of their "Columbia TriStar Family Fun" collection.	0
Second Round lost to Kaia Kanepi	0
The Ennstal Alps border on the following other mountain ranges in the Alps:	0
The first Starbucks was opened in Pike Place Market, Seattle, in 1971.	1
This was eight years after the experimental debut of television in Zurich and Genève.	0
In school she was an avid football (again, ‘soccer’ if you’re American) player – much like on-screen son in Bates Motel Freddie Highmore.	1
Its educational programs include public lectures, artists' talks, docent tours, audio guides, and youth programs such as Studio Saturday, Summer Arts, and the Young Artist Apprenticeship Program.	0
Minerals and mining also are important to Uzbekistan's economy.	0
FIRA has generally been a positive force in spreading the sport beyond the Anglosphere.	0
Nations who have qualified for the World Cup	0
Atelophobia is a condition that causes people to over think and obsess over the thought of not being good enough.	1
Hans Adam von Blettlau - der Tröstende	0
When viewing the community on his way down the hill from what is now the transcanada, he renamed the community Bellevue, meaning; beautiful sight or view.	0
Harry was the one who came up with the band’s name ‘One Direction’.	1
The third DEL championship was captured in 2008, when the Eisbären beat Kölner Haie in the final round of the play offs.	0
In Texas, cougars are listed as nuisance wildlife and any person holding a hunting or a trapping permit can kill a cougar regardless of the season, number killed, sex or age of the animal.	0
The statue of Liberty's mouth is 3 feet wide	1
USCGC Casco (WAVP-370), later WHEC-370, a United States Coast Guard cutter in commission from 1949 to 1969	0
Unfortunately for people who are underage for films or video games with an age rating, not much effort is being made to bring equality to watching films or playing video games.	0
After mentioning her dentist in “Bodak Yellow,” the business for that particular dentist tripled after the release of the single.	1
Lotus root is boiled and mashed in India and added to vegetarian kofta, paired with spicy sauces.	0
Wadi Mathendous is a prehistoric archeological site in Mesak Settafet of the Fezzan region in southwestern Libya.	0
In 2007, Upchurch and colleagues published a comprehensive description of the dentary and the teeth and declared Chinshakiangosaurus as a valid taxon.	0
Out of the dust strode Napoleon, miraculously without a scratch, as behind him his horse lay disembowelled and dying.	0
The spiders are most often observed in railway tunnels and mines since these are more likely to be visited by humans.	0
On a leap-year, 28th November is the 333rd day of the year, with 33 days left until the end of the year.	1
Another positive prognostic marker for glioblastoma patients is mutation of the IDH1 gene.	0
Markets for second-generation technologies are strong and growing, but only in a few countries.	0
In the 2007 Six Nations Championship, Bortolami led Italy to their first away win in the competition against Scotland at Murrayfield, which was also the first time Italy have won more than one game in a single Six Nations Championship.	0
The county was officially established from parts of Bexar, Atascosa, and Live Oak counties in 1858.	0
Café La Paz, historic meeting place for leftist activists	0
killed in crossfire, 24 June 2004	0
These fisheries have high rates of discards of undersized haddock, up to 50% of the catch in weight.	0
White gold is actually yellow gold which has been combined with a white metal such as palladium or nickel to give it a white hue.	1
The world's first paved streets were laid in Rome in 170 B.C.	1
In Erlen about 66.8% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).	0
In 1996, Boone played against her image as Rizzo in the 1990s revival of Grease.	0
Fredrik Jan Elis Norrena (born November 29, 1973) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey goaltender.	0
Her parents are both teachers (English and Physical Education, respectively).	1
The CGPM acts on behalf of the governments of its members.	0
Both Halle and Wittenberg are about one hour from Berlin via the Berlin–Halle railway, which offers Intercity-Express (ICE) trains.	0
Hesitant at first, Circosta reluctantly obliged – and to both men's great surprise, all 112 can openers sold out within the hour.	0
Cats can get sick or die from eating chocolate!	1
Filters are used to prevent spikes entering or leaving the equipment through wires, and the devices coupled electromagnetically to space (such as radio-frequency pick-up coils in MRI scanners) are protected by shielding.	0
In 1869 the firm changed its name to the Coventry Machinists Company, and like many other manufacturers in the area embarked on producing velocipedes.	0
According to Fleischer, Bartlett stated to no one in particular "His wife sent him...She works at the CIA."	0
The most productive time of the year is 11am on any Monday in October.	1
The idea came from the late Paramaribo entrepreneur Orlando Lee On, who read about similar harvesting efforts in the Tucuruí Lake in Brazil when on a plane to Miami.	0
The office also offers technical assistance in order for industries to comply with the law at the minimum and set further goals for continuous improvement of environmental performance.	0
There are five debt-free countries in the world: Macau, the British Virgin Islands, Brunei, Liechtenstein and Pala.	1
Songs of Innocence and of Experience, copy C, 1789, 1794 (Library of Congress), object 8 The Lamb.jpg|Songs of Innocence and of Experience, copy C, 1789, 1794 (Library of Congress), object 8 "The Lamb"	0
After taking a dose himself, Rex found he could have superhuman strength and speed for the hour that the vitamin's effects lasted, before returning to human levels.	0
"Knocking on Your Door" (mark saunders remix) – 6:07	0
Also, Beavis' insane tendency to flick a lighter and scream the word "fire" was removed from new episodes, and controversial scenes were removed from existing episodes before rebroadcast.	0
Her first appearance was on Barney and Friends, as Angela.	1
1996 – Olympic Games: 4th place	0
The gloomy and emotional photos are a sharp contrast to his earlier works.	0
He is now a member of Southern California surf band The Californian, whose current lineup was formed in Summer of 2009 by singer/songwriter John Graney.	0
He has been killing the witnesses to painter Albert Sickert (Mark Dexter)'s forbidden Catholic marriage to Crook (Joanna Page), who bore his legitimate daughter Alice.	0
The Mayor of Galt is peer elected by the entire City Council.	0
One of the most effective is ground freezing.	0
Dark Laughter: War in Song and Popular Culture by Les Cleveland (1994)	0
During World War II, Americans tried to train bats to drop bombs.	1
The word pineapple comes from European explorers who thought the fruit combined the look of a pinecone with flesh like that of an apple!	1
Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2010 (ISBN 978-0-8122-4261-4) (Winner of the 2012 book prize of the French Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres)	0
December 14, 1287, in what was called St. Lucia&apos;s flood during a memorable storm in Friesland and Holland, the North Sea invaded the freshwater lake, breaking and destroying several dams dunes and transformed it into a bay which was then called the Zuiderzee from the verbatim South Sea.	0
The Young America Township in Minnesota has a population of less than 1,000, but more than 20 zip codes.	1
The Bourbon biscuit was introduced in 1910 originally under the name Creola.	1
Trumpeter clock, a type of clock that uses air vibrating a reed to mimic the sound of a trumpet	0
When at home, Taylor doesn’t wear her contact lenses, she just keeps her glasses on.	1
Brad’s mum still cuts his hair.	1
The boys wrote ‘High Hopes’ with McFly, which is on ‘Meet The Vamps’.	1
An allergic reaction type occurrence where cells become more compacted together to prevent foreign materials entering them.	0
Artist Todd Nauck and Lary Stucker illustrated almost all of the comics featuring the group; Todd DeZago wrote their early adventures, and their ongoing series was written almost entirely by Peter David.	0
Effluent from the RBC is then passed through final clarifiers where the micro-organisms in suspension settle as a sludge.	0
João de Deus Pinheiro, politician, Minister of Education, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Member of the European Parliament, European Commissioner, rector, university professor, chemical-industrial engineering (1970)	0
The reason a peacock has such a bright and dramatic train is to attract the attention of peahens, who normally choose their mates based on the size, color and quality of the feathers and train.	1
"I Ain't No Quitter" was originally released to country radio on May 2, 2005.	0
Completeness, a notion that generally refers to the existence of certain suprema or infima of some partially ordered set	0
In 2006, worldwide over 6.5 million tons of chocolate was traded.	1
It is a common belief in South Korean that leaving a fan on in a closed room at night can cause death.	1
10% of the world’s population is left-handed!	1
An Act to amend the Criminal Code (failure to stop at scene of accident) introduced by Dick Harris during 38th Parliament	0
Jean-Marc Ferratge (born 1959), a French retired professional football striker	0
Personalization is also being considered for use in less overtly commercial applications to improve the user experience online.	0
The only township is Pengjiazhai Township (彭家寨乡)	0
It is Canada's busiest airport with over 30 million passenger movements annually.	0
These fisheries have high rates of discards of undersized haddock, up to 50% of the catch in weight.	0
The first electric synthesizer was invented in 1876 by Elisha Gray.	0
In France, it is tradition to make a wish while the pancake is being tossed, holding a coin in the other hand.	1
In 1955 Burger King’s logo was a King atop a burger holding an oversized drink, this soon lost fashion and developed in 1969 into a bun sandwiching the words “Burger King”.	1
Cirrhoscyllium formosanum Teng, 1959 (Taiwan saddled carpetshark)	0
The year the original Jaws movie came out, visitors to the Grand Canyon rose by about 40%.	1
The fundamental bilateral body form is a tube with a hollow gut cavity running from the mouth to the anus, and a nerve cord with an enlargement (a ganglion) for each body segment, with an especially large ganglion at the front, called the brain.	0
Aldrin has rat of 39 to 60 mg/kg (oral in rats).	0
After adopting a wait and see approach, the New Guangxi clique declined to support the rebels.Feng Yuxiang was widely expected to be supportive but he stayed silent.	0
The idea for Twilight came from a dream Meyer had on 2nd June, in 2003.	1
The maintainers of the digital object identifier (DOI) system have deliberately not registered a DOI namespace for URNs, stating that:	0
The logo of this famous company, the siren, is supposed to be symbolism representing the seductive power of coffee.	1
Flags that are picked up are dropped after a set time.	0
The base of the bell tower and the chapel of the Virgin Mary are the oldest parts of the building.	0
Spiny lobsters usually exhibit the social habit of being together.	1
There's a 10 ft (3m) wall in Lima, Peru, that separates one of the wealthiest neighborhoods from one of the poorest.	1
The first artificial satellite in space was called “Sputnik.”	1
The multi-band seeker is of higher priority.	0
The Yankees recommended that he see Dr. James Andrews in Alabama to address his lingering elbow concerns.	0
Steve Heinze as Larry (Valentine's Bodyguard)	0
As the tie began to look destined for another draw, Hughie Ferguson netted the winning goal from the penalty spot.	0
FM 102.7 - CKSB-6, Première Chaîne	0
As a girl she was bought by Laertes, Odysseus' father.	0
MB-4b (X-4 MB - O Motor Besshatunniy - con-rod free engine - S.S. Balandin)	0
Hippophobia is the fear of horses	1
Unfortunately, compilers historically generate somewhat esoteric, long, and unhelpful error messages for this sort of error.	0
The Tsimshian speak a Tsimshianic language, referred to by linguists as "Coast Tsimshian" and by Tsimshians as Sm'algyax, which means "real or true tongue."	0
The ire of the king was particularly inflamed against the Christians was because they refused to accede to demands to participate in sexual acts with him.	0
In December 2009 the Boykin Spaniel officially became an AKC registered breed.	0
They go to Big Momma's and convince the bikers and surfers to team up and save Mack and Brady.	0
10 Years Younger In 10 Days	0
Twelve men have walked on the Earth’s moon.	1
In November 2006 the gallery launched a new section exclusively for art students, called Stuart.	0
All of the cobble stones used to line the streets in New York were originally stones found in the hulls of Belgian ships ballast	1
Shelley admits to being “really bad at relationships”, he says he gets bored too easily.	1
The municipality enjoys the benefits of several support facilities and services to meet the social and economic needs of its populace as follows.	0
The name "The First World War" was used as early as 1918, by a journalist who felt it would not be the last.	1
A joke dated AD 400, recently translated from Greek, shows similarities to the Parrot sketch.	0
The reverse of this process, performed by the decoder to reconstruct the picture, is called motion compensation.	0
He was born into a wealthy aristocratic family from Voltaggio (now part of Piedmont), his father being the Conte Scorza di Voltaggio, and he received a literary and humanist education.	0
His most recent film role was in Imagine That.	0
On March 12, 2007, the painting was at the center of a furor between Italian citizens and the Minister of Culture, who decided to place the picture on loan to exhibit in Japan.	0
The paint was frequently limited to parts depicting clothing, hair, and so on, with the skin left in the natural colour of the stone.	0
In the tropics (less than about 8° from the equator), the constellation transits at the zenith.	0
They are ancient species that first appeared around 40 million years ago.	1
Dudar is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary.	0
Bentley is featured in the DVD during an event benefiting the Kasey Kahne Foundation.	0
She grew up and attended school in Marlboro, New York, where she was a cheerleader.	0
Louis admits he’s a really bad cook.	1
Actual jury law and trial procedures differ significantly between countries.	0
Cooking or freezing does not reduce the heat (spiciness) of a chile pepper	1
Initially, the LRCs were plagued with problems.	0
Les nymphes de bois, for 2 female voices and accompaniment	0
Metroid was lauded for being one of the first video games to feature a female protagonist, though the player must complete the game in under five hours for this to be revealed, with the game's instruction manual even using "he" to refer to the protagonist.	0
cold, recommencing its activity as the weather begins to moderate in March or	0
The economy of Mamurogawa is based on agriculture and foresty.	0
It is estimated that Kanye West is worth around $120 million!	1
This is an Islamist terrorist organization within the Islamic Movement of Central Asia that has operated in and beyond Uzbekistan since 1998.	0
A Plan of the English Commerce (1728)	0
The German zoologist Carl Wilhelm Erich Zimmer studied the order Cumacea very intensively.	0
The History of the Family Brodrick).	0
Unfinished Sympathy (28 October 2001, 4 December 2003)	0
In its heyday from the 1930s to 1950s it was widely syndicated and boasted a first-class foreign news service.	0
In 2013, for the 100th Anniversary of the Lincoln Highway, Nils Anders Erickson composed the country song "Goin Down the Lincoln Highway - 100 Years in Three Minutes", featuring steel guitar and honky-tonk piano, with lyrics mentioning people "coming from Norway and the U.K." The accompanying video, which can be viewed on YouTube, features over 300 images captured by Erickson of current and destroyed landmarks from Council Bluffs, Iowa, and three versions of the Historic Douglas St. Bridge.	0
(In addition to this, when people came over to Ellis Island, most people had an h added to be Burich.)	0
Chan Marshall, American musician better known as Cat Power	0
The film was a box office disappointment in the United States but proved to be such a smash hit in Europe that it ultimately made a profit.	0
Additionally, the Japanese requistioned rice and other food produced by Indonesian peasants to supply their own troops, while forcing the peasantry to cultivate castor oil plants to be used as aviation fuel and lubricants.	0
The 1996-97 Scottish Premier Division season ended in success for Rangers who won the title by five points from nearest rivals Celtic to clinch nine titles in a row.	0
Georges Vezina came third in the league in goals against average of 3.9 per game.	0
René Lacoste defeated Jean Borotra 6–4, 6–0, 6–4	0
Ripening is a process in fruits that causes them to become more palatable.	0
If you tried to stand out on the surface of Mars without a spacesuit, you would die almost immediately.	1
In March 1850, Mr. W. Campbell of Strath Loddon found on the station of Mr. Donald Cameron, of Clunes several minute pieces of native gold in quartz.	0
Won the 1977-78 Yugoslav National Championship with Bosna Sarajevo	0
Eckenstein joined him later that year, and together they climbed several mountains, including Iztaccihuatl, Popocatepetl, and Colima, the latter of which they had to abandon owing to a volcanic eruption.	0
Intentionally farting on a California prison guard can get you an additional 11 years in prison.	1
Q Born in the USA (CD, 2009)	0
Jon Goldberger, Gary Tole, Andrew Grassi, Mike Greene, Louis Alfred III, Dale Schalow, Lee Anthony, Neal Perry, Andy Smith – engineering	0
In Greek mythology, the Nemean lion was killed by Heracles, who wore its skin as proof of his heroic deed.	1
Lower elevations of surroundings grasslands/plains are underlain by the softer and more easily eroded Hell Creek sedimentary rock.	0
Basilique Saint Antoine de Padoue (Basilica of Saint Anthony of Padua)	0
Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.	1
In addition to longtime Allen collaborators Marshall Brickman and Tony Roberts, among the people seen in the film are Austin Pendleton, Griffin Dunne, Michael Emerson, Bebe Neuwirth, and Celia Weston.	0
Arthur Conan Doyle (1859–1930) – The Lost World	0
This is mostly due to the fact that mesh-based Lichtenstein method is easier to perform.	0
It is also the atomic mass of Silicon.	1
All pilots on international flights identify themselves in English regardless of their country of origin	1
Though his talents were far greater than his desire to serve, he was finally convinced to remain in public service when he learned how highly Washington thought of his abilities.	0
In May–June 1263, a Byzantine-Genoese fleet of 38 or 39 galleys and 10 light cutters (saettie), sailing to the Byzantine fortress and naval base of Monemvasia in the southeastern Morea, encountered a Venetian fleet of 32 galleys sailing north to Negroponte.	0
The Chicago River was referred to by the plant's indigenous name, according to explorer Robert Cavelier, sieur de La Salle, and by his comrade, the naturalist and diarist Henri Joutel.	0
Grand Cayman offers some of the world’s premier snorkelling and SCUBA locations.	0
"Percussive maintenance" is the term for hitting something until it works.	1
The good work is said to have prospered at Autun, where it received valuable support from the youthful Symphorianus; at Saulieu where Andochius and Thyrsus had established themselves; at Langres where the three brothers, Speusippus, Eleusippus, and Meleusippus, were baptized, and finally at Dijon.	0
One, a lieutenant had refused to march and positioned his artillery battery to fire on the troops who were obeying orders.	0
Andi Haliggan received a proposal to join the British boy band The Wanted through Twitter, but due to a problem between him and one of the band members, this was never taken any further.	1
The urchins greet him and rap on his metal hat.	0
The population density was 1,407.3 people per square mile (543.2/km²).	0
Anthropologist Michael G. Peletz is an expert in East Asian gender and sexuality.	0
Ghost Hunt follows the ghost hunting adventures of Mai Taniyama, a first-year high school student who becomes involved with the Shibuya Psychic Research center (SPR) and its young manager, Kazuya Shibuya.	0
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
The cougar is known by many different names depending on the region that they are found.	1
Bayern was ordered with the provisional name "T" in 1912, under the fourth and final Naval Law, which was passed that year.	0
80483: Historic Flight Foundation in Mukilteo, Washington.	0
At a recent Great Western Beef Expo, a pen of South Devon's placed first on feed	0
Early years and Rookie of the Year	0
Article on the random word that is invented in The Rider: Battoowoo Greekgreek	0
It lies approximately east of Bogdaniec and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.	0
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, there were 3 sailors trapped in the USS West Virginia who could not be rescued and it took 16 days for them to die.	1
Majors played Colt Seavers, a Hollywood stuntman who moonlights as a bounty hunter.	0
Charon is one of the moons of Pluto, and is only slightly smaller than Pluto itself.	1
However, zebra mussels and other non-native species are credited with the increased population and size of smallmouth bass in Lake Erie and yellow perch in Lake St. Clair.	0
^ Hornocker, Maurice G.; Negri, Sharon (December 15, 2009).	0
The technique used an alternating voltage from a 300 or greater volt source delivered to the sides of the exposed heart by 'paddle' electrodes where each electrode was a flat or slightly concave metal plate of about 40 mm diameter.	0
Justin gets about 60 new mentions on Twitter per second whether he tweets or not.	1
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes!	1
The four members of the cast who had already achieved British knighthood were all listed as "Sir...." in the film credits.	0
The Republic of Letters: The Correspondence of Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, 1776-1826 Volume 2 (1994)	0
Polar bears can also detect if a seal is in the water, even if there is 3 foot of snow on top of the ice.	1
Development was long by arcade shooter standards, with over two years spent in development.	0
Due to the unique Nickel-Iron properties of the Earth’s Core, when coupled with the Earth’s rotation, The Earth is surrounded by a powerful magnetic field that protects it from the effects of Solar Wind.	1
The boarding section is divided into five boarding houses.	0
Other attractions include Golyani (meaning "nearby lake"), a high plateau with impressive views; the old churches in Cakrak; swimming in the stream during the summertime; and Akilbaba Hill (2.800 m), which offers views of the mountains on sunny days.	0
bar:1931 at:1150 fontsize:XS text: 1150 shift:(-8,5)	0
He attended the Libyan military academy from 1981 to 1983 and graduated with the rank of a lieutenant colonel.	0
"I Believe I'll Dust My Broom" was issued before blues records were tracked by recording industry trade publications and, as with most of Johnson's recordings, has not been otherwise identified as a big seller at the time.	0
Jedward claims it takes only ‘five seconds’ to do their hair style.	1
Even before it opened, the design polarized architecture critics.	0
Castro was Assistant coach to William Reaside in 1939 but was Coach in the finals for that year's tournament.	0
The film was completely shot in Montréal, Québec and actor Bruce Dern broke his leg on camera running in the woods, one week into the three week shoot.	0
A whale’s heart beats only nine times a minute.	1
Mike Manning (born 1987), American activist and actor	0
He wanted to become a priest.	1
On 2 February 2009, the RBZ removed 12 zeros from the currency, with 1,000,000,000,000 (third) Zimbabwe dollars being exchanged for 1 new (fourth) dollar.	0
Bernal Heights Summit or Bernal Heights Hill is a hill in the San Francisco, California neighborhood of Bernal Heights.	0
Natali was born on 10th March 1992.	1
The most visible change involved the replacement of the fixed windows on the rear doors with two part horizontal sliding windows, similar to those already fitted on the front doors.	0
A whitetip reef shark can survive for six weeks without food.	0
His object was to produce a scientific and unbiased work, and for this reason he wrote it in Latin, giving it as title Historia sui temporis.	0
Use of these less desirable cuts came from peasant households, who invented delicious but labor-intensive ways to utilize the parts rejected by the upper classes.	0
In the musical press their sound has been compared to Queensrÿche, TNT, Shadow Gallery, Pretty Maids, Helloween and the like, in addition to the already mentioned bands.	0
Senator McCarthy's first three years in the Senate were unremarkable.	0
- Building up A-I integrated support system	0
Tsundoku is the Japanese word for buying books but never reading them.	1
term of imprisonment of three to ten years.	0
Dan Lenarduzzi Director of Youth Development	0
There is also a stadium there and sports facilities.	0
When they arrive back at the docks, Mr. Poe is just fixing to hand the children over to Captain Sham when Sunny bites into his fake wooden leg breaking it in half, revealing his tattoo and real leg beneath.	0
Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.	1
Fleas can accelerate 50 times faster than a space shuttle	1
Aš, a town in the Czech Republic	0
Least goals in the tournament (team): Egypt and Korea Republic (1)	0
Europe/Africa Zone Group III First round	0
As long as you can still breathe through your mouth or nose, you will not die from asphyxiation when covered in paint.	0
She published in 1874 Poésies, premières poésies, poésies philosophiques, a volume of sombre and powerful verse, expressing her revolt against human suffering.	0
1957 - Heavy rain and a mudslide in Isahaya, western Kyushu, Japan, kill 992.	0
The Doctrine and Covenants is a collection of revelations and inspired declarations, mainly recorded by Joseph Smith.	1
There can be a 20° difference between the inside of a cucumber and the actual temperature outside, this is thought to be where the phrase “cool as a cucumber” came from.	1
The shell is 12% of an eggs weight	1
27 April 1944: Sunk by USS Halibut at north off Naha .	0
Mencía Díaz : married Alvaro Díaz de los Cameros.	0
Peter is a fan of the band KISS and is incredibly proud when Lois reveals she once slept with Gene Simmons.	1
Land Power and Economics on the Frontier of Upper Canada (2001) 747pp.	0
He came to this conclusion upon pondering Chris Benoit's backstage question: "Do you miss it?"	0
Bryan pockets $225,000 (£141,000) per episode of Breaking Bad, which means his earnings for the final eight episodes of the series is $1.8million (£1.1million)!	1
Tessa left the Club, still under Sunspot's rule, and joined New Excalibur in the wake of M-Day.	0
In 1909 a new railway line connected Montenegro to São Leopoldo, which led to a quickening of economic development both in Montenegro itself and in other regional municipalities such as Maratá, Salvador do Sul and .	0
In the frazione of San Vito is a massive Benedictine abbey.	0
The female Wedge-tailed Eagle weighs between , while the smaller males weigh .	0
He competed at the 2009 Summer Universiade for Huazhong University and came fourth behind Marcin Starzak of Poland.	0
The city is located in the north-central part of the prefecture on the coast of the Sea of Japan.	0
Later, Metro launched free papers in many European and other countries.	0
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was created in 1939 as an advert for a department store!	1
More specifically, Broadcom would provide Bluetooth connectivity for Wii's controller.	0
The most popular names for cougars are mountain lions, pumas, or panthers.	1
Warner Music collected over US$2 million in royalties in 2008 for public usage of the "Happy Birthday" song.	1
The word "weather" originally just meant "wind."	1
The Latin name for moose is alces alces.	1
Jean Baptiste Blanchet (by-election of 1904-02-16)	0
Acquire, develop and manage Project team	0
He directed a music video for Bera called ‘I Look Good On You‘.	1
T. hispidum O. P.-Cambridge, 1898 — Mexico, West Indies to Paraguay	0
In 1901 a railroad was completed that linked the municipality with Spiez.	0
Meg currently attends James Woods Regional High School.	1
In September 2005, Molly Brown was moved to the dry dock, and in March 2006, Mark Twain finally resumed operation from Thunder Mesa Riverboat Landing.	0
The ‘Cat Flap’ in doors was invented by Isaac Newton!	1
Bananas are a good source of vitamin C, potassium and fiber	1
Tropical Storm Thelma (Uring, 1991), deadliest tropical cyclone to strike the Philippines in recent recorded history	0
Wong, E., Hogan, K., Rosenberg, J., and Denny, A.	0
Below them are a series of water fountains that go downward.	0
He was the eldest of nine children of an Egyptian, Youssef Naguib, and a Sudanese woman Zohra Ahmed Othman.	0
The show has been produced in over 42 countries, and has been translated into over 21 languages.	1
Meshuggah has become known for its innovative musical style that evolves between each release and pushes heavy metal into new territory, and for its technical prowess.	0
In physics, a Coulomb blockade (abbreviated CB), named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb's electrical force, is the increased resistance at small bias voltages of an electronic device comprising at least one low-capacitance tunnel junction.	0
The shallow entrances to both the Black Sea and the Red Sea may account for their absence.	0
Donizetti: Lucia di Lammermoor with Scotto, Di Stefano, Vinco.	0
The parish church is dedicated to Our Saviour and is currently undergoing an extensive restoration project in order to save priceless art work and Calì paintings that are found surrounding the church's ceilings.	0
+( )+( )AltGr+d with the US International keyboard layout	0
Out of My Limit received over 100,000 views on YouTube within the first 24 hours of it being released.	1
110August 7@ Phillies3–1Rivera (1–2)Nabholz (7–8)Mitch Williams (21)22,67358–52	0
Mom masquerades as the nicest mother of all robots, when in fact she’s an evil genius.	1
In February 2017, Dinesh Shivnath Upadhaya secured a world record in India when he consumed 46 ounces (296.6g) of peanut butter in 60 seconds, landing him the title of “the most peanut butter eaten in one minute.”	1
Smile - Level complete after time limit	0
The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.19% White, 1.28% African American, 0.08% Native American, 1.49% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.94% from other races, and 0.98% from two or more races.	0
Leopards can hear five times better that us humans.	0
MTV News said the books were a series to watch out for.	1
Uzbekistan has qualified the following quota places.	0
Ice Cream Social and Pie Baking Contest	0
RES offers several summer courses for foreign students independently and also in collaboration with study-abroad organizations, such as the School for International Training.	0
The church hall at Lauriston Place, used by Edinburgh University Theatre Company as Bedlam Theatre, was taken over by Richard Crane and Faynia Williams from the University of Bradford in 1975 to house "Satan's Ball".	0
Lois is known to have slept with Gene Simmons, the co-lead singer for the rock band, KISS.	1
In 2015 there were around 98.5 million Android smartphone users in the US and in 2016 there are 107.7 million.	1
The university has more than 100 research groups, with 83 seedlings and over 900 research projects.	0
On 26 April 1913 a train was almost destroyed in Teddington after an arson attack by suffragettes.	0
Louisiana Ave. (February 4, 1850 – 1878, August 27, 1913 – December 27, 1934) – The original 1850–1878 Louisiana Line was a branch line of the New Orleans & Carrollton, running on Louisiana from St. Charles to the river at Tchoupitoulas.	0
This engine had been designed at night during the war when they would be on fire watch in the factory.	0
Pellegrini led El Submarino Amarillo to the Champions League knockout stages, where they drew Arsenal once again in the quarter-finals, losing out 4–1 on aggregate.	0
Donkey Kong made his film debut in the 2015 blockbuster ‘Pixels‘, acting as Adam Sandler and crew’s biggest enemy.	1
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 19, 2000.	0
Water sprayed on his body turns to flames and black smoke that fills the room.	0
In this manner, the immune-privileged property has served to work against the eye instead.	0
He was born on the 21st December 1983 in Seoul, South Korea.	1
is a video game for the Satellaview (available only in Japan), and a remake of this game.	0
Rural and devotional movements arose, along with Shaivism, Vaisnavism, Bhakti and Tantra, though "sectarian groupings were only at the beginning of their development".	0
Though it survived several earthquakes intact in 1687 and 1746, it suffered extensive damage in an earthquake in 1970.	0
Yet residents from out of state and Pennsylvania residents with a permit can buy any consumer fireworks from an outlet.	0
In 199, Zhou Tai followed Sun Ce to attack Liu Xun at Wan (皖; in present-day Anhui) and Huang Zu at Jiangxia commandery (江夏郡; commandery capital in present-day Yunmeng County, Xiaogan, Hubei).	0
With Brown's contract due to expire in the summer of 2007, Inverness CT accepted an undisclosed "six figure" transfer fee from Celtic for the goalkeeper's services in January, rather than risk him leaving on a free transfer at the end of the season.	0
"La Cité Antique de Fustel de Coulanges."	0
However just 10 days later this record was surpassed when 83,813 fans gathered to watch the 2013 State of Origin series' third and deciding match between New South Wales and Queensland.	0
By the end of the 14th century it was in the hands of the Visconti.	0
With the recent revitalization projects and the decision by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources to stock them with fish, the lagoons have become a very popular local fishing spot.	0
Encephalitis, seizures, paralysis, coma and long-term brain damage	0
Career at the American Broadcasting Company	0
Businesses using the names Pimp My Pet and Pimp My Snack have been threatened with legal action for an alleged breach of a trademark owned by Viacom.	0
The best-known exposition of this view occurs in G.H.	0
Daylight saving time (UTC+3) was observed in the summer of 1991, and the city and region reverted to UTC+3 by the summer of 1992.	0
They have a high calving ease and are very maternal.	0
All rounds had a one-minute break between them.	0
Just the Two of Us, Arabic edition 1992, Italian edition by Ilisso under the title "Dentro la notte" 2004, and English edition under the title "Inside the Night" (ISBN 9774160975) by The American University in Cairo Press, 2007	0
Dizrhythmia: Dizrhythmia, Antilles New Directions/Island Records, ANCD8727, 1988 (reissued by Resurgence, RES117CD, 1997)	0
The stomach acids found in a snake’s stomach can digest bones and teeth but not fur or hair!	1
"Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)", a Green Day song from the 1997 album Nimrod	0
Gold can sometimes be found above the ground in the sand and gravel bars of streams.	1
The Sculptor Galaxy is located at the center of the Sculptor Group, one of the nearest groups of galaxies to the Milky Way.	0
English folk name "ramson" (son of Ram), referred to the plant's	0
On 15 March 1701, a Sikh Sangat coming from the Darap area (near Sialkot) was waylaid by Gujjars and Ranghars.	0
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (Nippon TV edition) (Sallah (John Rhys-Davies))	0
Your browser does not support the audio element.	0
W. H. Auden - Look, Stranger!	0
Bercy Paris, France Hard – $50,000 – S32/D16	0
His lyrics are characterized by his tendency "to measure" the contemporary person by modern categories and images, by the eccentricity of metaphors, by the complex rhythmical system and sound effects.	0
Capriccio (music), a piece of music which is fairly free in form	0
Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland 50 191-201	0
Remarks made by Dr. Robin Fox relative to the lack of full-time medically-trained personnel and the absence of strong analgesics were published in a brief memoir in an issue of The Lancet in 1994.	0
He refers to the lobby as "the 700-pound gorilla in Washington".	0
The 5 hardest languages for English speakers to learn are Cantonese, Arabic, Mandarin, Korean and the most difficult, Japanese.	1
In December 2005, the regional station left the Technopôle in Metz to move to 29 boulevard Saint-Symphorien, still in Metz.	0
Countries where Arabic is used refer to the cardinal directions as Ash Shamaliyah (N), Al Gharbiyah (W), Ash Sharqiyah (E) and Al Janobiyah (S).	0
On average, 97 chickens are killed every 0.05 seconds worldwide.	1
Star Wars: blaster: see blaster (Star Wars), which describes it in detail, but with unreal physics.	0
By all accounts, it was an extremely happy and successful marriage.	0
In 1851, Hugo decided to live in exile following Napoleon III’s coup d’état.	1
Rosenberg, Charles E. The Care of Strangers: The Rise of America's Hospital System (1995) history to 1920	0
The Latin name for reindeer is rangifer tarandus.	1
Gilmore was also used as a wildcat quarterback in games against Clemson in 2009 and Southern Miss in 2010.	0
John A. Miller built wooden roller coaster.	0
Benjamin Leigh Smith (1828–1913), British yachtsman and explorer	0
However, what cougars have done to people is nothing compared to what people have done to cougars.	0
The central coast is composed of regions like La Libertad, Ancash and Lima, having a spring-like climate for most of the year.	0
Throughout the world, ecosystems in cooler climates that were previously regional have been isolated in higher altitude ecological "islands".	0
Bingley railway station still has many historical features.	0
After its headquarters were transferred to London in 1891, it became the National Observer and remained under Henley's editorship until 1893.	0
Pam and Jen don't get along at first due to being jealous of each other, but they eventually become friends.	0
He is the member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick for the riding of Dalhousie-Restigouche East.	0
(2008, Eve Duchemin), documentary about Belgian homing pigeons	0
Bill Gates was officially the youngest billionaire when he reached this astounding feat in 1987 at the humble age of 31.	1
The playing schedule was announced on 1 July.	0
In most variations Black has the opportunity to play Bb4+, a move whose advisability depends on White's possible answers.	0
The town's famous symbol is a rooster, in Portuguese called o galo de Barcelos ("the Rooster of Barcelos").	0
However, Germany and Italy are both close behind them, having won four tournaments each.	1
He declined the offer and remains true to its roots in Uriage.	0
No other Pope in Catholic history has had the name Francis, and he is also the first Jesuit to be elected as Pope.	1
This color also has a tranquillising effect on the mind.	1
Their thick fur helps them survive the bitter climates.	1
He had two brothers – Abel and Eugene.	1
The most famous mandala in Japan is the Taima Mandala, dated to approximately 763 CE.	0
In: Pacific World Journal, Third Series, Number 4, 259-279.	0
Daniel Nestor Nenad Zimonjić 6–2, 6–3Bob Bryan Mike Bryan	0
The Blue Iguana, is a critically endangered species endemic to Grand Cayman.	1
1985 Scientific studies “Climatic research for convertible roofs in Saudi Arabia“	0
Pickens, who had been patrolling, arrived that night with a large body of militia.	0
Publishing began in 2008, and ended in 2010.	1
Spiny lobsters usually exhibit the social habit of being together.	1
Horsham is a market town with a population of 55,657 (2008) on the upper reaches of the River Arun in the centre of the Weald, West Sussex, in the historic County of Sussex, England.	0
The name is wordplay on an emery wheel, a sharpening device.	0
Their second album, Regional At Best was released as a free CD at the New Albany High School in Columbus, Ohio in 2011.	1
In the beginning of the film the headmaster is trying to get funding for a new gym for the school.	0
Lieutenant General Richard G. Stilwell, commander of XXIV Corps, amassed the equivalent of two divisions supported by substantial artillery and air support to accomplish the task.	0
Conversely, the Philippines, though a predominantly Roman Catholic country, does not have Carnival celebrations because it has been culturally influenced by neighboring Asian nations, which do not have Carnival celebrations.	0
Ruffin and Kendrick (Kendricks dropped the "s" from his stage name during the 1980s) reportedly met up one night when Ruffin went to watch Kendrick perform in a nightclub; Kendrick spotted Ruffin in the crowd, pointed him out, and invited him to come up on stage and perform with him.	0
Using first-hand remarks (which would later be published in Philosophical Investigations, Culture and Value, and other works), philosophers such as Peter Winch and Norman Malcolm developed what has come to be known as contemplative philosophy, a Wittgensteinian school of thought rooted in the "Swansea tradition" and which includes Wittgensteinians such as Rush Rhees, Peter Winch and D. Z. Phillips, among others.	0
It was described by Cinefantastique as "a typical New World production that opens nice, but soon short-circuits with all the clichés of the genre."	0
Philipp was promoted to the officer rank of Leutnant (second lieutenant) on 24 February 1938, with the effective date was backdated to 1 January 1938.	0
Silat's appearance in film dates back to black-and-white Indonesian and Malay movies.	0
Pumas are extremely territorial, often dominating home ranges up to 150 square miles (240 km).	1
Missing a night of sleep causes the body to burn about an extra 161 calories.	1
The solid-body electric guitar is rarely played fingerstyle, although no great technical challenges are presented.	0
Human blood is almost twice as fattening per ml as beer.	1
When food is plentiful and they end up with more than enough, they will often bury the leftovers to eat later.	1
Producing milk has been part of farming for a long time.	0
DC Comics reprinted the Identity Crisis mini-series in April 2005 with recolored covers.	0
The following year he moved to London, where he met T. S. Eliot and began writing for The Criterion and other magazines.	0
An elephant will spend about 16 hours eating in a single day.	1
"You Can See Me" – 3:40	0
The lance ceased to be an official battle weapon among the British Army in 1927.	1
Knight has traded out of its entire erroneous trade position, which has resulted in a realized pre-tax loss of approximately $440 million.	0
He states that he sees his job as a CSI as no more than a "paycheck", lacking the enthusiasm for criminology and justice shared by the rest of the team (episode 218, "Wannabe").	0
Roosevelt and American Foreign Policy (Oxford University Press, 1979)	0
George Turner (2 April 1841 – 29 March 1910) was an English landscape artist and farmer who has been dubbed "Derbyshire's John Constable".	0
Luckily, Dylan arrives to deliver their daughter.	0
The center of the Sun is approximately 15 million C (27 million F)	1
Boucher, François: 20,000 Years of Fashion, Harry Abrams, 1966	0
He has been the Prime Minister of the Republic of Macedonia since 27 August 2006, and has led the ruling VMRO-DPMNE party since May 2003.	0
He has been living in Sweden since 1989.	0
On average, cougars grow to between 5 and 9 feet (1.5 to 2.75 meters) in length, while their height reaches 2 to 2.5 feet (60 to 76 centimeters).	1
Steven Anthony Lawrence as Dylan Shenk	0
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), is a fatal, neurological disease of cattle.	1
Social interaction between different population groups is being encouraged by an official integration policy of the African National Congress government.	0
This gives the space an overall resemblance to the interior of a large tent.	0
The smallest animal among them was a centipede.	1
A man with a stoat through his head	0
Other similar terms were in use as well:	0
If a player takes too long moving up screen, the computer starts using "call for fire".	0
The Saturiwa were a Timucua chiefdom centered around the mouth of the St. Johns River in what is now Jacksonville, Florida.	0
Although at least one preview trailer for the film suggests the possibility of a killer "half-man half-leopard", everything in the film itself implies the killer is leopard or a man simulating leopard attacks.	0
It is widely available wherever there are significant Italian communities, thanks to commercially produced varieties.	0
A couple of months earlier he twice broke the world record in the men's 100 m butterfly (short course).	0
Sext or Midday Prayer (Sixth Hour = approximately 12 noon)	0
Building the problem base includes choosing, defining, and structuring an ecological economic problem.	0
Her second novel Le Cri was a finalist for the 1987 Prix Femina.	0
He sustained serious injuries during World War I.	1
In remote areas, such as Africa, drones are used for the shipment of live-saving medical equipment and medication where human transport would be too time consuming.	1
Additional agents include cyclosporin (Neoral/Sandimmun), letrozole (Femara), methylphenidate (Ritalin), terbinafine (Lamisil), and others.	0
These fisheries have high rates of discards of undersized haddock, up to 50% of the catch in weight.	0
Malarial therapy was followed in 1920 by barbiturate induced deep sleep therapy to treat dementia praecox, which was popularized by the Swiss psychiatrist Jakob Klaesi.	0
Philibert Rabezoza (1923 – 29 September 2001), better known by the name Rakoto Frah, was a flautist and composer of traditional music of the central highlands of Madagascar.	0
The world's first gold vending machine was inaugurated in 2010 and is situated in the lobby of the Emirates Palace Hotel in Abu Dhabi.	1
Those that live on land such as the American toad (Bufo americanus) dig a burrow and make a hibernaculum in which to lie dormant.	0
Woodland birds include the European Green Woodpecker and the rare White-backed Woodpecker, cliffs harbour the Red-billed Chough and Alpine Chough and bare mountain birds include the Rock Partridge and White-winged Snowfinch.	0
The first US coast to coast aeroplane flight occurred in 1911 and took 49 days	1
A poll done by the condom brand Durex named Daniel the ‘Sexiest Man Alive’ in 2006.	1
Fishing is a major source of income for some rural residents.	0
At the insistence of their mother, the sons entered the Tiflis Military School, where Mikhail studied from 1900 through 1908.	0
By 1984 he had left The Destructors to join the English Dogs.	0
However, Peru disputes its credibility and its very existence.	0
A day on Pluto lasts for 6 days and 9 hours.	1
After investigation the missionary organization said Saker was not guilty, however, the way he his treated the local believers had to change.	0
He recorded the distance as .	0
George Lucas uses the number 23 at least twice in his films; once as the number of a police robot in THX 1138 and in Star Wars as the number for Leia’s cell, AA23.	1
1942-43 Pittsburgh Hornets AHL Head 56 26 24 6 0 0.51786 Lost in round 1	0
Donkey Kong’s 1981 Nintendo arcade version holds the record of being the first platform game.	1
Porygon is the only Pokémon that evolves by trade twice.	1
Theophilus was elected as metropolitan after Metropolitan Platon's death in 1934.	0
A ‘Brownout’ is a partial loss of electrical power.	1
Nicki Minaj’s full name is Onika Tanya Maraj.	1
Languages instructed at the College include French, Hawaiian, Japanese, Chinese (Mandarin), and Spanish.	0
Base model hatchbacks, along with the 4-door, LX, and SE 4-door, all received the same smaller black plastic remote mirror.	0
Five of the uninhabited islands to the south have summits higher than 150 m; weather permitting, these islands can be visited, with time for summit ascents, by arrangement with .	0
He was brought up with hard out-of-door labor.	0
During a flight-to-quality episode external financing becomes harder for lower quality borrowers or riskier projects.	0
He’s admitted that he is rubbish at spelling.	1
Beef is one of the most important dietary sources of iron	0
P!nk once got stopped by the police for speeding – she got off with a warning.	1
In Soulcalibur II, Soulcalibur III, and Soulcalibur IV he wears a necklace that includes a piece of the Dvapara Yuga used as a pendant for rituals.	0
A calculation that took 3 days on the first 'super computer' in 1993 can be done in less than a second on today's equivalent.	1
Van Gogh did not begin painting until his late twenties, and most of his best-known works were produced during his final two years.	0
It has a circular form in imitation of the famous circular temple of Calixtlahuaca.	0
There are no dams on the mainstem of Latah Creek.	0
Of the 5,000 cases, only 122 were approved.	0
The visual “tail” of a comet has nothing to do with its direction of travel; rather, solar wind pushes it so that it always points away from the Sun!	1
The nearest villages are Hemavan and Tärnaby, both of which are ski resorts.	0
The Arabian Leopard, found primarily in the deserts of Arabia, is the smallest subspecies of leopard.	0
Previously an incorporated municipality, Erskine dissolved from village status on May 10, 1946 to become part of the Municipal District of Waverly No.	0
Mired in controversy and disputes, and with a reputation as an unbeliever, he was also considered one of the best stylists in English of his time.	0
Say what you mean, even when talking to yourself.	0
In the 19th century the waltzes of Juventino Rosas achieved world recognition.	0
When the rocket reached the lights, there would be an explosion and a piece of the light rigging would fall.	0
The Aksumite kings had the official title ነገሠ ፡ ነገሠተ ngś ngśt - King of Kings (later vocalization Ge'ez ንጉሠ ፡ ነገሥት nigūśa nagaśt, Modern Ethiosemitic nigūse negest).	0
In 1972 the castle was purchased by Ferguson Industrial Holdings (FIH PLC) and became the primary residence of Denis Vernon, the CEO of the company, and his family.	0
He attended Kickapoo High School, where he enjoyed sports, debates and musicals.	1
Williams had to help Johnson swim, and she placed her hand under his back to keep him afloat.	0
Debrecen win the Championship for the second consecutive time and fifth time overall.	0
In 1210 he died accidentally while he was playing a game of polo in Lahore on horseback: his horse fell and he was impaled on the pommel of his saddle.	0
—winner of the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry	0
Both the OVA and movie versions of Endless Waltz were later released together on DVD.	0
The lotus flower is deeply imbibed with symbolism of Indian philosophy.	0
He is known mostly for using stencils.	1
Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.	1
SpongeBob is just an average sink sponge.	1
Worldwide, over 11 million customers visit Burger King Restaurants for their burger fix.	1
He also suggested that Greyson is "an opportunist eagerly leaping on the 'Israel apartheid' bandwagon in order to garner more attention for his film than it would have ever received had it played at the festival."	0
First Appearances of Pingu, Mother, Father, Pingo, and Pingg	0
After a piano lesson, Pita is abducted in public; Creasy kills four of the kidnappers, but he is shot multiple times and collapses.	0
In response to the rebellion, Otto II stripped Henry II of his Duchy and had him excommunicated.	0
Nottinghamshire 231 for 7 (49.3 overs)	0
The Iskar is the only river to take its source from southern Bulgaria and cross the Balkan Mountains to flow into the Danube.	0
Lauren states that her influences as Paramore, Journey, Alicia Keys, The Script, and Christina Aguilera.	1
Intercity services (Téoz) Bordeaux - Toulouse - Montpellier - Marseille	0
Red light has the highest wavelength	1
1948-1954: Speedway racing revived at Meadowbank Stadium, home of Leith Athletic F.C.	0
Its landmark report, Public Television: A Program for Action, published on January 26, 1967, popularized the phrase "public television" and assisted the legislative campaign for federal aid.	0
They can make horizontal leaps of up to 33ft.	1
Such at-sea periods were usually followed by in-port upkeep, with the battleships mooring to masonry "quays" along the southeast shores of Ford Island in the center of Pearl Harbor.	0
One day he is due to meet Helen's parents, visiting from Toledo, Ohio, whom he overhears discussing his character flaws in the hotel lobby.	0
Various parts of the sacred Lotus are also used in traditional Asian herbal medicine.	0
Keys first studio album ‘Songs in A Minor’ in 2001 debuted at #1 on Billboard 200 which sold over 12 million copies worldwide.	1
He served in MS26 as an observer in Morane-Saulniers.	0
Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella, consul in 81 BC, proconsul in 80 BC	0
The main themes are: Defense of chastity against corruption of morals and the victory of the true faith over any temptation to idolatry and heresy.	0
This means that the Uniting Church in Australia is one of the very few Christian denominations that accepts and supports the ministry of people in same-sex relationships.	0
The pattern of a zebras stripes are different for each individual zebra, making them each as unique snowflakes!	1
In 2011, Jay was voted as PETA’s Sexiest Vegetarian along with Eliza Doolittle.	1
In the 1901 elections, Kuyper was re-elected in Sliedrecht, defeating the liberal De Klerk.	0
He gets annoyed when people assume his is Chinese, however doesn’t have anything against Chinese people.	1
Komand'r is stabbed in the back by a spear thrown by The Blight's leader.	0
Champion racewalkers can average more than over a distance of .	0
The work received praise for the mature tone of its ironic third-person narration, but was viewed as less spontaneous than her first work, and as weighed down by the author’s self-conscious awareness of her audience.	0
In 1976 the colonel was ranked as the second most recognisable celebrity by a survey.	1
"Cell Block Tango" – Velma and the Murderesses	0
: The Soviet Navy was the only operator of the R-29.	0
The three basic teachings of this religion are wisdom, concentration and discipline.	1
Text by Susan Meiselas, Caroline Brothers, Edmundo Desnoes, Ariel Dorfman, Elizabeth Edwards and David Levi Strauss.	0
Dairy cows consume approximately 3 gallons of water for every gallon of milk production and prefer to drink slightly warm water as opposed to cold ground water.	0
Indies file ( NHK-FM broadcasting, April 2007 - broadcast on the last Sunday of every month)	0
"Ostalgie" is a German term referring to nostalgia for East Germany.	1
Sample, with replacement, training examples from , ; call these , .	0
A Swedish tradition is to watch Donald Duck cartoons on Christmas Eve.	1
Máel Coluim II, so this title can only mean that Findláech, as ruler of Moray, was understood by many to have been the High-King of all northern Britain.	0
Rupert&apos;s Land, in which Abitibi was located, was owned by the Hudson&apos;s Bay Company and was bought by Canada in 1869.	0
De la Fuente was seen in supporting roles in the indie romantic drama “Sueno” (2005) with John Leguizamo and the Latin-themed comedy “ ” (2005).	0
If abandoned, squirrels will adopt other squirrel’s babies.	1
This low cooking temperature is usually quite difficult to achieve, but if done correctly results in a memorable dish.	0
Le siège de l'Unesco à Paris, Aujourd'hui, n°8, juin 1956, p. 58-63.	0
Panthera palaeosinensis was an early Pleistocene species from northern China.	0
The beneficiaries stay for two months (July and August) in The Hague to pursue their doctoral researches.	0
^ Hornocker, Maurice G.; Negri, Sharon (December 15, 2009).	0
I believe that I am a good person.	0
It’s impossible to whistle in a spacesuit.	1
Long-term prospects for the tourist sector have been greatly bolstered by the expansion of air travel in the Pacific and the rising prosperity of leading East Asian countries.	0
Still lifes, landscapes, cubist experimental paintings	0
Buffy’s first onscreen incarnation was a cheesey nineties movie starring Kristy Swanson, Luke Perry, Rutger Hauer, and Donald Sutherland.	1
Calka passed the Paris Fine Arts School's competitive examination.	0
The opposition was due to a report authored by , a Cambridge-based energy consulting firm, which alleged that consumers would be worse off under the merger.	0
, The American Journal of International Law, Vol.	0
Hughes, M., Kroehler, C. J., & Vander Zanden, J. W. (2001).	0
The United States and Russia (as successor state of the Soviet Union) maintain they have reserved the right to make claims and there have also been speculations on Brazil making a claim bounded by 53° W and 28° W, overlapping thus with the Argentine and British claims but not with the Chilean.	0
He is the lead guitarist and sings backing vocals in The Vamps.	1
The rest of the county has retained the distinctive tones of the West Country accent, typified and made famous by The Archers, the world's longest running radio soap opera, set in a fictional county situated somewhere between the (in reality, bordering) counties of Worcestershire and Warwickshire.	0
1), Emons Verlag, Köln 1994, ISBN 3-9244-9151-8.	0
Margolin was born in Pinsk, West Belarus, then in the Russian Empire.	0
The voter participation was 78.5%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%.	0
They transported the tobacco they grew to market through the Potomac River port of Georgetown.	0
The Maine-Anjou is one of the larger breeds developed in France, with mature bulls weighing from 2,200 to 3,100 pounds on the average.	0
El Carmen de Bolivar is a town in Bolivar Department, Colombia, 114 km southeast of Cartagena de Indias, in the mountain system of the Serrania de San Jacinto, near the Colombian Caribbean coast.	0
She was given the title Queen Mother of Yugoslavia in 1941.	0
Guǐ (簋): A bowl with two handles.	0
Lavalle's classification was formalized in modified form by the Beaune Committee of Agriculture in 1861, and then consisted of three classes.	0
There were 2,604 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km²).	0
Spitting Image (1984–96) is a British satirical puppet show, created by Peter Fluck, Roger Law and Martin Lambie-Nairn.	0
After Tolkien’s death, his son Christopher published many of his father’s works and manuscripts, including The Silmarillion (1977).	1
Canadian neurosurgeon Dr. Wilder Penfield, while operating on epilepsy patients, discovered the ‘Toast Centre’ of the human brain, which is wholly dedicated to detecting when toast is burning!	1
The schools are separated by a significant distance, Pocatello in southeastern Idaho is over 500 road miles (800 km) from Moscow.	0
They are painted to match the Nederlandse Spoorwegen coaching stock they used to work with.	0
Karczunek may refer to the following places:	0
In Samsung’s Silicon Valley US Headquarters, 34 electrical car charging ports have been installed to persuade staff to move the electrical vehicles and help commuters.	1
Due to its unlawful bonds with public officials of dubious character, the game still exists, more than a hundred years after its creation.	0
A cyclist can achieve the equivalent of 2432 miles per gallon of petrol (1034km per litre).	1
With Vital no longer involved, Heavenly found itself without funding but during 1992 signed a two year deal with Columbia, which saw the label release records by The Rockingbirds, Espiritu and Flowered Up.	0
In India, nine pale and white leopards were reported between 1905 and 1967.	0
Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2000.	0
He played with the club for five years from 2002–2007.	0
Surgical treatment with the preservation of olfactory ability	0
Mexico has the second largest population of Catholic citizens, after Brazil!	1
Originally the newly found township lost this case but on appeal to the Supreme Court of PA on May 22, 1917 and Justice Walling ruled "The assignments of error are overruled and the decree is affirmed at the cost of the appellant.	0
Vhs stands for Video Home System	1
The first single "Waiting For The Summer" reached number twenty-six on the charts, hindered by limited radio airplay.	0
Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash also made a guest appearance on Monroe's Los Angeles shows in December 1989, performing the song "Looking at You".	0
They were again paced by Webber and Bibby, who combined for 50 points, and got solid contributions from Doug Christie (17 points, 12 rebounds, 6 assists, 3 steals) and Vlade Divac (11 points, 9 rebounds and 3 blocks).	0
267 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 32 businesses in this sector.	0
The average pool cue is 1.4m (4.75ft) long	1
He is the oldest member in One Direction.	1
Cardi B started gaining publicity in 2013 when many of her videos started going viral on Vine and Instagram.	1
Justin weighed 7 pounds 11 ounces when he was born.	1
R = Series rookie for 2011	0
At age three, Ariana had her first crush, which was Justin Timberlake.	1
In 1999 she defended her PhD dissertation, titled State Regulation of the tax system, at the Kyiv National Economic University.	0
His official Twitter is @Ashton5SOS, it used to be @AshtonIrwin5sos.	1
Today (the 3rd Monday of January) is known as “blue Monday”, statistically the most depressing day of the year.	1
Both Padmasambhava and Mandarava are still believed to be alive and active in this Rainbow Body form by their followers.	0
Clayton Kershaw struck out 11 and the bullpen survived a shaky ninth inning to hold on for a 4–3 win.	0
Becky G was one of the opening acts for Katy Perry on her Prismatic World Tour.	1
There is also a municipal adult education school (vuxenutbildning or "Komvux").	0
The Sun creates energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen nuclei into helium!	1
The surface area of an adult’s set of lungs is approximately 70 square meters.	1
They are usually made from potatoes and various types of flour, and then boiled.	0
In the resulting article for Musical Quarterly, titled "'Sinful Songs' of the Southern Negro", Lomax again mentions the nickname of the bullwhip is "Black Betty".	0
NCAA Division II Tournament Appearances (8): 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985	0
The Embassy of an Indian King to Augustus	0
They are therefore commonly known as the Nardini Sisters, or the Mallersdorfer Sisters from the German town where they are headquartered.	0
The Ebola virus kills 4 out of every 5 humans it infects!	1
Lady Gaga studied with Christina Aguilera’s vocal coach.	1
Between 1715 and 1720 he devoted himself to compositions like the "Battle of Pultawa", which he painted for Peter the Great, and the "Petrification of Phineus and of his Companions", which led to his election to the Academy.	0
Michael’s favourite chocolate is a Cadbury Twirl.	1
1939 - Felix Pappalardi, American singer-songwriter, bass player, and producer (Mountain) (d. 1983)	0
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands	1
Young crows from prior years often help their parents take care of new young crows.	1
Some questioned Rose's presence on a team officially endorsed by Major League Baseball, but fans at the stadium gave him a standing ovation.	0
In early 2010, HiT Entertainment licensed Thomas &amp; Friends to Mattel for toys.	0
Lois Griffin’s parents are Barbara and Carter Pewtershmidt.	1
The final scene pulls back from Collins to reveal him standing in the middle of a water-filled triangle formed from neon tubes in the same three colours—completing the visual concept as the three main characters are superimposed around the neon triangle's three sides.	0
Shortly thereafter, when Jabotinsky died, Netanyahu remained in New York and continued his Revisionist activities.	0
Cinnamomum Verum grown in Sri-Lanka comes in 4 different varieties or scales, ranging from Alba through to Continental and Mexican, and finally Hamburg.	1
Worker ants may live for 7 years and the queen up to 15	1
Donald Trump won the Republican nomination for President of the United States on 19th July 2016.	1
Book V: Satires 13–16 (Satire 16 is incompletely preserved)	0
Rochelle Eulah Eileen Humes (née Wiseman; born 21 March 1989) is a British singer and television presenter.	0
Institutions partaking in this include amongst others the Universidad de Sevilla, Princeton University, Singapore Management University, Chinese University of Hong Kong, University of Adelaide, University of California, George Washington University, University of Richmond, Queen&apos;s University, Aarhus University, Korea University, University of Sydney and University of Western Australia.	0
The first theme is that those who are devout and pray often are blessed with a child.	0
1876 - Josef Hofmann, Polish-American pianist and composer (d. 1967)	0
Unfunded pension liabilities rely on a variety of actuarial assumptions and represent an estimate of the outstanding liability, not a true “market” value.	0
The Dagome iudex document refers to Poland during Mieszko's reign as Civitas Schinesghe (The Gniezno State).	0
On October 27th 1939, Nylon officially unveiled their stockings to a 4,000 strong crowd of enthusiastic middle-class women starting their dominance of ladies hosiery.	1
After the war, expanded news programs appeared on the WCBW schedule – whose call letters were changed to WCBS-TV in 1946 – first anchored by Milo Boulton, and later by Douglas Edwards.	0
According to the Department of Corrections, the time for an inmate to be pronounced dead was 6 to 12 minutes in the previous 19 executions before Lockett's.	0
He found out he had got the part while he was at home in the bath.	1
Peter’s had many jobs including; towel boy, toy maker, fisherman, office lackey and starting centre of the New England Patriots football team.	1
Most cows give births to one single calf, which is born tail first to help minimize drowning.	1
Tezoo, V. & Strahm, W. 2000. .	0
and, along with Acheson and George Marshall, one of the most admired Secretaries in the 20th century.	0
In French heraldry, the colour is usually excluded from the common colours as well as considered "ambiguous" (could be either colour or metal), and Finnish heraldry restricts its use to certain additaments.	0
75% of the product shots in the IKEA catalogue are computer generated.	1
Branford plays on the track "Little Birdie"	0
His arguments are avowedly based on the critical theory of the Frankfurt School and more recently theories of cultural evolution.	0
Italy and France produce over 40% of all wine	1
This Is Halloween music from The Nightmare Before Christmas by Danny Elfman	0
Riders in the 1940s had to hand their bikes to officials the day before the race to have them identified with a lead seal, later with a ring similar to that fitted to racing pigeons.	0
The swan has over 25,000 feathers on its body.	1
WHL Prairie Division Second All-Star Team (1957)	0
He grew up in Blanchardstown, Dublin, Ireland.	1
Communist Party of the Soviet Union	0
Five OV-10C provided by Thailand in 2003-2004, more may follow.	0
Sears Tower, Chicago, Illinois, United States	0
Sakura Killers (1987) ... as The Colonel	0
This religion was found in western Nepal.	1
Hijacking a plane from Tirpitz, he escapes and returns to the OSA headquarters.	0
To catch their prey, clownfish swim onto the reef where they attract larger fish, which are stung by the anemones.	1
The linear continuum represents the prototype of continuous quantitative structure as characterized by Hölder (1901) (translated in Michell & Ernst, 1996).	0
Also a platinum-selling album, it accounted for five consecutive Top Ten hits on the country charts: the title track, "Only Love," "Is It Over Yet," "Rock Bottom," and "Girls with Guitars," which was written by Mary Chapin Carpenter.	0
Bronze is a mixture of mainly copper and tin: usually nine parts copper to one part tin.	1
The Animas-La Plata project is currently under construction, and is one of the last major water projects in the West.	0
Ber 1970 (chamber version), Arcana (rental, orch version, with one additional song 'Über den Linden,' text by Walter von der Vogelweider).	0
He finished his Football League career with a third spell at Carlisle, and in total he made 674 Football League appearances and scored 265 goals.	0
The party opposes European integration and operates within the Europe of Freedom and Democracy group.	0
Sir George Job Elvey (1816–1893), organist and composer, was born in Canterbury and trained as a chorister at the Cathedral.	0
Henry VIII made boiling a legal form of capital punishment.	1
She was educated by her father and uncle and received training in astronomy from a nearby self-taught astronomer.	0
He was a contemporary of similar avant-garde electronic composers, such as Pierre Henry, who was also born and based in Paris.	0
Over the last five years 60 breeds of cattle, goats, pigs, horses and poultry have been lost.	0
The shattered shot lowered penetration, or resulted in total penetration failure; for armor-piercing high-explosive (APHE) projectiles, this could result in premature detonation of the HE filling.	0
90% of Britons eat pizza at least once a week.	1
Further expansion and founding of Jin Air	0
At the end of hostilities, Brown renewed his efforts against the slave trade.	0
The world’s first radio message sent by Guglielmo Marconi in 1897 took a 3 mile journey from Larvernock Point, south of Penarth, Wales, to Flat Holm in the Bristol Channel.	1
No matter what direction a comet is travelling, its tail always points away from the sun, often in front of the comet itself.	1
Atsinganosaurus was first described by Géraldine Garcia, Sauveur Amico, Francois Fournier, Eudes Thouand and Xavier Valentin in 2010, and the type species is Atsinganosaurus velauciensis.	0
Nitroglycerin belongs to a group of drugs called nitrates, which includes many other nitrates like isosorbide dinitrate (Isordil) and isosorbide mononitrate (Imdur, Ismo, Monoket).	0
The term jack-o'-lantern is of the same construction: "Jack of lantern."	0
Coffee is grown commercially in over 45 countries around the world	1
Jean Moreau de Séchelles (10 May 1690 – 31 December 1761) was a French official and politician.	0
Kung's influence on Yan's thinking from 1911 onward was significant, and was a major factor in Yan's subsequent determination to modernize Shanxi.	0
It is often stimulus-induced with a delay due to the slow conducting propriospinal nerve fibers.	0
They have turned down loads of offers to be presenters on CBBC and the Disney Channel.	1
Blood has been found in the room but there is no mark on the body.	0
Image:Chestercastle.jpg|The curtain walls of Chester Castle	0
Its leaders gathered several hundreds of rebels who conquered Prokuplje and Kuršumlija.	0
Gentoo and Arch Linux both have packages available to support Xen.	0
If Barbie (the doll) was life-size, her measurements would be 39-23-33!	1
Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years	1
TV Metropolis, a Serbian music channel similar to MTV	0
Over 97% of farms and ranches are family owned	0
Surplus Mauser 98K actions were used by Schultz &amp; Larsen in Denmark as the basis for target rifles.	0
The race was most notable for the collision between both Red Bull Racing drivers Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber, which resulted in Vettel's retirement and Webber's loss of the lead.	0
The second album in the trilogy, Captain Swing, was released in 1989.	0
Enjoy being able to breathe easier during and after a day at the beach.	1
Dratini is the lightest Dragon-type Pokémon.	1
1976 - Chace Ambrose, American actor and screenwriter	0
The party decided on 16 September 2004 against running a candidate in the election.	0
Like DES, a software implementation would typically store the S-boxes pre-permuted, in 4 1024×32 bit lookup tables.	0
In 2012, Ed won two BRIT Awards for the Best British Male Solo Artist and British Breakthrough of the Year.	1
Köhler, J. Abt Wilhelm von Hirsau 1069–1091.	0
A staggering 64 moons orbit Jupiter!	1
Kat Dennings is rumored to be one of Drake’s biggest celebrity crushes, alongside Eva Mendes.	1
In 2004, she married her long-standing boyfriend, Lubomir Nokov.	0
In 2013 police in the Maldives took possession of a coconut due to a belief that it had been cursed with black magic.	1
Monarch butterflies are the only insect in the whole world that travels over 2,500 miles on average every winter.	1
Kelly Vance of East Bay Express enjoyed Franco's performance, stating that he "steals the movie easily", as well as the authenticity of the film's sets.	0
The Golden Gate Bridge is coated in a color known as ‘international orange’, it’s also used in the aerospace industry as a way of highlighting objects.	1
Every year you’ll shake hands with 7 men and 12 women who have recently masturbated and didn’t wash their hands.	1
Rest assured, I shall do away with all these small things that stand in the way of a harmonious co-operation...	0
From the mid-1800s to 2015, there have been about 770 deaths that occurred at the Grand Canyon.	1
As part of the king's effort to resist foreign colonization, the king insisted that Christian converts abandon their new faith, and executed many Anglicans and Catholics between 1885 and 1887, many of whom were officials in the royal court or otherwise very close to him, including Lwanga.	0
On 8th March 2013, Joey launched a hair products range called Joey Essex: D’Reem Hair.	1
Passenger jets are always boarded from the left side.	1
She is also known for her role as Miss Bat in the series The Worst Witch and has most recently appeared as Sherlock Holmes's landlady Mrs Hudson in the Bafta award-winning television series Sherlock.	0
Justin 3rd album was ‘Under The Mistletoe‘.	1
There are over 800 miles of trails to explore for hikers.	1
Chris Ritter, who was originally a police officer working undercover as "Mark Jäger", became Semir's partner after Tom died in the episode "Auf Leben Und Tod".	0
In the U.S., Starburst contains non-vegetarian gelatin in its ingredients.	0
"Les bastides en question ", Revue Urbanisme, Paris, n°173-174, Paris, 1979, p. 6-10.	0
His full name is Michael Gordon Clifford, his nickname is Mikey.	1
The unofficial second cover features the members of the band's heads on a rainbow background without the text on the cover.	0
the phonology of the preceding word); likewise, the third person masculine singular appears variously as , , or (no ending, but stress is moved onto the preceding vowel, which is lengthened).	0
Born on 12 August 1892 in Metz, Ludwig Bieringer joined the German Army straight from school in 1913.	0
At age 5, Alicia appeared in an episode of ‘The Cosby Show‘ in 1985.	1
In 1991 Jeff Scott was replaced by Jackie St. Croix on bass.	0
The NXT Championship is a professional wrestling championship owned by WWE is competed for exclusively in WWE NXT, WWE's developmental territory.	0
Simon obtained his black belt in Karate when he was just 10-years-old!	1
Only pregnant females polar bears hibernate	1
It was originally intended to be six one-hour episodes, but episodes five and six were condensed into a single one.	0
Aztecs used cacao seeds were a form of currency.	1
The possibility of such developments can be an inducement to a government to bargain with a non-violent movement before things get out of hand.	0
It is an A-type main sequence star with 75% more mass than the Sun and twelve times the Sun's luminosity.	0
This relationship between racial ghettos and the state is demonstrated through various push and pull features, implemented through government subsidized investments; which certainly assisted the movement of White Americans into the suburbs after WWII.	0
- Langue des signes de Belgique francophone	0
The first section alternates manual or pedal cadenzas with dense suspended chords.	0
Nevertheless, they still reach it at a lower average age than adults usually do.	0
Vietnam Navy Distinguished Service Order, 1st Class	0
A garden caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.	1
These large dogs are very protective of their homes and owners and also receive a lot of attention at competitive dog shows.	1
The border between Mexico and the United States is the second largest border in the world!	1
These groups often argue for the recognition of obesity as a disability under the US Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA).	0
Nidorino appeared in the very first episode, battling a Gengar in a battle Ash was watching on TV.	1
Calves can reach maturity between 7 – 10 years.	1
It has a population of 1,439 inhabitants (INE, 2008) and a population density of 24.81 inhabitants per square kilometer.	0
This continues throughout their breeding lives, but the biggest increase is in the first five years.	0
McDonald's Corporation earns revenue as an investor in properties, a franchiser of restaurants, and an operator of restaurants.	0
There are 6 subspecies of cougar, all named according to their location, such as the Eastern cougar, or the Florida panther.	1
Neisseria gonorrhoeae is a sexually transmitted pathogen that can cause pelvic pain, pain on urination, penile, and vaginal discharge, as well as systemic symptoms in human infection.	0
From the angle in question, running a straight line along one side exactly three units in length, and along the second side exactly four units in length, will create a hypotenuse (the longer line opposite the right angle that connects the two measured endpoints) of exactly 5 units in length.	0
generally from the Norse øy meaning "island"	0
The fish has a large spiny head and a tapering body.	0
Winnipeg's struggles at the gate were matched by the Warriors' futility on the ice, as the franchise qualified for the playoffs only once in their four years in Winnipeg: a three-game sweep at the hands of the Lethbridge Broncos in 1983.	0
A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities, and second, respecting the differences.	1
During 2013, the hashtag #HolidaysAreComing was tweeted more than 57 million times.	1
The longest recorded flight by a chicken lasted for 13 seconds at a total distance of 301 feet.	1
Visit the Queen Elizabeth II Botanic Park for a guided safari, and maybe you'll catch a glimpse of a few of these guys posing for your Instagram feed.	0
The brothers Gaspard (born 1624 or 1625, died 10 December 1681) and Balthazard Marsy (baptised 6 January 1628, died May 1674) were French sculptors.	0
Corbett's office ultimately withdrew the subpoenas.	0
He was showcased at the UK Paramount Comedy Festival, South African Comedy Festival and Montreal's Just for Laughs.	0
Family friend : This term can denote the friend of a family member or the family member of a friend.	0
He was also known as a poet in Arabic and Persian, and founded the Dialogue Institute,	0
Tauranac designed a new chassis for it, and the car was primarily driven by Austin.	0
Yatabaré was born in the French town of Beauvais, and began his career at his hometown club AS Beauvais.	0
I hope to leave these things firmly sketched and recorded."	0
Bronze is a mixture of mainly copper and tin: usually nine parts copper to one part tin.	1
140 João Sousa by 4–6, 6–4, 6–3 in 2h12m.	0
I should say to myself in the dull days of the future, 'There was one man who might have done so and so; and he, too, failed.'	0
According to IDC, while Intel still enjoys the biggest market share in both the overall worldwide PC microprocessor market (79.3%) and the mobile PC microprocessor (84.4%) in the second quarter of 2011, the numbers decreased by 1.5% and 1.9% compared to the first quarter.	0
He maintained a soft-spoken, unassuming demeanor despite his fame.	0
The abbot is torn between his human desires and his religious obligations of abstinence.	0
Gradually, rifles appeared with cylindrical barrels cut with helical grooves, the surfaces between the grooves being "lands".	0
She was the first person to work out the flea's jumping mechanism.	0
He loved games, the company of women, travels by land and sea; he was a free spirit in an impetuous body.	0
Like many slugs in the genus Chromodoris, Goniobranchus coi feeds on sponges.	0
The members of BTS compete over the amount of re-tweets their Twitter accounts get.	1
For most herds, milking took place indoors twice a day, in a barn with the cattle tied by the neck with ropes or held in place by stanchions.	0
One of the principal sources of income was the coal mines in its possession, for these monks were among the first, if not the first, coal miners in Scotland.	0
The most common is the swashplate pump.	0
In terms of its atomic structure, CaS crystallizes in the same motif as sodium chloride indicating that the bonding in this material is highly ionic.	0
On September 17, 1961 the Ice Capades hosted the arena's first event.	0
For BSK, he became a member of the junior team of the then champion.	0
During this period, he appeared onstage at the Grammy Awards with Stevie Wonder, Howard Jones, and Thomas Dolby, in a synthesizer jam.	0
Charles Masterman, the director of the British War Propaganda Bureau, wrote to Bryce: "Your report has swept America.	0
Too firm an attachment may lead to placenta accreta.	0
Ruf debuted their first complete model in 1977, a tuned version of Porsche's 930 with a stroked 3.3 litre motor.	0
Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.	1
Other Officers include Keith Roy (Dominion Vice-Chairman, Western Canada), Étienne Boisvert (Dominion Vice-Chairman, Quebec), and Cian Horrobin (Dominion Vice-Chairman, Ontario).	0
Subsequently, the English abandoned their occupation of Haddington, a town near Edinburgh, and de Thermes and Regent Arran walked in.	0
Russian language and not present in the Latvian language.	0
His decision to also step down from his governmental office protected him from the fate of various political friends after the suppression of the Baden Revolution who were dismissed although they had nothing to do with the revolution and moreover had fought it strongly.	0
He also criticized Sadat's plans to make peace with Israel, while Palestinians remained without a home and devoid of representation.	0
The centers of the Johnson circles lie on a circle of the same radius r as the Johnson circles centered at H. These centers form the Johnson triangle.	0
It belongs to the district of Mandritsara, which is a part of Sofia Region.	0
In a study, people from Ohio cursed the most, as compared to every other state in the U.S.	1
In 2006 the Korgis released their first single in thirteen years, "Something About The Beatles", which can be heard on Myspace.	0
Frank Cady as Mayor James Sargent	0
Ketchup originated in China as a boiled-down brine of pickled fish and spices called ‘ke-chiap’.	1
Patriot Pirates: The Privateer War for Freedom and Fortune in the American Revolution, Pantheon Books.	0
She portrayed Irena Sendler in the CBS television biopic The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler.	1
This practice was meant to prevent the appearance of collusion between the reviewers and the authors reviewed, although this did not succeed in practice.	0
But the birth of her son proved fatal to Isabella, who died of complications nine days later on 21 August, at Colorno.	0
The saga has sold over 116 million copies.	1
Holds the record for most strikeouts in a relief appearance (16 against San Diego on July 18, 2001)	0
Chindesaurus ( ) is a genus of herrerasaurid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 216 million years ago during the latter part of the Triassic Period in what is now the Southwestern United States.	0
Metapod is known as a Cocoon Pokémon.	1
Bloodlines (August 2006) Book 2 of Legacy of the Force (follows Betrayal; followed by Tempest)	0
The police force present in the district has a strength of 1,733 personnel, of which the local police comprise 1,162 personnel and the armed reserve police comprise 534 personnel.	0
Kangaroos don’t fart methane, the Kangaroos body will reuse the methane and convert it into energy.	1
Nicki Minaj is acrophobic, meaning she is afraid of heights.	1
The side sections displayed two bays: the smaller topped with a lintel and the larger finished with a low arch.	0
Loud noises from the player could potentially trigger a rush of zombies; however, the player can also use the ability to shout at zombies through the Kinect in order to distract them.	0
In 2011, he received an honorary degree from Leeds Metropolitan.	1
In April 2013, Irons was asked by Huffpost Live host Josh Zepps his opinion on the fight for same-sex marriage in the United States.	0
The album was rereleased as part of the box set on Zorn's Tzadik label in 2005.	0
Using a hands-free device to talk on the phone while driving is shown to be equally or more dangerous than driving drunk.	1
In the long term, the peasant war of 1653 prevented Switzerland from an excessive implementation of absolutism as occurred in France during the reign of Louis XIV.	0
For the team classification, the times of the best three cyclists per team on each stage were added; the leading team was the team with the lowest total time.	0
Ficaria verna exists in both diploid (2n=16) and tetraploid (2n=32) forms which are very similar in appearance.	1
The second significant technology in the novel is the rare substance known as "PyrE", a weapon powerful enough to win an interplanetary war.	0
The red booths and gleaming chrome in mom-and-pop diners, the stone cottages of tourist courts and the many service stations along this route saw America fall in love with the automobile.	0
From the early inhabitants of Persis, to the Achaemenid, Parthian, and Sassanid Empires, to the neighbouring Greek city states, to the Caliphate and the Islamic world, all the way to the modern day Iran and such far places as those found in India, Asia, and Indonesia, Persian culture, has been either recognized, incorporated, adopted, or celebrated.	0
Lily Allen defended Cher during a Tweet war against Dan Wootton.	1
Crusader Rabbit was the first animated series, airing from 1949-1951!	1
With Majime on the editing team, the group plans to produce a new dictionary called "Daitokai" (The Great Passage/大渡海) which would bridge the gap between people and the sea of words and would take years to complete.	0
H. griseoalba has ribs that extend halfway up the sides of the fruit body, but the color of the cup is pale to dark gray rather than cream.	0
The hide from one cow can make 144 baseballs, 20 footballs, and or 12 basketballs by-products.	1
The kip (also called a piastre in French) was sub-divided into 100 att (Lao: ອັດ) or cents (French: Centimes).	0
He was buried in Würzburg Cathedral on April 26, 1729.	0
The capital is Namur, where are the seats of the Government of Wallonia, the Parliament of Wallonia and the Public Service of Wallonia.	0
Pushing your partner and showing them more affection than they show you is one of the most common mistakes made in relationships.	1
Canosa di Puglia (in Apulian dialect Canaus; in Latin Canusium; in Greek Canusion) is a town and comune in Apulia in southern Italy, between Bari and Foggia, located in the province of Barletta-Andria-Trani, not far from the position on the Ofanto River where the Romans found refuge after the defeat of the Battle of Cannae.	0
It has prominent pilaster buttresses, giving the keep what Sidney Toy describes as an "impression of strength and dignity"; the corners have clasping buttresses, forming four turrets.	0
They talk of children and saving enough to begin their adult lives.	0
On U.S. postage stamps Washington, along with Benjamin Franklin, appeared on the nation's first postage stamps in 1847.	0
Glimmering lights on flying saucers (Lueurs sur les soucoupes volantes) (edition Mame, 1954, coll.	0
However, the colors of a Chinese Buddhist monastic's robes often corresponded to their geographical region rather than to any specific schools.	0
Elvis subsequently purchased Blackhawks manufactured for him by the Stutz Motor Company in 1971, 1972 and 1973.	0
The Earth tilts at roughly 66 degrees.	1
His second album called The Secret, was released worldwide in May 2014.	1
Josef Hoffmann (December 15, 1870 – May 7, 1956) was an Austrian architect and designer of consumer goods.	0
We’re hardwired to remember annoying songs – ‘Sequence recall’ to learn daily routines also lets songs get stuck in our heads.	1
Despite having never performed together, they produced nine songs to perform.	0
Young Mountain Lions stay with their mothers for about 15 months.	1
Around 90% of illness and disease are either caused or complicated by stress, which is why it’s important to work on reducing stress levels over the course of your life.	1
He has Croatian and Dutch heritage.	1
Mario Bros., the original 1983 arcade game	0
In 1696, Marcantonio Franceschini was commissioned to create a frescoed ceiling for the central Sala d'Onore ("Hall of Honour") for the marriage of Rinaldo d'Este to Princess Charlotte Felicity of Brunswick.	0
Hugo made a number of wildlife documentaries for television, but also made several films for theatrical release on 35 mm film, such as The Leopard Son and Serengeti Symphony, both produced by Nature Conservation Films WW.	0
Chicken drumsticks contain the least amount of meat on a chicken	1
Raichu’s FireRed Pokédex entry references a documentary-film made by Thomas Edison in 1903 called Electrocuting an Elephant, by saying “Careless contact [with a charged Raichu] can cause even an Indian elephant to faint.”	1
Her favorite burger place is Umami Burger; while her favorite food is sushi.	1
Completing all the missions unlocks the credits for Sonic Jam.	0
Herbert became the Art Director and Group Head in an advertising agency.	1
Matilde Fernández (born 24 January 1950) is a Spanish social feminist and politician who served as minister of social affairs of Spain from 1988 to 1993.	0
Cartman then happily asks Thomas "Isn't having Tourette's awesome?"	0
"Techno Tropic Zone Exists" (Brock) – 4:30	0
Eventually, the three of them make it to the Strait of Hormuz, but Blake is injured and loses the wallet containing the Swordfish plans while trying to escape a Yellow patrol.	0
Tavlaridis was handed the number 4 shirt and quickly inserted into the first eleven forming partnerships with Moustapha Bayal Sall.	0
Meyer has also been criticised by feminists for Bella Swan’s “damsel in distress” persona and for Meyer romanticising a psychically abusive relationship with vampire Edward.	1
The bone-picker and rag-gatherer may be known at once by the greasy bag which he carries on his back.	0
Whatever the level of dispute, over time, the two populations intermarried and merged.	0
We forget more than 90% of our dreams!	1
There is also a fossil cleaning room where visitors can watch actual fossils being cleaned and preserved.	0
but slowly he began gravitating towards the Superman line of books.	0
When written down, the word “almost” is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.	1
The members of Black Sabbath used to have their cocaine flown to them on private planes.	1
Red Wednesday is the name of a Yezidi festival celebrated in Iraq.	1
Eventually Branson would have more than 50 theaters, most of them located on Highway 76.	0
The inference of Shearer's viewpoint is that Duchamp was creating an even larger joke than he admitted.	0
Things came to a head in 1994-96, after the event swelled to 250,000 people from around the country, and as the crowds grew larger, so did the problems.	0
Tolkien, his brother and their mother travelled around England, where he was inspired by his aunt Jane’s farm, Bag End.	1
He is credited with 15 aerial victories.	0
Mozart: Sinfonia Concertante (with Lionel Tertis) (September 1933)	0
The hamburger was invented in 1900	1
In mid-March 2011, he was linked with a move back to Southampton.	0
Brown is an avid supporter of bipartisan cooperation among members of Congress.	0
Side platform, doors will open on the right	0
The first Ichthyosaur, T.platyodon discovered by Mary Anning from the Blue Lias at Lyme Regis.	0
Of the working population, 5.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 51.9% used a private car.	0
In the 1980’s, the fence (colloquially named “The Dingo Fence”) was shortened by around 745 miles (1200 km) since it was in dire need of repairs.	1
Lhasa believes that the woman cried when the Spanish arrived in America to warn her native children of the doom that the conquistadors would bring to their way of life.	0
2008: Tzur Mishelo Achalnu, for Avoda Ivrit 2, featuring Shlomo Bar.	0
Following the Nissan takeover, a "badge slide" from Ebro to Nissan took place.	0
Santuzza tells her that he was seen during the night in the village.	0
Mann's characters are composites, not specific counterparts to individuals.	0
Cher has a scar on her forehead from a car crash when she was younger.	1
The original torch of the statue was replaced in 1984 with a new copper torch that was covered in 24 carat gold leaf.	1
Good results were obtained in flight tests in 1973 but further development was cancelled.	0
In late 1995 the biennial "Festival in de Branding", organized by the Wagenaar Foundation in The Hague, was dedicated exclusively to Raaymakers’ musical and visual work.	0
They have large mandibles and venomous stings that, in humans, causes intense pain, the worst of any insect sting, that can last for several days.	1
In 19th century Britain, sausages were marketed as "bags of mystery".	1
The fairground pastime of coconut shy, a game consisting of stacked coconuts and balls to knock them down, has photographic evidence of it being played as early as 1890.	1
“NASA” stands for National Aeronautics and Space Administration.	1
Snails often travel in the mucus trails of others to move faster.	1
Moor commissioner Jürgen Christian Findorff carried out the construction of Lutheran Church of Zion ( ), following the plans of Johann Paul Heumann, Hanoveran court architect of King and Elector George II Augustus of Great Britain and Hanover.	0
President Grant beefed up military security in response, and no one marched on Washington.	0
These names include Mountain Lion, Puma, Panther, Paint, Screamer and Catamount.	0
They have distinctive black, white and orange markings.	1
On March 3, 2010, Dine Alone released Old Crows/Young Cardinals on coloured vinyl discs.	0
She also revealed that her father speaks a lot like Howard Wolowitz‘s mother, in that “very low and raspy” voice.	1
The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.	1
The DS in Nintendo DS stands for Dual Screen.	1
Chickens have their own unique language with over 30 different sounds used to communicate.	1
An American slang phrase used in the early 20th century, 23-skidoo, means “Let’s get out of here as fast as we can!”	1
A relative location is described as a displacement from another site—for example, "3 miles northwest of Seattle".	0
Saruman escapes from Isengard and, seeking to carve out a new kingdom, enslaves the Shire.	0
Against Mercyhurst in the NCAA quarterfinals (on March 13, 2010), she scored the Terriers lone goal.	0
His twenty-four-year-old son was found guilty, declared insane, and banished for life to Central Asia.	0
The Moon, however, revolved in its sphere around the Earth.	0
Of this image of the Breton duchess, attached to the independence and happiness of her duchy, derives another myth: that of the forced wedding, accepted in the face of an incompatible struggle against the king of France and the defence of the autonomy of the duchy.	0
Zac stated he absolutely loves the Western Bacon Cheeseburger from Carl’s Jr.	1
this movement has led to an increase in the population of the Watamu as earlier stated.	0
There are four separate sequences of row and column motion, which act to interlock the yarns and produce the braided preform.	0
Tesla formed the Tesla Electric Company in 1887 with Alfred Brown.	1
Dylan got his first tattoo on 16th August 2016, it says “Proverbs 16:3” – which is “Commit your work to the lord, and your plans shall be established”.	1
The Boston Marathon didn’t allow female runners until 1972.	1
The Coca-Cola tour stops are usually accompanied by Christmas music, either from loudspeakers or a live choir, adding to the spirit of the season.	1
9/11 was not the first attack on the World Trade Centers – in 1993, there was a bombing that killed 6 people and injured over 1,000.	1
Donald Trump installed goats on his New Jersey golf courses to get them designated as agricultural properties to lower his property taxes.	1
Alan M. Boyd, Microsoft's Manager of Product Development, introduced the application as an internal tool to help manage the huge number of software projects that were in development at any time inside the company.	0
The Mask Returns (#1-4, Bimonthly, October 1992-March 1993)	0
On the 7th of May 2012, Blom won the SCOOP #2-Med No-Limit Hold 'em tournament, winning $247,200 in prize money.	0
On his death the titles passed to his eldest son, the second Marquess.	0
In the past, catechisms were written to rehearse the basic knowledge of a non-religious subject.	0
Pokémon Go players have walked around the earth 200,000 times in 2016.	1
While shooting a commercial for Jack Spade, he and his brother filled up a tote bag with fireworks and lit it to show that the bag was durable which set the studio on fire.	1
Mayer lost to top seed Fabio Fognini in straight sets.	0
There are also the short legged terriers Such as the Cairn Terrier, Scottish Terrier, and West Highland Terrier which were also used to kill small vermin.	0
Soil amendments would include using locally available compost from community recycling centers.	0
Fifth Irish Folk Festival Compilation (1978)	0
CLEA: Cognition, Language, Emotions, Acquisitions - I 2526	0
He was also influenced by the sidhe Irish mythological fairies, who developed a taste for blood.	1
and documents the period of the town directly before and after the huge munitions plant explosion of 1918.	0
In order to reach Hastings, the Normans sailed about 700 ships across the English Channel.	1
In 1932 Liu Wenhui in cooperation with the Qinghai army, sent out a brigade to attack the Tibetan troops in Garze and Xinlong, eventually occupying them, Dêgê and other counties east of the Jinshajiang River.	0
African elephants tend to use their long ears for reasons such as signalling others and protection.	1
In Kedrovaya Pad Nature Reserve roe deer is their main prey year-round, but they also prey on young Asian black bear if less than two years old.	0
In the English language there is more than 40 words for the Cougar.	1
For over a decade a French, street art legend known as Invader, has been slapping tiled images, taken from classic coin-op games in precarious places around the world, from bridges in New York, to suburbs in Paris and landmarks in Los Angeles inspired by the blocky stars of Space Invaders.	1
It was released in French theatres on 1 September.	0
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury	1
The world's longest bike stretches to 117 feet, 5 inches, which is almost as long as half a New York City block.	1
Fouquet's fortune now surpassed even Mazarin's, but the latter was too deeply implicated in similar operations to interfere, and was obliged to leave the day of reckoning to his agent and successor Jean-Baptiste Colbert.	0
Those sentenced to deportation to a fortified place were sent to the Ducos peninsula.	0
Now we’re handing it over to you... so crank it up, crack a beer and stick some rock ‘n’ roll in your ear!	0
It stars Alden Ehrenreich as Ethan Wate, and Alice Englert as Lena Duchannes.	1
Archived from the original (PDF) on October 7, 2009.	0
After the break, Leroy again pounced to finish off a well-rounded move, and the Parisians looked as though they were headed for a deserved and spectacular win that would keep them in the race to qualify.	0
The word ‘Android’ means a human with a male robot appearance.	1
Zebra’s bunch together to confuse colorblind predators, such as lions, which mistake the pattern as grass.	1
400 Crescent St, San Francisco, CA 94110	0
Glacial scouring accounts for the flatness of Belarusian terrain and for its numerous lakes.	0
In the episode “Sibling Rivalry” Lois ends up becoming the fat one in her marriage to Peter instead of the other way around.	1
Eadburh was the daughter of Offa and Cynethryth.	0
Vachss has also written non-fiction, including numerous articles and essays on child protection and a book on juvenile criminology.	0
Like the Sorceress, he too had his figure released belatedly in the toy line (in its closure rather than its opening).	0
One of the windows commemorates the exiled Polish-Lithuanian nobleman, Prince Lev Sapieha, who lived in the town, and there is much other artwork in the building.	0
Pikachu evolves into Raichu when exposed to a Thunderstone.	1
Despite Southgate's arrest in May, the maquis welcomed the participants in an SOE operation codenamed Freelance, Captain John Hind Farmer ("Hubert"), Captain Denis Rake ("Justin") and the New Zealander Lieutenant Nancy Wake ("Hélène"), then those of Operation Benjoin, led by British major Freddy Cardozo.	0
If you were to buy a pair of shoes for Lady Liberty, the shoes would have to be size 879!	1
You take over 23,000 breaths everyday	1
Redesignated: 1956th Information Systems Group, 1 August 1984	0
When he started filming the Harry Potter movies, he was taken out of school and given private tuition by tutors on set.	1
She also has a Masters Degree in education from Stanford, and completed the coursework for a doctorate in American Studies at Yale.	1
Freytag has been succeeded by Alexander Streicher, the first ever independent major of Weitnau and originally a resident of Neufahrn near Munich.	0
Her full name is Rebecca Marie Gomez.	1
Williams's theological views did not prove satisfactory.	0
France produces over 400 varieties of cheese!	1
He last played for Cobreloa in the Chilean Primera División.	0
It is anticipated that the review will take a year to carry out.	0
Sophia, the daughter of Arabella Maria Smith and Alexander J. Dallas an American statesman who served as the U.S. Treasury Secretary under President James Madison.	0
In Japan, you are equally likely to die from being struck by lightning as you are from being shot by a gun.	1
The city covers and is the smallest but best restored city in the Negev Desert.	0
Like true lobsters, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas, for instance.	1
Earth is the only planet not named after a god	1
The winning candidates retain their title for life, with the indication of the specialty, the year following the one in which they obtain the title.	0
These fisheries have high rates of discards of undersized haddock, up to 50% of the catch in weight.	0
What was unusual was th the second blooming in November 2012 occurred less than 20 months after he first.	0
Lego men have those little holes in the top of their head to allow air to pass through should a child ever get one stuck in their throat.	1
H. Aronson, D. Dyer, V. Friedman, D. Hristova and J. Sadock, 153–190.	0
Joe the Plumber, figure mentioned at least 20 times during the 2008 US presidential debates	0
an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from City University, London (2004)	0
Anoplolepis can be distinguished from Oecophylla by the more compact petiole.	0
Hasil Adkins, a forerunner to psychobilly known for his morbid choices of lyrics	0
The patterns on a giraffe are totally unique – no two giraffes are ever the same.	1
Bridgestone Grand Jury Prize for Best Actress in Narrative Feature	0
Brouthers lost 16–0, and within two weeks he was released from the club.	0
Mexicans have the highest average annual hours worked in the world.	1
Krabi ( ) is one of the southern provinces (changwat) of Thailand, at the shore of the Andaman Sea.	0
Angel and Wesley conclude that Lanier was trying to prevent the sacrifice so that Bryce wouldn't get the power.	0
He then set himself up to be fired the next day.	0
The leopards in Yemen are under particular pressure from hunting, persecution from local shepherds and capture for trade, threats that are thought to be the main contributors to the species' demise.	1
Jeffrey M. Hurwit has interpreted her presence there as an "anti-Athena."	0
Small dogs usually live longer than larger breeds	1
80% of the world's fresh water is locked up as ice or snow.	1
Ellen Page - Best Actress: Hard Candy (2006), Juno (2007)	0
Haliotis discus, commonly called disk abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	0
that the dog is a good guard, and they guard the tenets of their philosophy.	0
Following her portrayal of a variety of character types in Chameli, Dev (2004), Omkara (2006) and Jab We Met (2007), Kapoor was noted for her versatility.	0
Gödel essentially constructed a formula that claims that it is unprovable in a given formal system.	0
The early cattle were driven to follow forage and water availability and then to slaughter.	0
Emerson’s breakthrough movie role was as Zep Hindle in the popular 2004 horror movie Saw.	1
To date Isaac has 15 Ireland caps and 13 Ireland Wolfhounds caps, 3 of which he gained in the 2010 Churchill Cup.	0
The meat of a rabbit is not red but white.	1
Shortly after, Williams broke the 10-second barrier for the first time, running a new 100 m personal best of 9.94 seconds in the quarter-finals of the 2008 US Olympic Trials.	0
In 2003, Underoath supported the album's release with their first inclusion on Warped Tour, however their participation in the tour came to an end when Taylor (under controversial conditions) was asked to leave the band.	0
In 2012 their new album titled "Nel giardino dei fantasmi" featuring a mix up of their previous musical experience: from r'n'r to songwriting, from dub to folk, showing an increasing interest in folk/popular music and songs.	0
In 1945 Cranston returned to the fold joining Pawtucket and Lynn, the return of the Worcester Nortons and two new teams: the New London Diesels and the Lawrence Millionaires.	0
"Similarity Determination and Case Retrieval in an Intelligent Decision Support System for Diabetes Management", 2007	0
Sorens is first mentioned around 974-75 as Sotringus.	0
In March 2010 they finished re-registration process by collecting 13,500 signatures.	0
Reaching out, he lifts her young spirit free of her body.	0
The Twilight Saga is a series of books written by Stephanie Meyer.	1
plants and animals that are unique to chalk watercourses.	0
He carefully select pitchers that didn't have any dead insects inside.	0
MIÉP could not be ruled out as the key to a new term for Orbán and his party, should they be forced into a coalition after the 2002 elections.	0
By the rational root theorem, this root must be 1 or &minus;1, but both are clearly not roots.	0
Political, religious, and diplomatic overview of the era.	0
Poliwrath is a combination the word polliwog, which is a tadpole, and wrath, meaning anger.	1
After the February Revolution of 1848 he returned to private life.	0
is assigned by Nick Fury to infiltrate the group in an attempt to bring it down.	0
Texas Longhorns offer numerous benefits: (1) reproductive	0
Disney’s most acclaimed film is The Lion King (1994), which is the tale of a young lion named Simba, who is tricked into abandoning his role as future king of his pride.	1
Image:WilsederBergNordhang retouched.jpg|Blueberry sand heath on the northern slope of the Wilseder Berg	0
This character is expected to appear in the 2017 Star Wars movie, which will be the eighth movie.	1
It was a favoured residence of the Dukes of York, and King Richard III was born here in 1452.	0
100 miles – 3h 27m 26s – riding for In-Gear Quickvit RT	0
The Eifel Tower has 2,500,000 rivets	1
Roman magistrates also wore golden wreaths as crowns, as a symbolic testament to their lineage back to Rome's early Etruscan rulers.	0
He has had various names all over the globe, such as Père Noël in France, and Papá Noel in Spain.	1
Of this 3% more than 2% resides in ice sheets and glaciers, meaning less than 1% is in lakes and rivers.	1
Honour Cross of the World War 1914/1918	0
The mayor of the Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual Municipality is Leobardo Canache, re-elected November 23, 2008 with 51% of the vote.	0
The coldest place on Earth is in Antarctica and has been measured by satellite at minus 93.2 Celsius (-135.8F).	1
Another indispensable piece of equipment is a pupilometer.	0
The Walrus and the Carpenter has also become a successful and well-known poem.	1
Image:Nakhichevan01.JPG|The Momine Khatun Mausoleum in Nakhchivan City.	0
T&C O'Neill Pro (Kuhio Beach - Maui, Hawaii)	0
August 6, 1998 - signed as free agent by Detroit Red Wings	0
With periodic signals like Morse code, or signals on the fringe of reception, this was a difficult process.	0
Now, electronics designed for the electric guitar are sometimes employed with the dan bau to further expand its tonal palate.	0
2nd place (Nottingham) vs 3rd place (Cardiff)	0
Their great intelligence allowed them to gain a great deal of influence and power quickly and a few have risen to high political and economical posts, running entire corporations or even as head of state.	0
Why is it that on all other nights we eat all kinds of vegetables, but on this night we eat bitter herbs?	0
By this time Cosima was pregnant with her second child by Wagner; a daughter, Eva, was born at Tribschen on 17 February 1867.	0
1931(October) Republican Manuel Azana becomes prime minister of a minority government	0
He later coached the gold-medal winning USA Rugby team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	0
1st Stage 1 Ladies Tour of Qatar	0
They are rarely seen, but Yellowstone contains the perfect habitat for mountain lions.	0
Dark green lettuce leaves are more nutritious than lighter ones	1
"Last Ride In" is a surf rock-influenced instrumental, and "King for a Day" is a ska punk song featuring a horn section.	0
The senior population distribution is 1,990 people or 15.3% are 65–79 years old, 513 or 4% are 80–89 years old and 89 people or 0.7% of the population are 90+ years old.	0
Beatrice reminds him that he slaughtered the Saracen prisoners out of anger and that Francesco died taking the blame for it.	0
He died in police custody, though apparently of cardiac arrest, after being transferred from his cell to the prison hospital on 29 January 1938, aged 85.	0
Both men & women are susceptible to the "Illusion of Truth" effect -- The more we hear something, the more we believe it's true.	1
Officially named Our Lady of Perpetual Help after the icon of the same name, it is uniformly referred to as "Mission Church", even by its own parishioners.	0
Alfred Jarry: The Debraining Song; and excerpts from Ubu Enchained, Act I, Scene II Le Champ de Mars (also published in The Ubu Plays)	0
Leopards have very strong and gripping claws so that they can climb even a straight cliff.	1
Hirschsprung's disease occurs in about one in 5,000 of Japanese and American children.	0
It was Mao's comments that influenced Gao and led him to believe that, even though he was going against the Party and senior cadres, his actions were justified because he had the Chairman's backing.	0
Ever since then, (with the possible exception of the last few years), it has been a popular and attractive feature of Boksburg and an integral part of its central area.	0
Most cows produce more milk when they listen to music	1
Later, arriving home in Vienna, Beethoven smashed a bust of the Prince.	0
On the customer premises, a DSL filter on each non-DSL outlet blocks any high frequency interference, to enable simultaneous use of the voice and DSL services.	0
Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerberg suffers from red-green colour blindness!	1
Her goals plus her five assists also made her the leading overall point scorer with 35.	0
The new party is to style itself the Conservative Party of Canada.	0
The normally cautious Charlie reluctantly agrees to play a part in the scam, confident that with the money he will garner from the deal he would be able to support his family.	0
Coca-Cola is very good at cleaning up blood spots, and is often used in the States to clean blood of from the roads after an accident!	1
The wind doesn’t make a sound until it blows against an object.	1
A famous American Colonel, William Prescott commanded the Battle of Bunker Hill.	1
István Tisza (1861-1918), Hungarian prime minister,	0
The leaves have a gentle lemon scent, related to mint.	0
The rich tabernacle, with its golden monstrance, was given by Cardinal Mendoza.	0
It was founded as a coalition on August 2, 2006, by the Sammarinese Communist Refoundation, formed by those who did not agree with the transformation of the Sammarinese Communist Party into the Sammarinese Democratic Progressive Party in 1992, and the Left Party, a split from the Party of Democrats in 2005.	0
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.	1
1520; informal year-round settlers before 1620.	0
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Although not exposed to childhood poverty as was Jagan, Burnham was acutely aware of racial discrimination.	0
They love to eat small fishes and squids.	1
Meiks is also revealed to have a wife, who is pregnant with child.	0
Once a Shellder is attached to a Slowbro, it refuses to let go because it enjoys the flavor of the Slowbro’s tail too much.	1
The water car was bought at an auction in 1995 when NS ended its steam program.	0
The fastest insect is the Australian dragon fly (its top speed is 57 km/h (35mp/h))	1
Upravlyaemy Sputnik Aktivnyj ( ), or US-A, also known in the west as Radar Ocean Reconnaissance Satellite or RORSAT, was a series of Soviet reconnaissance satellites.	0
The church and rectory were both designed in the Romanesque Revival style and built of Bedford stone.	0
His sentiments were echoed by William K. Gale in Providence Journal: "A show with a solid, even wonderfully old-fashioned story that still has a bitter-sweet, rough-edged view of the world ... exciting, dynamic theater ... a match of wit and passion."	0
The rabbits can be literally “scared to death” if approached by a predator when they are totally unaware.	1
Japanese square watermelons are ornamental plants and are not edible.	1
In Windows Alt Codes, Alt + 26 produces the “right arrow” or → symbol.	1
Andrea wanted to name her daughter Taylor because she didn’t people to be able to know her gender, just by reading her name.	1
96% of candles sold are purchased by women	1
On 15th January 2015, he released his first music video for ‘Cash on Me‘.	1
The correlation between human skin color and latitude is thought to be the result of positive selection to varying levels of solar ultraviolet radiation.	0
At the time, it was the only Australian newspaper with a bureau in Latin America.	0
The rebels later get wind of a major event to be held at the Los Angeles Medical Center, where John is expected to announce a medical breakthrough - a universal cancer cure.	0
Get your daily amount of vitamin D in just ten minutes at the beach.	1
The superconducting transition temperature has been found to peak at an optimal doping value (p =0.16) and an optimal number of layers in each superconducting block, typically n = 3.	0
ecumenopolises or ecumenopoleis) is a word invented in 1967 by the Greek city planner Constantinos Doxiadis to represent the idea that in the future urban areas and megalopoleis would eventually fuse and there would be a single continuous worldwide city as a progression from the current urbanization and population growth trends.	0
His second book The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios was the winner of the Journey Prize.	1
The Sun has a diameter of 1,390,176km (864,000miles)	1
List of number-one singles from the 2000s (New Zealand)	0
The decisive misses for Real Madrid were by Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaká and Sergio Ramos.	0
Both players were sent home and consequently fined two weeks wages by the club.	0
Brussels Airport is the world’s biggest chocolate seller, selling over 800 tons of chocolate a year.	1
^ "The Early Discoveries of Gold in Victoria".	0
Hand (writing style), any of several writing styles, such as chancery hand	0
After returning home, he was back in England in 1300, where he served with Edward I in the Scottish Wars.	0
‘Jaws’ is the most common name for a goldfish.	1
1974 - Muhammad Ali KO 8 George Foreman	0
In mid- and high-power rocketry, commercially made APCP motors are widely used.	0
He was subsequently chosen as the PEI NDP's first provincial leader.	0
It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.	1
Live at the Grand Olympic Auditorium (2003)	0
1980, UK, Arrow (ISBN 0-09-921450-4), Publication date February 1980, paperback	0
Bako's nocturnal creatures include the colugo, pangolin, mousedeer, various species of fruit-eating and insect-eating bats, tarsier, slow loris and palm civet.	0
Logs destined to become milled logs may become one of several types, depending on the desired quality and results.	0
Thus a construction of the following type could conceivably arise: "It nearly knocked me off me plates—he was wearing a syrup!	0
Camels have 3 eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand	1
Brazil hosted the 22nd World Cup in 2014, during this event Tim Howard set a record for USA after making 15 saves in the quarter-final, more than ever before in a World Cup match.	1
When Neil started acting, he went by his full name because there was already another actor named Neil Harris.	1
219 December 200715:00 CET15TorinoHome Ibrahimović , Cruz , Jiménez , Córdoba137	0
In 1977 he initiated a successful vote to remove Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, Nikolai Podgorny from the Politburo.	0
The average week worth of coffee costs an American $25.	1
Modified versions of the 1620 were used as the CPU of the IBM 1710 and IBM 1720 Industrial Process Control Systems (making it the first digital computer considered reliable enough for real-time process control of factory equipment).	0
The median age was 50 years.	0
the Stud Book and Stud Book Certificates with the addition	0
Smith, Dempsey and newcomer Porl Thompson formed Easy Cure.	1
The wind on the exposed lake was so cold, many people died, freezing in place until spring thaw.	0
When traveling with his harem, the stallion will lead them with his head low and his ears laid back.	1
JB likes to stand next to a window, look up on the horizon and put lotion on himself!	1
In Argentina, a country with a long tradition of Spanish rock mass with a strong local identity (which is called "rock nacional"(national rock)), Soda Stereo was the beginning of a globalization that incorporated local musicians in a great continental power rock up point lead to local analysts to wonder whether "Does it make sense to keep talking about "rock nacional"?".	0
The German Conservative Party ( , DKP) was a right-wing political party of the German Empire, founded in 1876.	0
The Louisiana House of Representatives elects from among its members a speaker and speaker pro tempore.	0
Rowan Atkinson has a master’s degree in Electrical Engineering.	1
Cattle offer the commercial cattleman ease of calving, earlier growth, good early weight gains and mostly muscle.	0
The woman who gathers water there cradles them, singing a lullaby to them.	0
They have a poor hearing, despite having such large ears.	1
After the war whaling continued unabated to obtain oil for cosmetics and high-performance machinery, such as automobile transmissions.	0
John Paul II wrote extensively about workers and the social doctrine of the Church, which he discussed in three encyclicals: Laborem Exercens, Solicitudo Rei Socialis, and Centesimus Annus.	0
while the XEmacs developers have argued that the lack of copyright assignment has allowed major companies to get involved, as sometimes companies can license their code but due to a cautious attitude concerning fiduciary duties to shareholders, companies may have trouble in getting permission to assign away code completely.	0
If there are any electrodes positioned over the membrane, they are transparent.	0
Seven farmers of which five had the surname Joubert took up their implements and proceeded to construct a wagon road as they saw fit.	0
The spots on leopards are known as rosettes because they look so much like black roses.	1
The continental trophy was won in the club's first entry to the contest, in 1985.	0
If you have an encounter with aggressive wildlife, please alert the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources (UDWR) office near you.	0
Most of the armored, mechanized, and commando brigades are located in the central region in order to act rapidly into any scenario around Turkey's borders.	0
First Secretary of State Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills	0
The word racecar can be spelled the same way backwards	1
He tellls Owen he actually hid the stolen diamonds in Diamond's stomach, not on his collar.	0
He may be seen during the overture of the film Le Barbier de Séville.	0
Kolb was named to the Maxwell Award and Davey O'Brien Award watchlists for the second straight year in 2005.	0
Ninth in AL MVP voting (1999)	0
It lies approximately west of Lidzbark Warmiński and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.	0
"13–17"; not to be construed as including the even numbers 14 and 16).	0
This means that nobody knows how Shakespeare’s career began or how he was able to rise to fame so quickly.	1
Voltorb has the lowest Attack stat of all Electric-type Pokémon.	1
He is eight years old, which is 56 dog years!	1
Dylan says that if he wasn’t doing videos he’d have been an environmentalist.	1
On August 7 Miller started behind the plate and hit 2 RBI doubles in the game before leaving in the 5th after a home plate collision and placed on the 15 day DL.	0
In January 2007, Reuters reported that a Pillow Fight League was operating in bars in Toronto.	0
One of Richard Nixon's re-election slogans in 1972 was "You Can't Lick our Dick."	1
The boundaries are not always clear cut, which makes it hard to estimate numbers of speakers.	0
Picasso painted using ordinary house paint.	1
Dawes converted to Catholicism and they married on May 25, 2013.	0
In other continental European countries, it is known as “Christmas II” or “Second Christmas Day”.	1
If the earth was scaled down to the size of a billiard ball, it would be smoother than the billiard ball itself.	1
In 1850 about 500 miners worked here and the first mining ditch in the county was dug here; its water sold for $1 per inch, CHL No.	0
His favourite Pokémon from the Black and White series is Throh.	1
Simone Bertazzo Matteo Torchio 1:50.96 (55.43 / 55.53)	0
Bellsprout eat insects and takes in nutrients from the soil.	1
Bill Clinton was taught a jujitsu move by his aides to prevent Yassar Arafat hugging him for the cameras.	1
Beethoven’s music is widely used in film, and appears in some unexpected films, such as Saturday Night Fever where hints of his fifth symphony can be heard.	1
In 1997, Barco acquired EIS (Electronic Image Systems), a manufacturer of high brightness, high resolution calligraphic CRT projectors for the flight simulation market.	0
Former trade union leader and prominent Christian Democrat Doekle Terpstra proposed an initiative against Geert Wilders and the PVV on 30 November 2007, in newspaper Trouw.	0
The racial makeup of Norwalk was 52,089 (49.4%) White (12.3% Non-Hispanic White), 4,593 (4.4%) African American, 1,213 (1.1%) Native American, 12,700 (12.0%) Asian (5.3% Filipino, 2.5% Korean, 0.9% Chinese, 0.8% Indian, 0.8% Vietnamese, 0.6% Cambodian, 0.3% Thai, 0.3% Japanese), 431 (0.4%) Pacific Islander, 29,954 (28.4%) from other races, and 4,569 (4.3%) from two or more races.	0
She also appeared in The Public Theatre production of In Darfur.	1
Disconnect two items connected via Euroconnector	0
There is also an optical tracking facility, the Okno (Window) complex near the town of Nurek in central Tajikistan that is intended to monitor objects in space.	0
Lorenzo Berzieri, a doctor from Salsomaggiore, was the first person to successfully determine through experiment the therapeutic qualities of the bromo-iodine salt water, which was known and used in pre-Roman times for the extraction of salt.	0
There was also an extended list, the so-called "Führerliste" that included "God-gifted artists" who were not to be drafted but worked as "Künstler im Kriegseinsatz" (artists in the war effort).	0
Released as the same time as the Johnny Burnette Trio's "Lonesome Train" (Coral 61758) and Rosco Gordon's "Cheese and Crackers" (Sun 257), Billboard predicted that "the singer, has material in I'm Coming Home that could give him his biggest record to date".	0
Cinnamon is supposedly helpful in the fight against degenerative brain disorders like Alzheimer’s as it activates protective proteins that help stop mutation and damage to cells.	1
The character was meant to parody greedy American televangelists, showmen, and car salesman, and was inspired by Phil Ochs' Elvis persona from his 1970 tour.	0
Other minority identifications of manna are that it was a kosher species of locust, or that it was the sap of certain succulent plants (such as those of the genus Alhagi, which have an appetite-suppressing effect).	0
Barbarouses continued to start for the Brisbane team and played against his old club Wellington Phoenix, on 27 August 2010 at Suncorp Stadium.	0
Convection may happen in fluids at all scales larger than a few atoms.	0
"The Radiophone", pamphlet distributed at Louisiana Purchase Exhibition, St Louis, Missouri, 1904.	0
foreach (array_expression as $key => $value) {	0
Grenoble III University was founded in 1970, but its origins date back to the Middle Ages and the University of Grenoble.	0
Before they leave they are warned by their Native American scout, George, of the Wendigo myth; a story that a man consuming the flesh of his enemies takes their strength but becomes a demon cursed by a hunger for human flesh.	0
Wagner placed 17th at the Intermediate level.	0
Jack Gilinksy is 5’8” tall (1.78 meters).	1
The Aegon group provides life insurance, pensions and investments products and has some 40 million customers in over twenty markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia.	0
Wolves are the largest members of the dog family.	1
The site is situated in the Danubian corridor, which may have been the Cro-Magnon entry point into Central Europe.	0
The Kifissos Bus Terminal where long-distance buses from Peloponese, Epirus, Macedonia and Thrace arrive, is slightly east of Peristeri itself in Sepolia, a part of Athens.	0
The - From now on this convention will be 7 days in Sundance-Antalya (more than 300 people)	0
With Life of Pi, he was accused of plagiarism because of the text’s plot.	1
2009HugoLostBest Dramatic Presentation, Short Form for "The Constant"Nominated	0
In addition, such high densities enhance female opportunities for being selective regarding males.	0
The Queen of England once had extensive power and authority over almost the entire world.	1
Senator Philip Hart, opened in 1975 and has a capacity for about 40,000 people.	0
As Vice President of Public Relations at the distributorship, he gained political support among the local business community, meeting powerful figures such as banker Charles Keating, Jr., real estate developer Fife Symington III and newspaper publisher Darrow "Duke" Tully.	0
Cynthia McFadden – Senior Legal and Investigative correspondent	0
Bowie came out as bisexual in 1972.	1
His shoe size is 9.5 UK.	1
Richard Zsigmondy, Nobel Prize winning chemist	0
Scientists usually omit left-handed people from tests because their brain works differently.	1
Kaley Cuoco loves dogs, and currently has a German Shepherd named Duke.	1
In the United States, Angus and Red Angus cattle are recognized as separate breeds.	0
Müller was elected to membership in the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung in 1995, and other honorary positions followed.	0
She first appeared on Broadway in The Vertical Hour.	1
Having been unjustly sent into exile, where he died, Michizane was deified and enshrined to pacify his soul, which was believed to be angry as a consequence.	0
With contact with skin it causes severe burns with delayed tissue destruction.	0
Cats are lovers of fish, but too much tuna can cause them to become addicted to this meat.	1
In addition to imitating other animals, crows can also imitate humans.	1
However the ones in large cities and towns are no longer pure indigenous dogs but are often mongrelized with modern breeds.	0
growth weaning rate continues in the feedlot, meaning Brangus are ready for slaughter earlier and at less cost.	0
This is especially the case with the use of catalysts.	0
Hildegarde Naughton, Irish politician and mayor of Galway	0
Ginger beer is brewed and fermented with ginger, while ginger ale is merely carbonated water flavored with ginger.	1
Jahidi White (born February 19, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the NBA.	0
He prefers to use paper and a Waterman fountain pen.	1
He used the time of peace to consolidate power and reorganise domestic administration in France and some of its client states.	0
He hit .190 that season in 59 games, and in 1991 he split time between Indianapolis and Montreal, hitting .261 and .250, respectively.	0
A remix EP was released on iTunes.	0
Torrington is located at (42.066542, -104.182471) .	0
A dentist named Alfred Southwick invented the electric chair.	1
For 13 years, between 1647 and 1660, Christmas was banned in the UK by Cromwell after the English Civil War.	1
But Colts punt returner Ron Gardin fumbled the punt and Cowboys safety Cliff Harris recovered the ball at the Baltimore 9-yard line.	0
This mixture may then be subsequently seasoned by mixing with black mustard seeds, onion, curry leaves, which are sometimes previously sauteed, and salt, chilies and/or black pepper grains.	0
Westwood, Worcestershire, the seat of the Pakington baronets	0
Tentacruel is said to have eighty tentacles, however only about ten are often seen.	1
It wasn’t until 11 years after he died that his paintings started to gain attention.	1
The creator of SpongeBob SquarePants is Steve Hillenburg.	1
A 28 sided polygon is called an icosikaioctagon.	1
In Roman mythology, Romulus and Remus were raised by wolves.	1
The Irminger Current is part of the North Atlantic subpolar gyre.	0
* AΩ-Activo Chapter was originally two Chapters located in SJ, PR.	0
Even though Froot Loops are different colors, they all have exactly the same flavor.	1
Over 97% of farms and ranches are family owned	0
Basil then became the leading personality at court and was invested in the now vacant dignity of kaisar (caesar), before being crowned co-emperor on May 26, 866.	0
Robecq is situated about northwest of Béthune and southwest of Lille.	0
The state old age pension, received by over 80% of the elderly, is a non-contributory pension and pays more than twice median per capita Black income, thus representing an important source of income for a third of all Black households in the country.	0
TIME magazine wrote that apart from the show's supernatural elements, "Passions would appear indistinguishable from almost any other soap opera," and that unlike the Orlando Sentinel, the Princess Diana link showed that Passions was not "devoid of promise" and that the storyline showed "flashes of a certain kind of genius."	0
Her parents are actors; Jon Voight and Marcheline Bertrand.	1
Cars featured in the film, being driven by the couple or ridden in by them, include a white Mercedes-Benz 230SL roadster, an MG TD, a Triumph Herald, a VW Microbus, and a Ford Country Squire.	0
Though ants typically have limited vision, Bulldog Ants can see and identify targets from about a meter away.	1
As a child, he was accidentally ran over by a car which his dad was driving, and had to undergo surgery.	1
Addition issues that can occur in tame dragons are vitamin A deficiency and metabolic bone disease.	0
It resulted in voters re-electing incumbent Republican Governor Scott Walker over the Democratic candidate Tom Barrett by a slightly larger margin than he had in 2010, in which Walker had also faced and defeated Barrett two years earlier.	0
To sleep, generally zebras don’t lie down – instead they usually sleep standing up.	1
Star Trek's Captain Jean-Luc Picard was named after Jean Felix Piccard, a Swiss balloon flight pioneer.	1
Michael jackson was so keen to play Spider-Man that he attempted by buy Marvel Comics to make it possible.	1
It is long, and the area of its drainage basin is .	0
There are 14 elementary schools in Greeley serving kindergarten through 5th grade: Centennial Elementary, Dos Rios Elementary, East Memorial Elementary, Heiman Elementary, Jackson Elementary, Madison Elementary, Maplewood Elementary, Martinez Elementary, McAuliffe Elementary, Meeker Elementary, Monfort Elementary, Romero Elementary, Scott Elementary, and Shawsheen Elementary.	0
Frank Zeidler who had served as Mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, from 1949 to 1961, was nominated as the presidential candidate for the Socialist Party USA.	0
Los dias caminando en el fuego (2013)	0
They had two children, Marie Henriette Carteret (1837–1862) and Henri Carteret (1839–1878).	0
The White Martians are one of three fictional extraterrestrial races native to Mars in the DC Comics' shared universe.	0
In September 1993, WGAF Records re-released the original 1980s track on CD-single, cassette single, 12" vinyl picture sleeve and picture disc versions, the song was coupled with "Louie Louie", "Dirty Love", and "Ace of Spades (The CCN Remix)", and although the band were not too pleased with the CCN Remix version, this single peaked at No.	0
The last ride that was personally supervised by Walt Disney was the Pirates of the Caribbean ride.	1
Your big toe is the most useful one when it comes to moving around – it bears around 40% of your overall body weight.	1
Brazil are the team with the most World Cup wins, having won 70 of games at the tournament.	1
To raise capital for Apple, co-founder Steve Wozniak had to sell his scientific calculator.	1
Since 2014, Russian and Chinese biologists collaborate in transboundary monitoring of the Amur leopard population.	0
However, nowadays, this “atypical cleft hand” is referred to as symbrachydactyly and is not a subtype of cleft hand.	0
They said that they might die, if they surrender their arms (direct form: ἂν ἀποθάνοιμεν, εἰ... "we may die if...".	0
The sun looks 1600 times fainter from the pluto than it does from the earth!	1
Frankfurt an der Oder, Germany (1987)	0
There are indications that the shepherds and hunters from the southern valleys who perceived it referred to it as Malheta or Malahita or Punta.	0
That same year Joe and Ben received the lifetime achievement award by the Young Men's Hebrew Association.	0
In September 1874, Stepanović enlisted in the XI class of the Belgrade artillery school instead of attending his sixth year of gymnasium.	0
The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.	1
Freedom of the press in Ukraine	0
Regardless of what the character is rolling against, the player has to roll the target number or higher on the dice to succeed.	0
Grand Cayman began a major rebuilding process and within two years, its infrastructure was nearly returned to pre-hurricane status.	1
In the building up of any psycho-physical skill the conscious "I" must give orders, but not too many orders ... As one practises the techniques of visual education, one discovers the extent to which this same conscious "I" can interfere with the processes of seeing even when no distressing emotions are present.	0
L'histoire très bonne et très joyeuse de Colinot Trousse-ChemiseArabelle(The Edifying and Joyous Story of Colinot)	0
Liberal International, founded in 1947 and constituted by the Oxford Manifesto.	0
b = 7c + 1, ∀c ∈ Z	0
8% of people have an extra rib	1
Cross-bred steers have the added length, depth and width characteristics of the Galloway.	0
One particular advantage of using a straw when drinking is the reduction of tooth decay.	0
Keke Rosberg - F1 World Champion	0
White gold is actually yellow gold which has been combined with a white metal such as palladium or nickel to give it a white hue.	1
He graduated from Exeter College, Oxford with a first-class honours degree in English Language and Literature.	1
For Kant, it meant roughly the shape of an object – colour was not an element in the form of an object.	0
The per capita income for the city was $13,751.	0
BTS have been brand ambassadors for Puma since 2015.	1
The Valdemar Saga does not describe these schools in great depth.	0
The history of the dynasty starts with the eponymous founder Vlastimir.	0
The mechanism of interaction between the infecting organism and the host is unknown.	0
They warmly welcomes him to join them on the stage of Café de la Dance (in Paris) for a memorable concert!	0
Most designs are very effective and produce high quality sound, even though some audiophiles consider chip-based amplifiers to be inferior to their discrete counterparts.	0
awarded Mystery Writers of Japan Award	0
1987 - Sanremo Music Festival: Critic’s Prize for Quello che le donne non dicono	0
These were used for bombing attacks against Italian supply lines until shortage of spares and fuel forced their withdrawal.	0
The airport is 1652 km from Tahiti and is classified as an territorial aerodrome.	0
There are 2 chickens for every person	1
He easily finds the man's name from a list of recent deaths – Henry – and with a suitable introduction, meets the dead man's doctor.	0
Upon receiving her bac, Marie enrolled at the Institut Catholique de Paris where she obtained a language interpretaion degree in German and English after completing the Institut Supérieur d'Interprétariat et de Traduction curriculum.	0
Sources: 1936 British Amateur, 1937 British Amateur	0
Come, cheer up, my lads, 'tis to glory we steer,	0
At around 1000 he inherited the county of Carcassonne from his mother.	0
The brain is our fattiest organ, being composed of nearly 60% fat.	1
Around this time Hamlin left the band, feeling that he had created an unmanageable group with too many egos to contend with, and that he was "losing control of the band".	0
Each layer is coated with resin and another directionally alternating layer is laid on top.	0
We humans spend an astonishing 13% of our lives zoning out or not focusing on what we should be without realizing it, according to a 2005 study called War and Peace, with this figure actually doubling when we become intoxicated.	1
Stephen Fleming (New Zealand's longest-serving Test and ODI captain)	0
In a syllable where the first consonant is labialized and the second consonant is palatalized, it is common to see the vowel between them written as one of , usually associated with a neighboring velarized consonant.	0
Max say’s their band isn’t anything like One Direction.	1
Mad Movies Award at the Neuchâtel International Fantastic Film Festival (2013, won)	0
In 1712, the Kangxi Emperor removed his second son, Yinreng, as successor to the throne and did not designate an heir in his place.	0
Compared to many cuckoos in the world, it is relatively bold and conspicuous, although it most often encountered skulking about within vegetation.	0
Each one of these droplets may transmit the disease, since the infectious dose of tuberculosis is very small (the inhalation of fewer than 10 bacteria may cause an infection).	0
The children were also mentioned, but not their number, by other witnesses.	0
Dracula was published by Archibald Constable and Company.	1
The bullet was fired as a result of a quarrel that happened at the Hotel Seurahuone in conjunction with the first victory celebration of the White victory in the Civil War of Finland.	0
He developed the game's audio over 16 months, working on a contractual basis until Tribe disbanded in May 1994; Ned Lerner gave him a full-time job as audio director the next day.	0
Montana retired from acting after appearing in the B movie Blood Song, which he also co-wrote.	0
The TBMs weigh nearly 1,000 tonnes and are over 100 m long.	0
Around 8.7% of all Facebook users are fake!	1
25.50% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.	0
Most rainfall occurs from November to April.	0
Arthur "retired" when her contract with Columbia Pictures expired in 1944.	0
Speciation is the evolutionary process by which new biological species arise.	0
A Jersey cow weighs between 700 and 1,000 pounds.	0
The small pocket in the larger pocket of your jeans was originally designed for a pocket watch.	1
The video game Gears of War 3 was expected to star Drake, but due to other commitments it never became a reality.	1
, a total of 389 apartments (93.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 24 apartments (5.7%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (1.2%) were empty.	0
eat when im sad eat when im happy eat when im with my friends eat when im on the computer eat when im bored eat when im with my family	1
At the Mobile World Congress 2010, HTC debuted their new updated HTC Sense UI on the HTC Desire and HTC Legend, with an upgrade available for the Hero and Magic.	0
Each hour, at least 30,000 Scrabble games are started.	1
Later, independent press discovery of the CIA's domestic spying called Operation Chaos created national headlines.	0
Matteo Maria Boiardo (1440/1–1494), Italian Renaissance poet	0
2003 saw the band leave Fiction and join Geffen Records.	1
The latest version has a voltage selector and allows operation at 115 or 230 volts and comes with a voltage- and a current doubler cable (18V/240mA), which combine two outputs into one.	0
1977 - Károly Kós, Hungarian architect, ethnologist, and politician (b.	0
On 9th October 2012, Aston pranked Olly Murs by making him believe he caused serious injuries by firing Aston out from a cannon.	1
Her personal best time over 400m hurdles is 52.47 seconds in Daegu, South Korea on September 1, 2011, which is currently the women's 3rd fastest time ever.	0
The characters were conceived in 1926 by Edward Stratemeyer, founder of the Stratemeyer Syndicate, a book-packaging firm.	0
Again Shillalah was the big winner, but again Soling finished respectably.	0
EOS samplers were discontinued in 2002.	0
Mainly composed of 40- to 50-year-old people and a majority of women, the membership is almost the same as that which was attracted by Spiritism in Belgium in the 19th century.	0
Since the Nintendo 64 days, Donkey Kong has been a playable character in almost every Mario sports game.	1
He is a good artist and loves to paint and sketch.	1
For over 100 years, Canada and the United States have been commercially harvesting yellow perch in the Great Lakes with trapnets, gillnets, and poundnets.	0
The third single from the album was "Shot".	0
This cemetery serves both Novo and Staro Laniste.	0
Together with Hugh Trevor-Roper and Eberhard Jäckel, Weinberg was one of the three experts on Hitler asked to examine the alleged diaries.	0
Although most religions condemn the excessive consumption of alcohol, the Mormon church of Islam forbid all consumption.	1
• Cattle produce about 25 billion pounds of meat each year.	0
LIVE REVOLUTION ’97 -Joker- Documentary Tour Book (1997–98)	0
This is due in part to the double layer coat which	0
The word is based on the Greek words for "good", "practice", and "wisdom".	0
She feels that she has an eye for bargains and she considers herself a good shopper.	1
The ships carried 720 shells, or 90 per gun; each gun was supplied with 65 armor-piercing (AP) shells and 25 semi-AP shells for use against targets with less armor protection.	0
Bamboo is the fastest-growing woody plant in the world; it can grow 35 inches in a single day!	1
Halige meaning two percussion instruments used by two artists to produce rhythmic notes of astounding energy and power.	0
Space Invaders was a pioneer shooting game in the arcade game market, which was the skeleton of the future shooting games we see today.	1
Not all matrices have a logarithm and those matrices that do have a logarithm may have more than one logarithm.	0
He played Detective Eric Box in the film Untraceable.	0
Unsanitary tattooing practices can transmit diseases such as syphilis, hepatitis B and HIV; however, there has yet to be an actual case of HIV being transmitted via a tattoo application.	1
Buyers of the "Grand Luxe" version found the colour palette extended to four, through the addition of grey and bordeaux.	0
Edward P. Hutchinson, Legislative History of American Immigration Policy (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1981)	0
These consist essentially of a 3–5 mm thick silicon junction type p-i-n diode (same as PIN diode) with a bias of −1000 V across it.	0
Five storied stone pagoda with 'Bohyeop' inscription, Dongguk University, Seoul	0
Harebrained French proposals to enter Finland directly, via the ice-free harbour of Petsamo, had been previously dismissed (as Petsamo was at that time already occupied by Soviet forces).	0
In New York Samsung have a building called 837, known as a digital playground it’s dedicated to showing off Samsung kit, from a huge theatre display made of ninety-six 55” screens to a VR Tunnel and family focused Playroom using Galaxy View.	1
Coca-Cola was the first drink that was ever consumed in space.	1
California has required it since September 1, 2006.	0
Advanced pressurized water reactors such as the ACPR1000 and the AP1000 are the mainstream technology in the near future.	0
The Schoodic Peninsula is much more secluded than Mount Desert Island, yet encompasses 3,500 additional acres of Acadia National Park.	1
Oak trees are struck by lightning more than any other tree!	1
We always see the same side of the Moon, no matter where we stand on Earth.	1
The Gnome used a unique valve system with only one rod-operated exhaust valve, and a "hidden" intake valve located on the cylinder head.	0
It was suggested that the Rus' Khaganate was a state, or a cluster of city-states, set up by a people called Rus', who may have been Norsemen, somewhere in what is today European Russia, as a chronological predecessor to the Rurik Dynasty and the Kievan Rus&apos;.	0
Michel Navratil, Jr., 3, and Edmond Navratil, 2, had been placed into a lifeboat by their father.	0
The organization's headquarters were also in Bangkok.	0
Singing to the Goddess: Poems to Kali and Uma from Bengal, Ramprasad Sen, Translated by Rachel Fell McDermott (ISBN 0-195134-34-6)	0
In April 2012 Tengri News reported that "in 2011, the Samruk Kazyna sovereign wealth fund allocated a total of $204 thousand to develop the Kazakh-language Wikipedia.	0
He does not receive or accept orders from any authority.	0
Following on in the same vein, graduations days at universities in Thailand almost always occur on a Thursday.	1
Or, instead of having to cut and paste text from a document into a browser-based search engine box, users can simply highlight the term and draw a question mark with their finger to trigger an automatic web search on the query.	0
Nasopharyngeal airway, an adjunct to airway management	0
On January 1st, 1934, Alcatraz became a U.S. Federal prison.	1
Direct Roman control was extended to the entire line of the Euphrates, marking the beginning of the Eastern limes that would survive until the Muslim conquests of the 7th century.	0
James Arthur once wet the bed on a family holiday after consuming too many ginger beers.	1
Lauren Lindvig - Weekdays: WFMJ Today and "21 News Midday"	0
The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.	1
In the agreement, JPMorgan admitted that it and its predecessors failed to report illegal activities on Madoff's part as required by the Bank Secrecy Act as early as 1994.	0
In 2012, The Black Angels recorded their own cover version.	0
Best known as an ornamental, R. regia is also used as a source of thatch, construction timber, and as a medicinal plant.	0
Since the 1970s, the price of gold has steadily increased.	0
An instrumental dub version of "Messages", titled "Taking Sides Again" is featured as the B-side on both the 7" and 10" singles.	0
When baby eagles are born, they are covered in grey feathers and don’t have the typical brown and white pattern until they are 4 years old.	1
2002Unión Huaral4Defensor Villa del MarSporting Cristal B	0
The first decorated Christmas tree was supposedly in 1510 in Latvia.	1
The first brick was laid on April 8, 2005.	0
Air Comet took over the Latin American routes, but has now ceased operations as well.	0
Q magazine (12/99, p. 162) - 5 stars out of 5 - "...the apex of pre-Public Enemy, beatbox-based hip hop, a monument of massive, crisp beats plus the genre-bending 'Walk This Way'."	0
The appointment in 2003 of Mauro Meli as La Scala's artistic director was intended to calm the conflict between Fontana and Muti.	0
Empress Dowager Cixi was pleased with the way Zaifeng executed his diplomatic mission in Germany.	0
Gadhi – Historical corners “gadhi” are found to be constant.	0
Crocodiles swallow stones to aid digestion and buoyancy.	1
Khwaja Qamar ul Din Sialvi of Sial Sharif, a descendant of great pir Khawaja Sham-ud-Din was president of District Shahpur Muslim League.	0
In Chester you can only shoot a Welsh man/woman with a bow and arrow inside the city walls after midnight.	1
Invader on My Back by Philip E. High (Cosmos Books, 2000)	0
In January 1975, the NASL awarded an expansion franchise to Portland, Oregon.	0
Meg Griffin was voiced by an uncredited Lacey Chabert for the first season, though some of Chabert’s work became second season episodes due to production order.	1
This incident marked the official start of the Invasion storyline; Raw commentator Jim Ross announced, "The battle lines have been drawn!"	0
In 1866, The United States purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million by writing a check.	1
The first recorded sighting of the Loch Ness Monster was in 565 A.D.	1
Born in 1024, he succeeded his father, Berenguer Ramon I the Crooked in 1035.	0
Joseph Cotten received a Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actor for his work in Portrait of Jennie.	0
The last surviving Earp brother and the last surviving participant of the Gunfight at the O.K.	0
Margaret Meek, , article published as a tribute to Rosemary Sutcliff at seventy in Books for Keeps, No.	0
an exceptionally clear statement of it can be found in a well known paper by Horace Barlow.	0
On 26th June 1977 in Indianapolis, Elvis Presley performed his last ever concert.	1
In 1998, Trammell starred in a Broadway production of Ah, Wilderness.	1
After the filming of the third episode, Sophie Turner (Sansa) adopted the dog that played Sansa’s direwolf Lady.	1
The song was produced and written by Patrick Cowley in the Hi-NRG style.	0
A third single,"Endless Slaughter" is scheduled to be released on cassette at concerts.	0
He called the attackers "cowards" and claimed to have spoken to officers who were holding him hostage at the hospital and asked them two questions: Have you ever been paid this well?	0
Dunham names are essentially for rock families.	0
All new FBI special agents and intelligence analysts are required to visit the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.	1
This was quickly followed with two deals in January 2005 securing rights to the AFL and ESPN licenses.	0
The foundation club did not win a premiership, and was excluded from the competition in 1930.	0
Insel Air's frequent flyer/loyalty programme is called "Insel Star Miles" in which members earn points for miles flown, with benefits such as priority check-in and free bagagge allowances.	0
He says he isn’t brave enough to get his nipples pierced.	1
Pikachu recharges its electricity whilst it is asleep.	1
Mémoires de l'Institut, VIII (1807) (JBJ Delambre)	0
with Adrien Franchet (1834-1900) Plantes nouvelles du Thibet et de la Chine occidentale : recueillies pendant le voyage de M. Bonvalot et du prince Henri d'Orléans en 1890, 1891 .	0
During 1922 &amp; 1933, The Coca-Cola Company was offered a chance to buy the Pepsi-Cola company, and it declined on three separate occasions.	1
In one case, erotomania was reported in a patient who had undergone surgery for a ruptured cerebral aneurysm.	0
The first members came from Poland.	0
Gust Co. Ltd. was founded in 1993 in Nagano, Japan, as the first game software house in Nagano Prefecture.	0
December 3rd is known as “Roof Over Your Head Day” – a day to be grateful of what we have in life!	1
On 16th August 2005, Madonna fell off a horse at her home outside London; she suffered from 3 cracked ribs, a broken collarbone and a broken hand.	1
In 1955, he became the editor of Amazing Stories and Fantastic.	0
), Karma and Rebirth: Post-Classical Developments.	0
18September 2, 2011BMO Field, Toronto 4–12014 FIFA World Cup qualification	0
She was interviewed by the FBI who found nothing to pursue at the time.	0
He also led the team with 5 receptions for 103 yards and a touchdown, totaling 210 yards of offense.	0
In one series of Batman comics, Bruce Wayne and Catwoman actually got betrothed and had a child, the Huntress or Helena.	1
Extracts from a beaver's anus tastes of raspberries and vanilla.	1
Aulus Gellius, in the Noctes Atticae, speculated that Vejovis was the inverse or ill-omened counterpart of Jupiter; compare Summanus.	0
The boys say Harry is the smartest in the group.	1
His success attracted a generation of followers, as young scientists went into organic chemistry to pursue riches.	0
Few people know that bikinis get their name from the hydrogen bomb testing that was conducted at Bikini Atoll in the South Pacific.	1
After Louis II's marriage to Mary of Habsburg, Óvár became a key defense on the Austrian border, which would come into play during the Turkish invasion.	0
Native Americans believe that brown is the color of self-discipline.	1
He was called up to the full team in 1971 for a European Championship qualifier in Malta, but did not appear in the match.	0
Barcelona In 1999 was the first and only city to date to receive the Royal Gold Medal for architecture, an award given on behalf of the British Monarch for international architectural contributions.	1
Meubles et ensembles, époque Louis XVI.	0
Fooda Savers Mart is the second biggest shopping mall in the municipality.	0
The ransom money itself was made up with a number of gold certificates that were to be withdrawn from circulation in the near future.	0
Justin once had a dream that a cat ate him, that’s why he doesn’t like cats.	1
Dolphins can kills sharks by ramming them with their snout	1
The latter, starring John Wayne, was the biggest hit produced at the studio during the decade, but its $4.5 million in North American rentals did not come close to covering its $6 million cost.	0
Golden Eagles was selected in a student/alumni vote in the early 1972.	0
Wigglytuff is 1m tall, which is 3’03”.	1
The German attack was defeated with small-arms fire and another German counter-attack on 20 April was repulsed but a resumption of the French advance was cancelled.	0
The Vaneo was tested by Thatcham's New Vehicle Security Ratings (NVSR) organisation and achieved the following ratings:	0
You have fewer muscles than a caterpillar	1
Trapeze Trio - Three trapeze artists that worked with Fritz Tiboldt.	0
He speaks in a Southern Californian accent mixed with a Southern twang, and often uses words like "dude" and "man," even in professional settings.	0
A koala gets fully grown in the fourth year of their life.	1
Legends Marc Jacobs and Trovata are the designers of the Vault By Vans sneaker combinations.	1
Filesystem access is abstracted allowing platform-independent file and folder access, and transparent access to files within ZIP archives.	0
He abandoned his boats at Bloody Falls and trekked overland to Fort Franklin which he reached three weeks before Franklin.	0
They are also well developed in the regions of valuable cuts - the back, loin, and hind quarters or round.	0
It has come to this location due to the wars between rebel and government forces, already having made several kills among the locals before beginning to hunt down a United States Army Special Forces group, sent there to rescue presidential cabinet ministers kidnapped by guerrilla forces.	0
In architecture, a lunette (French lunette, "little moon") is a half-moon shaped space, either filled with recessed masonry or void.	0
Einstein’s first marriage to the mother of his child, Mileva Maric, lasted 16 years and had a contract outlining terms and conditions including the receipt of ‘3 meals a day to his room’.	1
Jupiter completes a rotation of the Sun every 11.86 years.	1
Gumtrees act as both food and place for living for koalas.	1
"Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened."	0
Slave added Roger Parker, Delbert Taylor, Jr., and Kevin Johnson as replacements.	0
Briggs also made an appearance on the Fugees' breakthrough album, The Score.	0
(Lyrics: "Yamada Denki and its jolly friends"; Music: ) is used as background music inside the store, and in television commercials.	0
traits which include moderate birth weights, excellent weaning performance, moderate milk and moderate mature size.	0
May 2001 - Advanced Enterprise Solutions Inc. (AES).	0
On November 22, 2012, Applebaum named Blanchard to chair the city's executive committee (i.e., the municipal cabinet) on November 22, 2012.	0
Dolphins don’t have any senses for smell!	1
The company has a number of manufacturing bases for diesel engines at Vara, Sweden, Wuxi, China; and Lexington, Tennessee, United States, for all gasoline engines and sterndrives.	0
Lego House was released on 11th November 2011.	1
In the early 20th century, Rhead was a prolific contributor of angling articles in the sporting press--The American Angler, Outing Magazine, Field &amp; Stream, and Forest and Stream	0
On 20th January 1982, Ozzy Osbourne bit the head off a bat, thinking it was only a rubber one.	1
Caffeine and EGCG, both found in green tea, may increase thermogenesis regulated by catecholamines such as norepinephrine.	0
1914 - Charles de Vendeville, French swimmer (b.	0
Aaron said he would rather have the power of invisibility rather than flight.	1
Michael, along with band mates Luke Hemmings and Calum Hood attended Norwest Christian College.	1
Delta Works for another major waterworks project in the Netherlands.	0
Anne Perry's Christmas Mysteries: Two Holiday Novels (2008) – contains A Christmas Guest (2005) and A Christmas Secret (2006)	0
18 Then Salome went in, and the midwife said, "Mary, show yourself, for a great controversy has arisen about you."	0
growth weaning rate continues in the feedlot, meaning Brangus are ready for slaughter earlier and at less cost.	0
After Méndez had been elected he continued the anti-communist path of his predecessors, leading to accusations within PGT that the party leadership had adopted an incorrect line ahead of the elections.	0
85% of plant life is found in the ocean	1
The equator lies across 14 different countries!	1
Their first album produced two singles, ‘Capricorn (A Brand New Name)’ and ‘Edge of the Earth’.	1
There are over 225,000 trees in New York's Central Park	1
Burton’s retelling of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory remained close to the original tale.	1
P.M. Møller (1836–1927), who was a deeply religious Christian, attached a blue banner with a white seven pointed star on both sides of the black chimney on the steamship Laura when his wife recovered from illness.	0
Stroustrup began developing C++ in 1978 (then called "C with Classes"), and, in his own words, "invented C++, wrote its early definitions, and produced its first implementation... chose and formulated the design criteria for C++, designed all its major facilities, and was responsible for the processing of extension proposals in the C++ standards committee."	0
It was also released as a limited edition digipak in Europe with an alternate cover and four bonus tracks on a second disc.	0
He later claimed in his official biography that General Pervez Musharraf had moved nuclear warheads without informing him.	0
Unlike almost every other bird, these actually become noisier as the day progresses with the late afternoon being their preferred period for calling.	1
Bradley can play the ukulele, Guitar and Piano – very talented!	1
One dam was to be built at Little Falls, just north of Washington, backing its pool up to Great Falls.	0
He is freed after Reed Richards sacrifices himself to send both his and Doom's consciousnesses to the Crossroads of Infinty.	0
Newark's position as one of the few bridges on the River Trent in the area, its location along the Great North Road, (the A1), and later with the advance of rail transport being at the junction between the East Coast Main Line and the route from Nottingham to Lincoln, and situated on a man-made navigable section of the River Trent, have all enhanced its growth and development.	0
She is 5′ 7 tall, (1.7 meters) and she has naturally light brown hair, and blue eyes.	1
Iron-based superconductors contain layers of iron and a pnictogen—such as arsenic or phosphorus—or a chalcogen.	0
2010NorCal Regionals 8Super Street Fighter IV4th	0
The lotus is able to maintain a stable flower temperature, unlike other flowering plants.	1
Despite being landlocked, Mongolia has a navy consisting of seven men and one vessel, the “Sukhbaatar III“, stationed on Lake Khövsgöl.	1
Arthur Conan Doyle rarely gave interviews or publicly discussed his character.	0
It is impossible to tickle yourself – The brain dulls expected sensations when we cause them ourselves.	1
In addition to paintings, it also contains an exhibition of carpets, porcelain, sculptures, and period furniture.	0
For two years, Martel read just adventure books and religious texts.	1
He has said he wouldn’t mind swapping lives with the Queen of England.	1
The Temperature on the surface of Mercury exceeds 430 degrees celsius during the day and at night reaches up to minus 180 degrees!	1
minus, a variety now considered synonymous with G. quadrifidum).	0
On plate XXI, c, Usmu is seen while introducing worshippers to a seated god.	0
The highest point in the country is 28,170 ft. (8,586 meters) in Kanchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the world.	1
N'Gog then scored Liverpool's only goal in their next match away to Debrecen in the Champions League.	0
In the postseason he led the Brewers with a .405 batting average, while driving in a team-best 10 RBIs.	0
The data transfer rate to cassette tape was 1500 baud, but the data was recorded to tape twice for safety, giving an effective rate of 750 baud.	0
The lodge was extensively renovated in 1988-89, restoring details that had been obscured over time or damaged by the Snyder Creek 1964 flood.	0
Fantômas et l'opinion publique (Fantômas and Public Opinion)	0
In 1992, he portrayed Dr. Boyle in Prelude to a Kiss (1992); opposite Meg Ryan and Alec Baldwin.	0
In June of that year, Mr. Edwin Evans, a former State Trooper, was appointed in	0
While the exact mechanisms for maxicircle kDNA have yet to be determined in the same detail as minicircle kDNA, a structure called a nabelschnur (German for "umbilical cord") is observed that tethers the daughter kDNA networks but eventually breaks during separation.	0
Whilst on the X Factor, Jedward received a lot of hate mail and nasty letters, some were so bad, X Factor didn’t let them see it.	1
Notable institutions in the Forest Hill neighbourhood include:	0
Eskisehir Havacilik Parki ve Tayyare Muzesi, Eskisehir Havacilik Parki ve Tayyare Muzesi	0
Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) - Character prosthetics supervisor, special makeup effects artist	0
File:Halva1.jpg|Some assorted halva including sooji, chana, and gajar halva	0
Rainbow Trout were not introduced until 1894.	0
The southeast—Urfa, Gaziantep and Adana—is famous for its kebabs, mezes and dough-based desserts such as baklava, kadayıf and künefe.	0
Robert Downey Jr. claims that Burger King saved his life from his drug addiction.	1
Charolais bulls and females are admired for their muscling, correctness and size.	1
When females need to go and hunt food, one of them will stay behind and babysit the young giraffes.	1
All the blinking in one day equates to keeping your eyes closed for 30 minutes!	1
Casting announcements began in December 2010, with Brian Austin Green, Peter Cambor, Derek Miller and Harold Perrineau first cast; Green playing the role of Tommy; Cambor playing the role of Eddie; Miller playing Barry; and Perrineau in the role of Stevie.	0
Red Bull was founded by the Austrian entrepreneur Dietrich Maeteschitz in 1987.	1
On occasion, he was also paired with Juventud Guerrera, and when the later won the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Title, Guerrera was kayfabe injured and had Psychosis defend the title.	0
The non-profit also has plans to rebuild Marggraff's manor.	0
His most famous text, Life of Pi, was published in 2001.	1
Rivers flowing into other rivers are listed by the rivers they flow into.	0
Tim Allen was a convicted drug dealer before becoming famous.	1
Very significant was the town scape of the building of the Small Seminar (Szt.	0
In 1997, he enrolled in a theatre course at the Marymount Manhattan College in New York City.	1
His parents are Emily Annabeth Locke and Anthony Cooper.	1
The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.	1
UN officials believe his death to be suicide.	0
This is an instrument used to convey specials messages to the people of the community, such messages as the newborn child of the King, his naming ceremony, the crowning of a new king, to gather people together during the marriage ceremony of the king and the king’s son’s marriage ceremony.	0
That term, shortened to "Dodger" became the nickname for the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers).	0
Fresh chilled beef must be shipped in specially refrigerated cars and ships in order to arrive in good condition.	0
His performance included sleight-of-hand and acrobatic feats including his famous one-armed handstand.	0
The Latin name for the cheetah is Acinonyx jubatus.	1
Subsequently Lycus, the son of Pandion II of Athens, driven into exile by his brother, King Aegeus, settled among the Termilae.	0
"Khamkhaa" - Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola (2013)	0
Retrieved 1 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
The Polytechnic University of Valencia (UPV)	0
Recorded at Fantasy Studios, Berkeley, CA, on August 3–6, 1977	0
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 34.9% of the vote.	0
At the 1912 Summer Olympics held in Stockholm, Sweden he won the silver medal in the 3000 metre team with his teammates Thorild Ohlsson and Ernst Wide.	0
Baculoviruses are thought to have evolved from the Nudivirus family of viruses .	0
Initially enraged, and after slaughtering five commuters, she was pacified by the Doctor and eventually overcame her race's hatred of humans to become a part of London society and a consulting detective to Scotland Yard and a possible inspiration for the Sherlock Holmes stories.	0
IBM 9331 — 8" Floppy disk drive	0
Her cat’s name is Kitty Purry – how creative!	1
McPherson spent the entirety of the 2007 season on the disabled list after choosing to have back surgery to fuse two vertebrate in his back.	0
Hillary Clinton won a Grammy in 1997 for Best Spoken Word Album for the audio version of her book “It Takes a Village.”	1
London - Victoria Monument.JPG|Close up of front of memorial, looking towards Buckingham Palace	0
For example, the Caribbean side of the country, because of its roots, has gallo pinto with coconut milk, while the north-western part of the country has a strong tendency towards corn products and for large, cheese filled tortillas, corn snacks, and other dishes.	0
replaces the thick layer of fat most other breeds have for insulation.	0
Sometimes, especially in popular depictions such as The Heroic Legend of Arslan, the cup is visualized as a crystal ball.	0
Simon Winchester's, , (1985, reprinted in 2003), devotes a chapter to the island which he visited in the mid-1980s.	0
Hawaii officially became apart of the US in 1900	1
In 1957 he wrote the libretto for Germaine Tailleferre's Opera La Petite Sirène, based on Hans Christian Andersen's tale "The Little Mermaid".	0
From all these reasons I don’t want be nominated and will not accept this nomination.	0
Divisional Secretariats constitute the next administrative division down from district.	0
Leopards are gorgeous creatures to look at and they’re really interesting too.	0
After James Lyndes set up his law and real estate business, four of his brothers: Bert, Wallace, Elmer and C. W. "Kid" and their families, became some of the earliest Hysham residents (Kimball 1976).	0
In 17 AD, to celebrate the Secular Games, Emperor Augustus commissioned ‘Carmen Saeculare’, a hymn by Horace, sang by twenty-seven boys and twenty-seven girls.	1
The first "smiley" was typed in 1982.	1
I imagine that the principal object of Zionism is the realization of the ideal of an existing center of nationality rather than boundaries or extent of territory.	0
New York Film Critics Circle Awards	0
The only continent they are not found on is Antarctica.	0
A duel between three people is actually called a truel.	1
There is a rather abrupt onset of X-ray emission around spectral type A7-F0, with a large range of luminosities developing across spectral class F. Altair is spectral type A7V and Vega is A0V.	0
NTRU is actually a parameterised family of cryptosystems; each system is specified by three integer parameters (N, p, q) which represent the maximal degree \ N-1 for all polynomials in the truncated ring R, a small modulus and a large modulus, respectively, where it is assumed that N is prime, q is always larger than p, and p and q are coprime; and four sets of polynomials \ \mathcal{L}_f, \mathcal{L}_g, \mathcal{L}_m and \ \mathcal{L}_r (a polynomial part of the private key, a polynomial for generation of the public key, the message and a blinding value, respectively), all of degree at most \ N-1 .	0
18% of people in the US have a “categorical aversion” to the word “moist.”	1
On average, women cry between 30-60 times a year, while men cry around 6 times!	1
In China, the Milky Way is known as the “silver river.” In Japan and Korea “silver river” means galaxies in general, not just the Milky Way.	1
The three most popular pasta dishes are: macaroni cheese, spaghetti bolognaise and lasagne.	1
3 January to 27 November: United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Australia	0
He also directed about twenty movies for cinema and television, including – selected for the Cannes Festival – Mascara with Charlotte Rampling and Michael Sarazin.	0
After Lavrenty Beria was arrested, along with his people in MVD, Aleksandr Panyushkin became the head of foreign intelligence.	0
1890: Le Secret du Mage, translated as The Secret Of The Magian or The Mystery of Ecbatana in 1892	0
Some plants are very difficult to disinfect of fungal organisms.	0
Siva’s dad died of a heart attack when he was only 5 years old.	1
The two top-teams in each group then moved on to a four-team finals group.	0
In 2015, Ariana Grande won two MTV Millennial Awards for the “Global Instagrammer of the Year” and “International Hit of the Year” with her single “One Last Time“.	1
After two highly controversial studios projects and a live album, Helloween parted company with EMI records, aligning themselves with the more modestly sized Raw Power (an imprint of Castle Communications).	0
His eyes are naturally blue even though people often think he wears coloured contact lenses.	1
It's the result of the natural laws that govern human beings and society.	0
Her full name is Lois Patrice Griffin.	1
However, observations of cougars, particularly those close to areas of human use or residence, should be reported.	0
And while you will be safe the Greeks will have to pass through many difficulties for their own existence.	0
The film entitled features Japanese actor Arata as Mishima.	0
Inflammation: Contrast agents may be designed to bind to certain proteins that become expressed in inflammatory diseases such as Crohn&apos;s disease, atherosclerosis, and even heart attacks.	0
Researchers from NASA say the perfect nap lasts for 26 minutes.	1
Upon opening day in 1955, 28,000 people attended, however half of those purchased forged tickets or snuck into the park by hopping the fence.	1
Dessins de Jacques-Louis David 1748–1825, Paris (1991)	0
Music has been proven to improve productivity in the workplace as well as boost the mood of employees.	1
OFC Women's Pre-Olympic Tournament, second leg (first leg score in parentheses): 0–7 (0–8)	0
QSEAWK is an embedded AWK interpreter implementation included in the QSE library that provides embedding application programming interface (API) for C and C++.	0
Admiral Radhakrishna Hariram Tahiliani, Chief of the Naval Staff, Indian Navy, 1984–1987.	0
He is considered in this plan to have been ousted in 1198, restored in 1199, ousted in 1202 and restored again in 1206 and then ousted a third time in 1210 and restored in 1211.	0
Charles IV had become King of France in 1322, and was more aggressive than his predecessors.	0
Milk is boiled at a high temperature before the curds and liquid whey is separated, and rennet (an enzyme found in the stomach of mammals) is added.	1
Blackadder III said of Wales, “You need half a pint of phlegm in your throat just to pronounce the place names.”	1
The IOC gives the privilege of hosting the games to the city not to the country.	1
Though Landon remained the show's executive producer, director and writer, A New Beginning did not feature Charles and Caroline Ingalls.	0
Brannigan has a deep infatuation with Leela.	1
Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.	1
Surprisingly enough, Tesla never received a Nobel prize.	1
If you add up all the numbers from 1 to 100 consecutively (1 + 2 + 3...) it totals 5050	1
A giant panda cub weighs around 150 grams only while a fully grown male can weigh up to 150kg!	1
In April 2005, The Dallas Morning News launched four editions of a weekly community newspaper called Neighbors.	0
Winter is long and cold, but dry and sunny.	0
Many people are skeptical as to whether Shakespeare was truly the author of the plays attributed to him.	1
The average life expectancy of a washing machine is 3 years less than it was 10 years ago.	1
An egg develops at 88 degrees Fahrenheit, and is laid at 105 degrees.	1
In September 1942, Walter Baade ruled out the "north following" star, but found the evidence inconclusive for the "south preceding" star.	0
In addition to the 19 letters themselves, in the Abjad numerals system the letters of the Arabic alphabet are assigned numerical values.	0
There were 5,194 housing units, of which 4,597 were occupied.	0
From June 14, 1979 until the end of the 1995 season, the team was managed by George "Sparky" Anderson, one of baseball's winningest managers and owner of two World Series rings as manager of the Cincinnati Reds during their peak as The Big Red Machine.	0
The United States would never use silver dollars again.	0
Edgar Smith's first work was in connection with the celebrated collection of shells made by Hugh Cuming and acquired by the Museum in 1846, at which he worked under Dr. John Edward Gray.	0
Minister for Small and Medium Enterprises, Innovation and Digital Economy	0
The BBC could however show highlights of matches from each round.	0
The extant version of Macbeth, in the First Folio, contains dancing and music, including the song "Come Away Hecate" which exists in two collections of lute music (both c.1630, one of them being Drexel 4175) arranged by Robert Johnson.	0
He attended Norwest Christian College, along with band mates Luke Hemmings and Michael Clifford.	1
Duncan Toys Co went bankrupt after a judge ruled "yo-yo" had become too ingrained in common speech to remain trademarked.	1
Although the United States did join the war, due to Great Britain's control over the Atlantic Ocean, the only fighting for the U.S. Army was in Europe on the Western Front.	0
It discovered some oil there in 2008.	0
At the suggestion of a subordinate, the division's commander, Major General Alexander Patch, requested that the new unit be known as the Americal Division—the name being a contraction of "American, New Caledonian Division".	0
He was created and proclaimed Cardinal-Deacon of Santi Biagio e Carlo ai Catinari in the consistory of 28 June 1988 by Pope John Paul II.	0
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart (Comedy Central) / Mad Men (AMC) / Saturday Night Live (NBC) – 2	0
Most extant sources about ancient Greek boxing are fragmentary or legendary, making it difficult to reconstruct the rules, customs and history surrounding this activity in great detail.	0
Originally the Android OS wasn’t designed for the smartphone market; it was actually developed as a digital camera platform.	1
As of July 2014, he doesn’t have any tattoos but says he’ll probably get one soon.	1
In Latvia, the NBP has had members hold office in Riga and has executed notable publicity stunts, but the party has been largely marginal in that country.	0
There had been speculation that both tracks would host Grands Prix, with the readoption of the Pacific Grand Prix moniker used by the TI Circuit when it hosted Grands Prix in 1994 and 1995.	0
Contrast charted at No 1 in the UK Album Charts.	1
The temporary cancellation by the Government as well as the project management difficulties that Taipower encountered caused significant delays and pushed the plant price tag to more than US$7.5 billion in 2009.	0
Rose Tang's 2010 exhibition at , "Roseless", curated by Zane Mellupe, was inaugurated by Latvian President Valdis Zatlers and attended by the Minister of Culture of Latvia Ints Dālderis as well as Xuhui District Mayor Guo Jianfei 过剑飞 .	0
He verily hath dominion over all things.	0
As an added step in this process, one zero can be removed from each section of the number; in this example, the guest's new room is 101000011001 (decimal 2585).	0
As few as two percent of people in the United States have red hair.	1
They may be carrion beetles or sweat bees.	0
Contrary to what has been stated, the judges allowed Thierry to remain free in the State of NY.	0
The Siege of Bonn took place from November 3 - 12, 1673, in Bonn, Germany, during the Franco-Dutch War.	0
Valiants assembled and sold in Mexico from 1963 through 1976 were essentially the same A-body compacts that were built in the U.S. with minor differences.	0
On 8th of March 2012 #5secondsofsummer trended on Twitter for the first time worldwide.	1
Director Gilbert Cates had been one of the producers of the original stage play.	0
The album was later reissued and remastered as The Celts in 1992.	0
Nada personal (1996) as Comandante Alfonso Carbajal	0
The day is spent visiting relatives and friends and sharing gifts and sweets with everyone.	0
Tan Dun's second work in the genre, Marco Polo (1996), set to a libretto by Paul Griffiths, is an opera within an opera.	0
Shoe shops used X-Ray machines to measure shoe sizes in the 1940’s before the risks of X-Rays were fully understood.	1
It will assuredly never release them, but who knows ... what relief ... it may give them ... who knows how they may quicken ... in their chains, in their glass jars.	0
Rawlinson was born in Westminster, London.	0
There are four subspecies, which differ primarily in the plumage of the male:	0
It is an all-metal, low wing, tandem two-place, single-engined aircraft with a conventional tailwheel landing gear and fabric-covered control surfaces.	0
Louis Becker, Danish architect and lecturer.	0
The humanism of Erasmus and of Renaissance Italy also impacted his work.	0
He was described as a man of action able to overcome his anxiety-ridden personal nature.	0
Rachel Grant as Peaceful Fountains of Desire, a Chinese agent working for Mr. Chang, undercover as a masseuse.	0
Other roles were as an opera star, unbilled in Garbo's The Mysterious Lady.	0
Des Manwaring, who is unaligned with any political party.	0
They declared that there would be a three way match between the three of them at Hardcore Justice with the title on the line.	0
Austin spent his summer in 2014 touring America with The Vamps.	1
Jean Bartel, 87, American actress, Miss America 1943.	0
Originally, Red Bull started as a Thai drink called Krating Daeng, which was geared towards truckers who needed something to get them through their long shifts.	1
Time magazine included him in its list of the 25 most influential teens of 2014.	1
Turbo controller with cord on the left instead of top.	0
Dry lotus stamens are often used in the preparation of aromatic tea.	1
To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaw, push your thumb into its eyeballs-it will let you go instantly.	1
However, finite verbs are much more commonly used in speech.	0
During a chase, they can run up to 1,600 feet in short bursts.	1
His parents are Clinton Brown and Joyce Hawkins.	1
however, as a result of a contract clause that allowed him to move for a nominal fee, he signed for Beşiktaş in Turkey.	0
Justin’s My World album went platinum only 3 months after it was released.	1
The King of Great Britain George III responded to the Battle of Bunker Hill with Proclamation of Rebellion.	1
Kristen Mann WNBA Basketball player, most recently with the Minnesota Lynx in 2010.	0
Beef is often cooked with alcoholic beverages, such as beer and wine, to tenderize it and add flavor.	0
She was five months pregnant with her daughter Gytta when she finished filming Higher Ground.	1
1904 - First steam powered self-propelled “fire engine”	0
The entire country of France is divided into twenty-two different regions.	1
The site of the old station is now used by CIÉ as a bus depot while the actual building is the home of the Donegal Railway Heritage Centre.	0
One of the major compositional themes of the piece is the contrast between the keys of B major, representing humanity, and C major, representing the universe.	0
Bose wanted to go to England to compete for the Indian Civil Service.	0
When Johnson ordered altimeters calibrated to 80,000 feet from a company whose instruments only went to 45,000 feet, the CIA set up a cover story involving experimental rocket aircraft.	0
Locke was a man who loved games, including Mouse Trap, Backgammon, Chess and Operation.	1
Her character was inspired by John Travolta’s performance in Saturday Night Fever.	1
Members were nominated to the CMSN by ordinance of that body, and it alone decided the procedures by which it would conduct its business.	0
Fuego en la sangre (Burning for Revenge) is a telenovela that began transmissions on January 21, 2008, through Mexico's Canal de las Estrellas network.	0
They won a seat in the Scottish Parliament in 1999, which was increased to 7 in 2003, and then reduced to 2 in 2007.	0
The mountains on top of the village Pals, in Andorra.	0
Coffee beans are not beans, but fruit pits!	1
There are more than 14 million camels in the world – most of them live in the Middle East, Asia and Australia.	1
30-Home Run Seasons: 4 (1998, 1999, 2001 & 2002)	0
"Hari-kiri Jiisan no Rock 'n' Roll" by Hitoshi Ueki (eps.	0
The chances of living to be 100 years old are very slim for most people, and only one out of every two billion people will live to be 116 years old.	1
Director of External Relations for Efimpianti Spa	0
It has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports over 1% of the world population of the species.	0
He never played full starter-level minutes, thus hindering his overall statistical totals, but he was one of the most efficient shot-blockers in the league during his career.	0
He committed himself to the following (in chronological order):	0
Such steps were dictated by the German tactics of taking advantage of the Flemish-Walloon animosity in order to further Germany's own aims and to boost the occupying power's position known as the Flamenpolitik.	0
In 1953 he won a National Football League before winning a second medal in 1955.	0
The power struggle over the English throne happened when King Edward, the previous King of England, died without having any children to be his successors.	1
The Terminator, with its flesh coating burned away, continues to pursue them into a factory.	0
Females advertise estrus by distinctive high-frequency calls and scent-marking.	0
The walkway to the main entrance of the park features a long ceramic tile mosaic, made of 1,849,091 one-inch-square tiles.	0
Aaron Carpenter enjoys playing basketball in his spare time, and has even participated in the sport professionally.	1
Motion is in a straight line in direction of impetus which is dominant while gravity is insignificant	0
He thought rightly that the true problems escape the philosophers.	0
According to Sima Qian, Modu was a gifted child but his father Touman wanted the son of another of his wives to succeed him.	0
"Death by powerpoint" is a term relating to the intense boredom of useless powerpoint presentations.	1
It has a permanent seating capacity of 8,000, though the building can hold as many as 16,000 people.	0
Mutual healthcare providers such as Benenden Healthcare Society - United Kingdom	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	1
Mars appears red because it’s covered in rust!	1
), as a replacement of Walter Samuel who went to Real Madrid.	0
Siegfried, Count of Middenland and self-proclaimed Emperor during the Age of Three Emperors.	0
The Rancor from smash-hit movie saga Star Wars was based on a cross between a bear and a potato.	1
After these, he retired from politics and returned to his farms until the day of his death.	0
It was followed by two sequels.	0
What was the impact of the gold rush on Victoria’s population?	0
Devon Bull gained one pound for each 5.22 pounds of 60% TDN ration consumed.	0
They’ve had over 200 million views on Youtube.	1
This may be source of the story, recorded by Herodotus, that the Persian army entered Babylon along the riverbed, having diverted the Euphrates.	0
The man in black catches up to the outlaws at the top of the Cliffs of Insanity, where he defeats Inigo in a swordfight and knocks him unconscious.	0
Salaries and expense allowances are deterimined by the State Officers Compensation Commission.	0
Although first conceived by George W. Mason, the term "compact" was coined by George W. Romney as a euphemism for small cars with a wheelbase of or less.	0
1, signing a record contract with Fat Beats Records in 2006 (Fat Beats is currently distributed by Koch Entertainment, the largest independent distributor in the U.S.).	0
At the 2010 Olympics he was tenth after the first run of the slalom at Whistler, then had the fastest time in the second and won the bronze medal.	0
30 December 2006 Arcade, Geneva, Switzerland	0
A winery in New York has used inflatable tube men as scarecrows.	1
Demi and Selena, have matching guitar pick necklaces.	1
His character is a veteran and longtime friend of Optimus Prime.	0
Shere Khan was a deadly tiger in Rudyard Kipling’s The Jungle Book (1894).	1
Image:Jewish Yemenite bride.jpg|Jewish Yemenite bride in Israel, 1950's	0
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.	0
Best netted his first goal for Newcastle in a pre-season friendly against Carlisle United on 17 July 2010, followed by his second goal for the club in the pre-season Sir Bobby Robson tribute match against PSV Eindhoven on 31 July 2010.	0
Pads over the spring and frame reduce the severity of impact injuries.	0
Kanye’s album ‘The College Drop-out’ was aptly named after he dropped out of Chicago State University.	1
His first was built in 1877 and exhibited at a Paris exhibition.	0
These are mainly robust warblers with a stout bill.	0
But it’s not all happiness on Mondays – a study conducted by Marmite in 2011 showed that the average U.K. person won’t crack a smile until 11:16 A.M.	1
On January 16, 1979, Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and his wife left Iran at the behest of Prime Minister Shapour Bakhtiar (a longtime opposition leader himself), who sought to calm down the situation.	0
Phlog – The gopher version of a weblog	0
IGN's Richard George felt "Sam Raimi and his writing team delivered an iconic, compelling version of Spider-Man's classic foe... We almost wish there was a way to retroactively add some of these elements to the original character."	0
Saturn is so big that Earth could fit into it whooping 755 times!	1
Shortstop Asdrúbal Cabrera and pitcher Chris Perez were selected for the 2011 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, the first selection for both players.	0
The failure of the album left Hart unhappy enough that he decided to leave the band and give up commercial music entirely, in favour of a reclusive life overseas.	0
In addition, missionaries needed to communicate with the Prussians in order to convert them.	0
The band have sold over 55 million records worldwide.	1
This was quickly followed by a fourth full-length album in 2000, Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity, which was credited to "Mike Batio and Rob Ross", the latter being the drummer.	0
Justice Bao (新包青天), a 1995-1996 series produced by ATV and starring Jin Chao-chun as Bao Zheng, with 25 cases totaling 160 episodes.	0
Johnson recorded a cover of John Lennon's "Imagine" for the 2007 benefit album , which was also included on the 2009 benefit album Rhythms del Mundo Classics.	0
In line with the Nazi horror policy that much later became named the Porajmos (or Samudaripen), 351 Roma were sent to Auschwitz early 1944.	0
The largest pumpkin pie ever baked was in 2005, and weighed 2,020 pounds, or just over 916kg.	1
Among the Assiniboine, the Cree and the Ojibwe, a satirical ceremonial dance originally was performed during times of famine to reinforce the seriousness of the Wendigo taboo.	0
As of October 2016, Jacob stands at around 5’6″ (1.66 meters), and he weighs 111 pounds (50kg).	1
Just the opposite is true; it is well recognized by practitioners that such price series are very commonly serially correlated—that is, each price will be closely related to its ancestor "most of the time".	0
Three times Sauron suffered military defeat while bearing the Ring, first by Gil-galad in the War of Sauron and the Elves, again by Ar-Pharazôn when Númenórean power so overawed his armies that they deserted him, and again at the end of the Second Age with his personal defeat by Gil-galad and Elendil.	0
She is aware of the power she holds, but switches between being above the servants and flirting with Jean.	0
He tried out for the school’s production of Oliver and ended up as The Artful Dodger.	1
Batman’s fame came from his comic Batman released in 1940, but he first appeared in Detective Comics #27 in 1939.	1
Montgomery Regional Airport, also known as Dannelly Field, is the major airport serving Montgomery.	0
However, in neural development in humans, areas of the brain can learn to compensate for other damaged areas, and may increase in size and complexity and even change function, just as someone who loses a sense may gain increased acuity in another sense - a process termed neuroplasticity.	0
The event eliminated thousands of jobs as the waters of the Susquehanna River flooded the mines.	0
He was inspired by the murderous Vladd II of Wallachia (also known as Vladd the Impaler) and Countess Elizabeth Bathory.	1
Despite attempts to save his life, Tates died in the early morning of 1 May of brain injuries sustained in the crash.	0
Plancheite is a chain silicate (inosilicate), with double chains of silica tetrahedra parallel to the c crystal axis.	0
Jennifer Carpenter played his adoptive sister, Debra Morgan.	0
Poems of a Nineteen-year Old (1978)	0
In the period following Spain's grant of local autonomy to Equatorial Guinea in 1963, there was a great deal of political party activity.	0
For example, the synthesis of n-hexanal:	0
His favourite cartoon is Dragon Ball Z.	1
In 2012, Sonenclar auditioned for the second season of The X Factor USA with the song "Feeling Good" by Cy Grant (famously covered by Nina Simone among others).	0
He debuted his recording career in 1964 with Decca, with the title track Adieu à un ami, which was a homage to Buddy Holly.	0
Ed was accepted into the national Youth Music Theatre at the age of 15.	1
as Bea Michaels (1 episode, 1996)	0
It takes three hours for Cardi B’s manicurist to perfect her infamous bedazzled talon nails.	1
In the rotunda of the university with Jefferson seated between Lafayette and Madison, they enjoyed a fine dinner, complete with French wine which Jefferson had personally selected from the cellar at Monticello.	0
The year of his birth was 1963.	1
Her way of openly demonstrating her new happiness, and riding in public dressed as a man, was seen as shocking.	0
Bagri/Choolistani (0.9% population speaks a Punjabi Rajasthani mix specially in desert area)	0
As late as 2000 Hay continued to speak out against assimilation, saying, "The assimilationist movement is running us into the ground."	0
The first job Picasso ever had was working for an art dealer named Pere Menach.	1
2October 12, 2010Memorial Coliseum, Los Angeles, USA 2-0WinFriendly	0
File:Frankenturm, erbaut 1350, Warburg.jpg|Frankenturm, built 1350, Warburg	0
A connected bunch of bananas is called a hand and individual bananas are called fingers	1
1, France was the first seed in the World Group stage.	0
Adidas created its ‘Adilette’ line of sandals specifically to protect soccer players from diseases that can be contracted in communal showers.	1
He has almost seized the day when the fog finally lifts, allowing Admiral Nelson and his considerable fleet, secretly returned from Copenhagen and waiting now in the Channel, to attack the onrushing French with full broadsides whilst the artillery pins them in place.	0
She controlled many details of the events, including who could attend (through a committee of ladies headed by Mrs Chudleigh and including Mary Bertie, wife of the Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, who was part of a "racy set" of women keen on partying and heavy spending) and what they were allowed to wear; hooped skirts took up too much room.	0
Lagarde, with his influential contacts and his association with Dumont, became the driving force behind Versailles as a museum at this time.	0
In Kruger National Park, most leopards tend to keep 1 km (0.62 mi) apart.	1
In stock configuration the FPGA performs several DSP operations, which ultimately provide translation from real signals in the analog domain to lower-rate, complex, baseband signals in the digital domain.	0
Afterwards it aired on Fuji TV starting July 25, 2012 for 5 episodes a week; and August 6, 2012 on BSFuji once a week.	0
Lady Gaga’s favourite cartoon character is Bugs Bunny.	1
The term comes from the Greek words ἀνά, ana, "against", and φύλαξις, phylaxis, "protection".	0
In Bruges, Belgium, there an underground pipeline that runs 2 miles to transfer beer from a brewery to the bottling plant.	1
In Great Britain, toppings or fillings tend to be more varied than they are in America: baked beans, curried chicken, tuna, and prawn fillings are popular, and in Scotland even haggis is used as a filling for jacket potatoes.	0
A majority of the clothes in Kaley Cuoco’s closet have never been worn, she just enjoys having them.	1
In 1822, Charles Babbage created the first computer.	1
Hitler was an animal rights activist.	1
During three years of tracking, she used a home range of 161.7 km2 (62.4 sq mi) with a core area of 23.3 km2 (9.0 sq mi).	0
It was released on July 2, 1982 on vinyl and audio cassette and re-released on March 3, 1995 on CD with a rearranged track listing.	0
Shakespeare’s plays have been translated into every major language.	1
He loves to work out, and does it at least once every day.	1
In God Emperor of Dune (1981), The God Emperor Leto II notes 3,500 years into his reign that "Shields are banned throughout the Empire" &mdash; and it is a capital offense to possess one &mdash; to avoid such explosive interactions.	0
The situation becomes complicated when Karen's brother Johnny (Neill Barry) shows interest in Lonnie and Lonnie begins to develop a crush on him.	0
He became the 45th President of the United States on 9th November 2016.	1
Oeversee, Düppeler Schanzen, Helgoland im deutsch-dänischen Krieg, Verlag Styria, Graz 1991, ISBN 3-222-12007-2	0
The following year he bettered this with a Gold medal and a world best-time in the under-23 Lightweight Men's Pair event with Christopher Bartley at Hazelwinkel (Belgium).	0
Jacob Oram of New Zealand made a hat-trick against Sri Lanka on 2 September 2009 in Colombo, And Tim Southee, also from New Zealand, made a hat-trick against Pakistan, and ended up with a 5-For at the end of the match.	0
However, the seigneurial system of land tenure continued to be applied uniformly throughout the province.	0
Transcendence means that God is eternal and infinite, not controlled by the created world and beyond human events.	0
A further £66 million was subsequently raised through investments, an eight-year programme of commercial partnerships, and proceeds from the exhibition, Diana: A Celebration, donated by Lord Spencer.	0
Tallahassee's terrain is hilly by Florida standards, being located at the southern end of the Red Hills Region, just above the Cody Scarp.	0
An Irishman, James Hoban, designed both of the White Houses in the United States.	1
Notice that "ta" is succeeded by "utun" which starts with a vowel.	0
There are three hydroelectric power stations in the river: (15 MW), (48 MW) and (27 MW).	0
Raichu has a hatch ratio of 50% female Raichus and 50% male Raichus.	1
It explores the development of snowboarding with interviews and archival footage with Todd Richards, Gigi Rüf, Terje Haakonsen, Jake Burton, Tom Sims, Stale Sandbech and Craig Kelly.	0
6 - Four Great Kings (catummaharajika deva) The world of the Four Great Kings includes the martial kings who guard the four quarters of the Earth.	0
60% of LinkedIn members have clicked one of their adverts.	1
During the 2011 Egyptian protests he announced his return to the country.	0
A group of sheep are known as a flock, herd or mob.	1
In Brussels, after having performed in the chorus of the Théâtre de la Monnaie, she made a tentative and unsuccessful attempt at performing in vaudeville.	0
It was first described in 1825 for an occurrence in the Espartinas Saltworks, Ciempozuelos, Madrid, Spain and was named for the French chemist, Louis Jacques Thénard (1777–1826).	0
First pair skaters to break the 80 mark in the short program.	0
The Clown Loach is very susceptible to fish diseases.	1
It serves more than 2.3 million Catholics in Cook and Lake counties in Northeastern Illinois, a geographic area of 1411 square miles.	0
Due to this, the lake plain becomes the floodplain to this river.	0
The Lotus stem is eaten almost in all parts of India, and pickled too.	1
The competition was very close with most teams having a chance of making the top 6 going into the final round.	0
While keeping bulls for breeding isn’t as common of a practice as it used to be on dairy farms, they are still often used in the beef industry.	0
While preparing a thesis on Immanuel Kant, he then joined the Résistance (1942).	0
Professor Brian Ashcroft of Strathclyde University also argues that the effects on the balance of payments would be "largely neutral".	0
Normally, aquarists prefer to buy tank-bred fish, but some Brazilian ichthyologists believe fishkeepers should continue to support the sustainable cardinal fishery of the Amazon basin, since thousands of people are employed in the region to capture fish for the aquarium trade.	0
Corpse Bride was created specifically for Helena Bonham-Carter.	1
According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 50 inhabitants.	0
Pulling an all-nighter and staying awake will give you symptoms similar to schizophrenia.	1
For a period of 16 years, the Statue of Liberty functioned as a lighthouse with light that could be seen from about 24 miles away.	1
It is believed that Melpathur Narayana Bhattathiri, Neelakanta Deekshithar and Kumaran Namboothiri were eminent scholars who patronized his court.	0
The authorities strove without success to control the political situation in the empire's Albanian-populated lands, arresting suspected nationalist activists.	0
Elachista eurychora (Meyrick, 1919) (type of Irenicodes)	0
Archived from the original on July 3, 2012.	0
Cows often have their ears pierced-with I.D.	0
The design evolved as the entrance was moved between the living room and main room; all the rooms in the house were joined by a central passageway, this layout was known as a gangabær.	0
In the 2000s the school expanded its site under Headmaster Andrew Trotman to include the new lower campus, formally the site of Queen Anne's, a state school that had been recently closed.	0
Facebook has a feature that lets you decide who will manage your account when you die!	1
There are only eight native fish species in the Colorado River that runs through the Grand Canyon.	1
Disqualified after hitting Brown with a steel chair	0
Has four dogs – Chip, Willy, Fina and Wallace.	1
Hip Hop Be Bob (Don't Stop) / Sucker DJ (Suckapella) on The Wild Bunch, CD (Strut)	0
The average human brain contains around 78% water	1
Many observers believe that the Harvard pyramid follows the results of nutrition studies published in peer-reviewed scientific journals more closely.	0
Another finding based on similar studies stated that a change was easily picked up on by participants when the eye was fixated on the point of change.	0
He had an excellent sense of humour and was always the life and soul of any party or other situation.	0
Adidas’s Tubular line of sneaker was actually inspired by car tires and the “tubular snake” originally was created to emulate tires and their threading.	1
Scientists figured out that for Santa to deliver all the world’s gifts on Christmas Eve he would need to visit 822 homes a second travelling 650 miles a second or 2340000 miles per hour (3765865 kph)	1
The flavors and "crust" texture developed by browning are generally seen as very desirable in the cooking of certain types of meat, such as a steak.	0
Bonne (d. 1432) married to Louis of Piedmont, the final of the Savoy-Archaea Branch; see also Thomas II of Savoy	0
The last successful bayonet charge until 2004. , 2004-06-13.	0
There were 9,128 housing units at an average density of 1,991.5/sq mi (769.5/km²).	0
The word Phuket actually means mountain jewel.	1
It is the capital of Sinop Province.	0
The municipality is divided into one parish (Guarenas).	0
The Ismenius Lacus quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program.	0
The slogan for Mounds, a U.S. coconut chocolate bar, was created during a contest of which the winner won a staggering $10.	1
Most male mammals still have nipples - except for mice, stallions and platypuses.	1
2012: Sydney, Australia - Theme: Imagine a world where technology helps solve the world's toughest problems.	0
In minor boundary changes in place for the 2010 general election, parts of the two civil parishes, Baston, and Langtoft forming much of the Truesdale ward, moved to neighbouring Grantham and Stamford.	0
Elvis Presley has seven songs, while The Beach Boys, Bob Dylan, Led Zeppelin, Bruce Springsteen, Stevie Wonder and Chuck Berry each have five.	0
Meanwhile a food inspector is determined to stop activities circumventing the food rationing.	0
In Paul Fouracre's account, however, both the extent and the importance of Martel's victories are said to have been greatly exaggerated by Paul the Deacon and the Continuations of Fredegar in which Martel came to be depicted as the progenitor of later Frankish success and the Franks as "God's people".	0
File:Common Leopard (Phalanta phalantha) in Anantgiri, AP W IMG 8781.jpg| at Ananthagiri Hills	0
2013–present: "Live for Now" – used for the 2013 Super Bowl Halftime show commercial featuring Beyonce	0
A 26 sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.	1
The text of the first movement paraphrases a verse from the First Epistle of John, "For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world" ( ).	0
Micheline Presle (Presenter: Best Foreign Language Film)	0
On April 2012 party changed its name to Reform party.	0
The team started with 11 riders, a mix of first-time professionals with Danish veterans Brian Holm and Jesper Skibby who had competed in the Tour de France several times, Skibby having won stage 5 in 1993.	0
Throughout the years, he has teamed up with many other characters, including Brock and Misty.	1
This Dedan is the ancestor of the Asshurim, the Letushim and the Leummim (Genesis 25:3).	0
The name for Monday comes from the Old English word “Mōnandæg,” and the Middle English “Monenday.” It is originally a translation of Latin “dies lunae” meaning “day of the Moon.”	1
Bump Day time trials - Sunday May 21	0
Janušek was sacked from the Ministry's top job for "granting lucrative contracts worth €98 million to two firms, Avocat and Zamedia, which are believed to have links to SNS chairman Ján Slota."	0
The penguin comes to stay at the house, pushing Gromit out of his comfortable bedroom and keeping him awake at night with loud music.	0
Rajanpur District ( ), is a district of Punjab province in Pakistan.	0
The Finnish metal band Sentenced used the frozen land of Pohjola as inspiration for the albums Journey to Pohjola and North from Here released in 1992 and 1993.	0
By February 1901, the Army had made application for the privilege of establishing on Navy docks movable cranes for handling coal and other stores, a saluting battery and a flag staff on the naval reservation, and an artesian well of its own.	0
Buddhism is considered to be ambivalent on the subject as a whole.	0
Outraged, Ofella began to canvass for the consulship on his own, gathering support.	0
Lou Marsh/Canadian Outstanding Athlete of the Year Award; co-winner, Wayne Gretzky (1983)	0
Fantastic's involvement with the Thor clone, and the repercussions of the Illuminati having exiled the Hulk into space.	0
Cheese products contain less than 51% cheese.	1
November 19 – Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov, conductor and composer (died 1935)	0
However, it does provide electronic access to most of the recent UN documents over the Internet in PDF form through search engines, such as UNBISnet, UN Pulse, UN-I-QUE:UN Info Quest and the Official Document System.	0
It lies on the Arkansas River in the High Plains region of the Great Plains.	0
A strange law that was never abolished is that all men over the age of 14 must carry out two hours of longbow practice per day.	1
Daniel Schell & Karo: If Windows They Have	0
Todd Brandt, radio personality with The Todd and Tyler Radio Empire	0
The program gained national acclaim again in 2011 when U.S. News named it among the best smaller Learning Communities.	0
Prince wrote Sinead O’Connor’s “Nothing Compares 2 U.”	1
Vivek Agrawal, is a National Award winning producer of the English feature film Land Gold Women (2011).	0
Boys Don’t Cry, which was The Cure’s second single, led to them supporting Siouxsie and the Banshees on their promotional UK tour.	1
As all conventional superconductors are strong phonon systems, all high-T c superconductors are strong spin-density wave systems, within close vicinity of a magnetic transition to, for example, an antiferromagnet.	0
John Merle Coulter held the following positions:	0
The Weekend Whip - used as the soundtrack for the Lego Ninjago "Masters of Spinjitzu" (2011)	0
Died: Prince Frederick of Prussia, 54, son of Crown Prince Wilhelm of Germany (drowned)	0
There is no sound in space	1
A total of 8,951 Iraqis came to Sweden in 2006, accounting for 45% of the entire Iraqi migration to Europe.	0
This was generally known among the German occupation officials in Belarus.	0
It has launched cloud computing services, offering product under its infrastructure as a server (Iaas) and software as a service (Saas) portfolio, which enables enterprises, mainly small and medium, a cost-effective IT infrastructure and application on pay-per-user model.	0
The Simpsons was named the best series of the entire twenty-first century by Time magazine in 1999.	1
In Texas, cougars are listed as nuisance wildlife and any person holding a hunting or a trapping permit can kill a cougar regardless of the season, number killed, sex or age of the animal.	0
On May 14, 1973, the 77-ton (70,000-kg) Skylab was launched into a 235-nautical-mile (435-km) orbit by a Saturn V vehicle (the last to be flown) with Skylab replacing the upper stage.	0
He is voiced by Family Guy creator, Seth Macfarlane.	1
In 1672, a Prime Minister was consumed by an angry Dutch mob.	1
916 &mdash; Sacramento County and the Sacramento suburbs in western Placer and El Dorado Counties.	0
Daniel Radcliffe has described himself as having an addictive personality, and has said that he almost developed an alcohol addiction in 2009.	1
27Orlando Chavarria Douglas Lamb Michael Lewis Ernest Meighan 2:42:38	0
Currently, 120 species are recognized, accounting for over half of the species in the family Typhlopidae.	0
When he was ten, he was attacked by a goat!	1
The central door leads into the courtyard where Borromini intended a curved arcade but this was not built.	0
One single seagull has been mooching food off of guests there for the last 20 years.	0
Since 2014, Russian and Chinese biologists collaborate in transboundary monitoring of the Amur leopard population.	0
The remark prompted criticism from the Commission for Racial Equality.	0
cold, recommencing its activity as the weather begins to moderate in March or	0
A further complication is that the population of the Eburones may have been made up of different components.	0
The oral preparations are formulated for the treatment of infections within the gastrointestinal tract, Clostridium difficile, for example.	0
In 1923, the University of Madras created the post of University Librarian to oversee their poorly organized collection.	0
He was drafted with the 51st overall pick in the 2010 NBA Draft by the Oklahoma City Thunder and was subsequently traded to the Indiana Pacers.	0
In 1916, he married Edith Mary Bratt.	1
The area is a colorful landscape, with luxurious vegetation, streams, cascades and hilly areas.	0
After these events, the General ran the country dictatorially, until senator Juan Barrundia took over on June 25, 1829.	0
Tales from the Great Book (4 issues)	0
Besides Elysian Fields, Charles has other projects.	0
One of the production artists who helped design Pandora within Avatar also worked on Game of Thrones, with their influence seen especially through the Vale of Arryn and the Eyrie.	1
The company must follow an array of new methods to manage the consequences of the change.	0
Increase your body’s levels of iodine by swimming in sea or ocean water.	1
Guest star (Episode: "Conventions of Space and Time")	0
The last recorded individual was a juvenile in 1974.	0
The stalls offer all manners of household goods, footwear, fashion items, and all varieties of food.	0
The original masts on the USS Constitution (Old Ironsides) were single trees but later they were laminated to better withstand cannonballs.	0
Some correspondents believed he would play a larger role, believing more than two judges would dissent.	0
Ljubav naša nek u srcu plamti,	0
They typically aggregate at the tent site throughout their larval stage, expanding the tent each day to accommodate their increasing size.	0
At this location it lies in an area that can be viewed during a favorable libration, although at such times the area is viewed from the side and not much detail can be seen.	0
Yuen hides out in the apartment of Yip, a bumbling taxi driver and single father of two.	0
There are two further text compositions, Ylem (1972) and Herbstmusik (1974), though they are not actually described as "intuitive music", and are considerably more detailed "scripts" for what amount to a large "statistical" structure (Ylem) and a theatre piece (Herbstmusik) with certain features of moment form (Kohl 1981, 232).	0
Kunal is also a massive fan of cricket.	1
Gasping for air in a high altitude environment, plus UV light reflecting off snow will cause the roof of your mouth to get sunburnt.	1
1.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.	0
Until the 1920s, television was also known as Hear-seeing, Seeing by Wireless, Optiphone, Farscope and the Electric Telescope.	1
During the match, DiBiase removed Rhodes's facial mask off of him.	0
In July 2004, Doohan announced that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in addition to his existing Parkinson's disease and diabetes, and would be withdrawing from public life.	0
Yoko tells Yumi that Rina was diving, got separated from her group, and drowned.	0
Alexander Porter Butterfield (born April 6, 1926) is a retired U.S. military officer, public servant, and businessman.	0
Spain's largest source of income is from tourism	1
Brian attended Brown University in Rhode Island, however he failed to graduate.	1
2000 - The Kunsthaus, Graz (with Colin Fournier)	0
'lonely Planet' for travelers is based in Melbourne Australia	1
Taj Mahal Travellers, Japanese experimental music group	0
The years after the 1979 revolution emerged Islamic Republic approved stars like Parviz Meshkatian, Kayhan Kalhor, Mohammad Reza Lotfi, Hossein Alizadeh, Dariush Talai, Mohammad-Reza Shajarian, and Shahram Nazeri.	0
Some crows in a Japanese city drop nuts onto a road so that cars will break them by driving over them, and then swoop down to collect their broken nuts.	1
Tom Daley is good friends with One Direction’s Liam Payne.	1
This was later mocked by The Daily Show host Jon Stewart, saying "actor Dean Cain is right.	0
The number 26 only appears once in the entire bible.	1
It was often used for numbers where casual gameplay would not cause anyone to exceed the number.	0
Tom Parker did a poo in a plastic bag – he then chased the rest of The Wanted around with it after.	1
In accordance with custom, the unanticipated vacancy in the office of viceroy was filled with the oldest and highest-ranking military officer in the colony, Marshall Pedro de Garibay, an octogenarian controlled by the Audiencia.	0
If Neil needs to calm down before a show, he does a set of deep-breathing exercises to cool down, and then drinks a can of Red Bull to get pumped back up.	1
Gish herself was more complacent, remarking that it saved her the trouble of "losing to Cher."	0
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on a Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.	1
As mentioned above, it can be encoded in EUC-JP, which is commonly used in Unix/Linux systems, and it is here that most implementations have occurred:	0
The Eruption was the tallest attraction in Oklahoma with towers reaching .	0
A hummingbird's heart beats at over a 1,000 times a minute	1
He won the Silver Medal in Team Time Trial in the 1992 Summer Olympics	0
Sanatoria in some temples provided a place for the sick to await healing dreams sent by the god.	0
The band gets ready for the performance, although Scott and Jason are worried about playing to "five tourists and ten people holding up Skid Row album covers."	0
The world record for the most naked people on a rollercoaster is 102.	1
That in developed countries 27% of food is thrown away	1
Tristan’s celebrity crush is Iggy Azalea.	1
The steeple, which can be seen from miles around, was used as a triangulation point when creating the map of France.On the 15th March 1905, lightning struck the steeple.	0
She is a talented saxophone player.	1
According to the semi-canonical spin-off game (2005), after Kitana (voiced by Lita Lopez) was found no longer loyal to Kahn, she is put into a spell-induced trance and forced to fight the Earthrealm heroes anyway (along with Mileena and Jade), before being freed from this state by the Shaolin warrior monks Liu Kang and Kung Lao.	0
The distillery was founded in 1964.	0
It would seem then that the Ordo de Poenitentia did not exclude convents of enclosed nuns from its ranks, and this was due probably to St. Dominic himself.	0
Its members come from both public and private sectors alongside representatives from the Omagh Churches Forum and members of the victims' families.	0
As of 2018, there have been over 45 billion photos shared on this platform.	1
Miles D. White, Chairman and CEO, Abbott Labs	0
Similarly, brown is sometimes associated with Nazism, going back to the Nazi Party's tan-uniformed storm troopers.	0
That card can then be booted on the Raspberry Pi and a choice of six operating systems is presented for installation on the card.	0
When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (such as a heart attack), the fetus sends stem cells to the damaged organ to help repair it.	1
She had a lead role in musical Don Juan against the male lead role played by Jean-François Breau.	0
Tesla had a good sense of style, was often very clean cut and polished, possibly due to the fact that he was a hygiene freak and germaphobic.	1
The human heart beats around 100,000 times every single day.	1
The name Celsius is a latinization of the estate's name (Latin celsus "mound").	0
He was assistant editor of the Political Science Quarterly in 1902-06, and editor from 1917 of the New Republic in New York City.	0
Public opinion and, even more important, the sympathies of the civilian political elite, moved perceptibly against Phibun's alliance with Japan.	0
Image:2012 08 02 02 Re 6 6 11602.JPG|The first two prototypes 11601 and 11602 were built with joints in the body	0
Ever since people started using cattle in Prehistoric times, cattle have been seen as a sign of wealth.	1
The battle was unusually long for a medieval fight, lasting from 9 A.M. until dusk.	1
Two years later the project was revived in a modified form; and bill passed both houses and received the royal assent on 27 April 1696.	0
The armhole in clothing is called an armsaye.	1
As part of Eucharist (or communion), Jesus took the bread that was on the table, broke it in half (or close to half) and told his disciples to take it and eat it.	1
Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen in your body.	1
X-23 makes a minor appearance in the artwork of Wolverine's table in Marvel Pinball in Pinball FX 2.	0
The book is no ordinary volume; it is a linking book, which serves as a portal to the world it describes.	0
Scope is a search engine of Dash.	0
Lestrade's absence was explained as having gone to the Leamington Baths on vacation, and Holmes fumes that he hopes his wife was with him.	0
Chubby girls in Japan are called 'marshmallows'.	1
The police force was an unpopular career because of poor pay, conditions, and prestige and thus did not attract high-quality personnel.	0
His family’s name was originally Drumpf or Drumpft but changed to Trump when the Thirty Years’ War occurred in the 1600s.	1
September 16 - Tarragona-Reus line in Spain opens.	0
Cows have almost total 360 degree panoramic vision and are able to see colors, except red.	1
They were originally described as "energy balls" and aimed at slimming women.	0
Beyoncé’s daughter, Blue Ivy, is the youngest ever person to appear on a Billboard chart when ‘Glory’, a song released by husband Jay-Z that featured her cries at the end, debuted on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.	1
Drug Enforcement Agency, Liberian equivalent to the Drug Enforcement Administration	0
Activity patterns within the community range vary by gender and season.	0
The title song was filmed in several picturesque locations in Scotland over a ten-day period.	0
In the UK, a blue ribbon can be the symbol of testicular cancer awareness.	1
Traditional Caymanian home at East End, Grand Cayman	0
Butterflies have long tongues that are shaped like tubes that gives them the ability to soak up food instead of sipping it.	1
In 2007 he released Maggots, which was drawn ten years previously but had never been released.	0
"Si tu dois partir" (Bob Dylan) – 2:25	0
The band is made up of two cellists, song-writer and vocalist Melora Creager, second chair Daniel DeJesus and drummer Dawn Miceli.	0
Gmina Turośl is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	0
The Ziggy Stardust: The Motion Picture was Bowie’s last tour at the Hammersmith Odeon in 1973.	1
Exeggcute can be found in the Dream World in Pleasant Forest.	1
The Case Against the New Deal (1940) Harper & Bros., New York	0
Rolf Furuli, a Jehovah's Witness and a lecturer in Semitic languages, presents a study of 607 BC in support of the Witnesses' conclusions in Assyrian, Babylonian, Egyptian, and Persian Chronology Compared with the Chronology of the Bible, Volume 1: Persian Chronology and the Length of the Babylonian Exile of the Jews.	0
Edging the fur seal rookeries, the two species cohabit easily.	0
Philles 12512/64 Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)Greenwich, Barry, SpectorDarlene Love2:45	0
It also aided the United States in disclosing the Watergate scandal and the resignation of Richard Nixon in 1974.	0
Macmillan Academy also has a sixth form.	0
The Encyclopedia of Jewish Life and Thought.	0
Lead singer Thom Yorke did vocals lying down while intoxicated.	0
The influence of Japanese comics and animation	0
A line branching off the Filyovskaya is in operation (as of July 2009), starting from the Alexsandrovsky Sad Station and continuing on the Filyovskaya Line to Kiyevskaya Station, where it departs to stop at the (new) Vystavochnaya and Mezhdunarodnaya Stations.	0
Zayn said his perfect day would be relaxing at home with his family.	1
Six Re.2000 Cat.s were still available at the time of the Armistice and four were in service aboard the battleships Littorio, Roma and Italia (the normal load was only one, the battleship had up to three aircraft, but smaller than the Re.2000).	0
The northern common cuscus (Phalanger orientalis), also known as the grey cuscus, is a species of marsupial in the Phalangeridae family native to northern New Guinea and adjacent smaller islands, but is now also found in the Bismarck Archipelago, south-east and central Moluccas, the Solomons and Timor, where it is believed to have been introduced in prehistoric times.	0
An early pioneer in experimenting with many different types of speech balloons and lettering for different types of speech was Walt Kelly, in his Pogo strip.	0
China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.	1
She made her movie debut as an assassin Georgia Sykes in the 2006 movie ‘Smockin’ Aces‘ along with Common, the famous rapper.	1
However, during the release of its twelfth expansion pack—Novasphere Pioneers, thirty thousand Japanese gamers who are all logged on at the time of the update, suddenly find themselves transported inside the game world and donning their in-game avatars.	0
An early setback to Labour came in the form of the "War of Jennifer&apos;s Ear" controversy, which questioned the truthfulness of a Labour party election broadcast concerning National Health Service (NHS) waiting lists.	0
The battle took place on the same day as the Battle of Pułtusk.	0
Due to unprecedented Iranian military support to Hezbollah before and during the war, some consider it the first round of the Iran–Israel proxy conflict, rather than a continuation of the Arab-Israeli conflict.	0
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Marvel's superhero Daredevil were spawned from the same toxic waste spill.	1
As of 2015, he has a net worth of $5 million.	1
Given these considerations, many experts believe that CLOS missiles are not as ideally suited for untrained personnel use as are IR missiles, which sometimes are referred to as "fire and forget" missiles.	0
The most prolific mathematician of the 20th Century, Paul Erdos, used amphetamine to fuel 20-hour number benders.	1
They came 7th overall with 89 points	0
Dworkin is famous for his theory of law as integrity and legal interpretivism.	0
The local marshal, John Harding, is just one of many men on Taylor's payroll.	0
His mother is a real state business person and landlord.	1
Due to paralytics administered, if you wake up during surgery, you probably wouldn’t be able to tell anyone.	1
"This information he promulgated through the country in the course of his journey.	0
He gained attention for his role in Childhood’s End in 1996.	1
Arias by Verdi & Donizetti - Arias from Luisa Miller, I due Foscari, Un ballo in maschera, Macbeth, Lucia di Lammermoor, Il duca d’Alba, La favorita and Don Sebastiano (with the Wiener Opernorchester under Edward Downes, 1968).	0
He was raised Amish in Centreville, Michigan, and graduated from Centreville High School in 1987.	0
He was born Saul Kaplan in Brooklyn, New York.	0
According to the 1911 census made by the Diocese of Calbayog, the parish of Sogod had a total population of 9,597 baptized Catholics.	0
The heaviest pumpkin on record was in October of 2012 – it weighed 2009 pounds!	1
Keys collaborated with rapper Kendrick Lamar, producer Pharrell Williams and film composer Hans Zimmer for the song ‘It’s On Again‘ that served as the soundtrack for the 2014 movie ‘The Amazing Spider-Man 2‘.	1
The land was plowed by teams of oxen pulling light unwheeled plows and grain was harvested with sickle.	0
There are more plastic flamingos in the USA than real real ones!	1
04.DH.20 Note: might be a variety of roméite group.	0
A Biography at David Nash Ford's Royal Berkshire History	0
Thus far in his term the office of speaker has fallen vacant twice, during which time Deireragea became Acting Speaker.	0
growth weaning rate continues in the feedlot, meaning Brangus are ready for slaughter earlier and at less cost.	0
Shakespeare was also an actor and he would perform in many of his own plays as well as in works from other playwrights.	1
West Chester, The Nafziger Collection, 2002, (179 p.)	0
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names, with over 40 in English alone.	1
File:Harry Rubens Estate stables.jpg |Harry Rubens Estate stables, Glencoe, Illinois, 1903, demolished.	0
They can communicate to other crows if they perceive a particular human is dangerous.	1
The little finger or toe is called the minimus.	1
Brennus, Enemy of Rome (1963): "Marcus Furius Camillus"	0
Doduo have brown necks if they are female and males have black necks.	1
In 1975, Manzanera booked a studio for 26 days to record his album Diamond Head and got Quiet Sun together again to record an album from their old composed material in the studio at the same time.	0
...fraud and corruption prevent a fair and proper expression of the public voice; that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring, caused by mobs, parties, factions and undue influence of political sects; that the citizen has not that protection of person and property which he is entitled.	0
Each day on Neptune lasts for around 16 hours, 6 minuets and 36 seconds.	1
The average human menstrual cycle in women is 28 days.	1
The Shortfin Mako shark is the fastest shark in the world.	1
The Three Prisoners problem appeared in Martin Gardner's "Mathematical Games" column in Scientific American in 1959.	0
Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.	1
In the movie Terminator, the lines of computer code that scrolled by his heads up display were Apple II source code.	1
[23] They are equally adept surviving in some of the world's most humid rainforests and even semi-arid desert edges.	0
Typically, established academics will give presentations on advanced topics in a field to postgraduate students.	0
Bronze sculptures, although known for their longevity, still undergo microbial degradation; such as from certain species of yeasts.	0
Ouaknin holds a doctorate in philosophy and is the Director of the Centre De Recherches Et D’études Juives in Paris.	0
This recommendation was part of a larger recommendation to re-engineer and streamline the command and control structure of the Army Reserves that would create the Northwest Regional Readiness Command at Fort McCoy, Wisconsin.	0
60551, registered AX 201, was the car that was originally given the name "Silver Ghost."	0
Asians came from China, the Philippines, Japan, and Korea.	0
His fame spread to all parts of the Orient, and he came to be looked upon as a rabbinical authority of the highest eminence; even the Muslim population frequently called upon him to decide judicial cases.	0
It went to #27 on the Australian ARIA Chart.	0
Matt Groening based Bart Simpson’s character on comic book character Dennis the Menace.	1
Seryi Volk &amp; Krasnaya Shapochka (1990)	0
The population was 312 at the 2010 census.	0
The piece is in five movements, all of which have descriptive subtitles:	0
At playtime at school, children would crowd around Herbert to listen to his stories.	1
1865 - President Abraham Lincoln signs the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.	0
2 #13-18, 144 pages, Marvel Comics, March 2010, hardcover, ISBN 0-7851-4311-4, softcover, ISBN 0-7851-4040-9)	0
In the wild, they will often fight each other over mating rights and their herds of cows and will use their horns to gore each other.	0
The Wanted was 4th in the UK charts.	1
At a summit meeting in December 1981, the leaders of the UDEAC agreed in principle to form a wider economic community of Central African states.	0
Stagecoach Group plc ( ) is an international transport group operating buses, trains, trams, express coaches and ferries.	0
Large-scale Atomic/Molecular Massively Parallel Simulator (LAMMPS) is a molecular dynamics code that simulates particles across a range of scales, from quantum to relativistic, to improve materials science with potential applications in semi-conductor, biomolecule and polymer development.	0
Giampiero Ventura (born 14 January 1948) is an Italian football manager and the current manager of Torino.	0
Orozco Linares, Fernando, Gobernantes de México.	0
Acorns are poisonous to humans (if eaten it can cause damage to your kidneys)	1
A greedy algorithm is an algorithm that follows the problem solving heuristic of making the locally optimal choice at each stage with the hope of finding a global optimum.	0
Grand Cayman began a major rebuilding process and within two years, its infrastructure was nearly returned to pre-hurricane status.	1
Their first book called One Direction: Forever Young (Our Official X Factor Story) reached the number one spot on the Sunday Times Best-seller list.	1
Her main nicknames are Gagaloo, Loopy, Mother Monster, Rabbit Teeth and Little Mermaid.	1
It was at the site of a former sports facility on what was then the western edge of town.	0
Kay Granger, U.S. Congresswoman from Texas&apos;s 12th congressional district	0
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves.	1
Conversely, 5% of the samples may be bursting above this rate.	0
In 1974, Hillary Clinton served as a member of the impeachment inquiry staff during Nixon’s impeachment proceedings.	1
After an application process Anouk Van Dijk was announced as the new artistic director, starting her new role in 2012.	0
Dudley's charter arrived in Boston in May 14, 1686, and he formally took charge of Massachusetts on May 25.	0
For communes with a population greater than 10,000 inhabitants, a sample survey is conducted annually, the entire territory of these communes is taken into account at the end of the period of five years.	0
If chickens listen to classical music, they can lay bigger and heavier eggs.	1
A Strange Tales miniseries featuring Man-Thing and Werewolf by Night was published in 1998 to tie up plotlines after their individual series had been canceled.	0
A humming bird flaps its wings up to 90 times a second (5,400 times a minute)	1
White, rosé and red wines are produced on vineyards covering in 19 communes of Auvergne.	0
They can be successfully kept with other small, peaceful aquarium fish like livebearers, danios and tetras.	0
His feast day is celebrated on October 27.	0
According to the Chinese Calendar, he was born in the Year of the Monkey.	1
Berlin; London : Springer, 143–172.	0
Its second principle was to engage in a single region at a time until the conquest had been accomplished.	0
For 12 Type Ia supernovae observed within 10 days of the explosion, the satellite's UVOT (Ultraviolet/Optical Telescope) showed no ultraviolet radiation originating from the heated companion star's surface hit by the supernova shock wave, meaning there were no red giants or larger stars orbiting those supernova progenitors.	0
Stability is much influence by seat height as the rower makes up a big percentage of the total weight.	0
Given its long history of demolition it was thought a simpler style was best suited for the reconstruction of the temple rather than anything heavily ornate.	0
The Woodland Arts Fair, almost four decades old, is held in mid-August by The Lexington Art League.	0
Tony Schiavone, Mike Tenay and Stevie Ray	0
She was born in Los Angeles, California.	1
The average person in France sleeps 8.83 hours per day, the most in the developed world.	1
This requires perhaps 2-3% of the landing weight for the rotor.	0
At the beginning of the sixteenth century, the King Manuel I of Portugal granted the charter, which provided the rent to be paid to the donee Reguengos of Maia, and regulated how to carry out punishments and courts.	0
There are 12 inches in a foot.	1
Homer is prone to emotional outbursts; he is very envious of his neighbours – especially the Flanders family, and is easily enraged by Bart and strangles him frequently.	1
Koldo Gil Pérez (born 16 January 1978 in Burlata, Navarra) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist, currently riding for the UCI Continental team Liberty Seguros Continental.	0
As they were Genevan nationals, the Thellusson kept ownership of the hotel during the Revolution, but they returned to it only in 1797.	0
According to Calum, Michael used to hate Luke Hemmings.	1
Golduck is one of the few Pokémon that is obtainable in every game, including expansion games and remakes.	1
Sun appears half the size on Mars as what it does on Earth!	1
Do Thi Hai Yen as Phuong	0
In essence, what is desired in Gongfu Cha is a brew that tastes good and is satisfying to the soul.	0
Still, he is determined to succeed by imagining he is a black basketball player.	0
Father Christmas is a figure associated with Christmas-time.	1
Campbell detailed her community service experience in a W feature titled "The Naomi Diaries", in which she wrote, "I keep on sweeping.	0
Backpack Kid even has his own website where you can buy official t-shirts &amp; hoodies.	1
Baleen whales have two blowholes, whereas the toothed whales have only one.	1
Despite the Green power ring’s seemingly limitless power, the most recent incarnation of the Green Lantern, Simon Baz, wields a handgun.	1
Producing milk has been part of farming for a long time.	0
The Yogyakarta Kraton subsequently confirmed his death.	0
McGovern goes on to say the manual cost of enrolling in benefits was found to be USD109.48 per enrollment.	0
Tajiri defeated Billy Kidman – SmackDown!, January 20 (aired January 22)	0
The typical Spanish academic dress has Latin origin.	0
In the Season 26 finale of The Simpsons, Rick and Morty featured in the episode’s opening couch-gag.	1
A bowling pin will fall at a tilt of 7.5 degrees	1
His system is based on Immanuel Kant's, as his chosen term "néo-criticisme" indicates; but it is a transformation rather than a continuation of Kantianism.	0
He then forces a naked Reese off the balcony and watches him plunge to his death.	0
Due to Flappy Bird’s huge success, many similar games (like Ironpants) are being released that feature nothing but a punishing difficulty level and extremely simplistic gameplay.	1
Students that have been exposed to the brain parasite (toxoplasma gondii) spread by cats are 1.7 times more likely to be studying business - specifically entrepreneurship and leadership.	1
Feeding red peppers to yellow canaries turns them orange.	1
'babe' was played by over 50 pigs	1
In 2010, CAC took on the mission of the Centre pour l’Image Contemporaine (CIC), established in Geneva in 1985.	0
On average you blink 25,000 a day	1
Radautz (1792) of Austria (present day Romania)	0
He grew up in Tórshavn and moved to Denmark in 1973 to attend a Danish gymnasium (a preparatory high school), he graduated from there three years later and moved back to the Faroe Islands in 1976, where he worked various jobs, i.e.	0
He is a fan of the television show Family Guy.	1
Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn (1745–1790), fourth son of Frederick, Prince of Wales, died without issue.	0
In December 1999, Bad Boy released Born Again.	0
Miguel Ángel SoláSé quién eresSé quién eres	0
"Self-esteem and self-regulation: Toward optimal studies of self-esteem."	0
When he approached his deathbed, he asked for a pauper’s funeral.	1
Rox's single 'My Baby Left Me' has been used in the 2013 movie Girl Most Likely as background music for the 'sex-scene' between Kristen Wiig and Darren Criss.	0
2012 - acquisition of BioReliance, a provider of "biologic, specialized toxicology and animal health testing services".	0
( p. 66) She also appears when Baldissera goes to Sulmona, where a revolution has started against their own Impresario.	0
The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber was created by paring together the sound of an idle film projector and the buzz from an old TV set.	1
Retrieved 14 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
By August 1852 there were less than 100 gold diggers and the police presence was reduced to two troopers.	0
After studying in Moscow, Gaziza Zhubanova became the first woman classical composer in Kazakhstan, whose compositions reflect Kazakh history and folklore.	0
Although the number of projection methods increased at a reasonable rate, a few well-known sorts, like the stereographic and orthographic equatorial projections and the projections of Lambert, Flamsteed and Mercator, remained the most popular.	0
The Mariner 9 was able to map out the Martian surface 100% and took the first close up photos of Mars’ moons Phobos and Deimos.	1
Winslow played for the Missouri Tigers, and was a two-time all-conference selection in the Big Eight and a consensus All-American in 1978.	0
As mentioned in many episodes, Brian has a massive crush on Peters wife, Lois.	1
Enrique Granados: Enrique: Danzas Españolas nos 6 & 11.	0
Lani rescues Cody and takes him to her uncle, the "Geek" (Jeff Bridges), to help Cody recover from his injuries.	0
Patch's great grandfather, Hans Truval Christsen, a Danish immigrant from Copenhagen and his son Frederick Christsen had an employment policy of employing staff from the Salvation Army faith in the rum bottling process as they were less likely to be tempted to sample the spirit.	0
However post-2004, following an electoral representation review, the decision was made to keep the seven councillors, but abolish the wards, as the review concluded that the geography and natural features of Warrnambool didn't support the retention of equal wards, and that the City of Warrnambool as a whole was a single community of interest.	0
The difference between the two appears more semantic than actual—the latter accept that the rulers must be accounted in all aspects of ruling, to ensure affairs are managed in the best possible way whether decisions were taken through consultation or not.	0
In healthy humans, CLA and the related conjugated linolenic acid (CLNA) isomers are bioconverted from linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid, respectively, mainly by Bifidobacterium bacteria strains inhabiting the gastrointestinal tract.	0
Ever since the construction of the Santa Eulalia cathedral, 13 geese have lived there in memory of their co-patron saint young Eulalia killed by the romans in 303AD, one goose for each year of his life.	1
2009 : Alain Bashung - Bleu pétrole tour	0
Her parents have amassed an enormous fortune and enterprise there.	0
Salvador Dalí's moustache was found intact in the "10 past 10" position he liked, after his body was exhumed.	1
A leopard is seen at the Kabini Wildlife Sanctuary, Karnataka.	1
In the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland, the single came out in June, 2011, after the growing popularity of Inna's debut album.	0
Nunenmacher currently resides in Mississippi with his wife and son and has taken up a career change in logistics with a Fortune 500 3rd Party Logistics company.	0
Sigma Star Saga - GBA (2005)	0
Frogs don't usually swallow water (they absorb most of the moisture they need through their skin)	1
Diamonds mined in Brazil are much harder than those found in Africa	1
On March 14, 2007, the greatest hits album and DVD Pandora was released.	0
Lack of sleep may shrink your brain.	1
5 tons of chocolate is enough to make 28,000 Terry’s Chocolate Oranges.	1
Monasteries vary from the very large to the very small.	0
Creation of the region in the Kingdom of Italy (1918-1943)	0
The majority 90% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 6% receives their livelihood from raising livestock.	0
The World Bank – the world’s largest development organization, follows Ariana Grande on Twitter!	1
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Sex, Lies and Videotape (Issue 296, February 2014)	0
Turkish Super League: 1958-67, 1968–72, 1995-2005	0
French fries came from Belgium, but are most popular in the US.	1
The song was written, composed, and co-produced by Jackson, and produced by Quincy Jones.	0
Although Lange won the Golden Globe for Best Acting Debut in a Motion Picture - Female for Kong, she did not appear in another film for three years and spent that time training intensively in acting.	0
Régiment de Marche du 6e Tirailleurs from August to September 1914, which became 1er Régiment de Marche de Tirailleurs	0
On 16 March 2007, Blair featured in a comedy sketch with Catherine Tate, who appeared in the guise of her character Lauren Cooper from The Catherine Tate Show.	0
Historical sites in Grand Cayman, such as Pedro St James Castle in Savannah, also attract visitors.	1
Regarding his personal life, the player has said that he is a fan of Real Mallorca and Real Madrid.	1
In 2010 Sony Ericsson’s LiveView watch was released, the device linked to Android phones to show and control things like the Twitter feeds, texts and media player.	1
October 4th is actually the National Cinnamon Roll day in Sweden.	1
In the English language there is more than 40 words for the Cougar.	1
Despite this, it was announced that Visceral had no plans for a sequel.	0
The fastest spinning man-made object is a flake of exotic carbon at a speed of 60 million rotations per minute.	1
In 1970, American supermarkets created a Mexican food section in their stores for the very first time, due to the influence of Old El Paso and other Mexican food products.	0
Viruses are important to the study of molecular and cell biology as they provide simple systems that can be used to manipulate and investigate the functions of cells.	0
In Australia, New Zealand, Canada and UK, Boxing Day is the heaviest shopping day of the year.	1
Sivakasi is served by town bus service, which provides connectivity within the town and the suburbs.	0
The film's release in all English-speaking territories is handled by The Weinstein Company.	0
In 1995–96, he netted 17 goals in 31 games as the team finished in fourth position (third after the second stage), also appearing in the season's Croatian Cup final.	0
Mars gets its name from the Roman god of war of the same name!	1
Futurama was created by Matt Groening (the man behind The Simpsons).	1
Bill Gates began programming computers at the of age 13	1
The Swans' continued period of success, in which it has missed the finals only three times since 1995, has led to some criticism about a salary cap concession which the club receives; the concession is in the form of an additional Cost of Living Allowance (COLA), due to the higher cost of living in Sydney compared with any other Australian city.	0
Roger Olav Stalheim, Norwegian Glima Champion 2009 and 2010.	0
The obligatory lower secondary school program lasts for six years and there were 13 students in those schools.	0
Franklin D. Roosevelt: FDR was the only president ever elected to 4 terms.	1
effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans (see also Hurricane Katrina effects by region)	0
William Duffin, who has become an anti-French activist, devises a scheme with government politicians to stop Lantagnac.	0
When they played their first prank, they turned the website upside down and Rick Rolled everyone.	1
Metals recovered from ash would typically be difficult or impossible to recycle through conventional means, as the removal of attached combustible material through incineration provides an alternative to labor- or energy-intensive mechanical separation methods.	0
In the 1971–72 European Cup, Heynckes scored twice in an extraordinary 7–1 win against Italian champions Internazionale.	0
Santa Claus flying in the sleigh was an image dreamt up by the same man who created the headless-horseman, the image was made in 1819.	1
In his pre-priest days, Pope Francis used to enjoy dancing the tango with his then-girlfriend.	1
For health reasons, he stepped down from command on 16 January 1943.	0
The Welsh village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is the second longest place name in the world meaning: St Mary’s church in the hollow of the white hazel near to the rapid whirlpool of Llantysilio of the red cave.	1
The Jin dynasty was established in 265 (after conquering Shu Han) by the noble Sima family that had once served the state of Cao Wei, and conquered the kingdom of Eastern Wu in 280, thus ending the Three Kingdoms era.	0
The longest lion on record (from head to tail) was 12ft long.	1
The Beatles tried to make a film of Lord of the Rings starring themselves, but Tolkien wasn’t keen on the idea and it was put to a speedy end.	1
Zebras have only one toe on each foot.	1
Six Flags Over Texas is owned by a group of approximately 120 limited partners—some the heirs of Angus G. Wynne.	0
Despite this, the console was still sold up until 2007 in parts of Japan.	1
Trachylepis maculilabris - speckle-lipped skink, speckle-lipped mabuya	0
Part VII, Chapter 2 of the Constitution (articles 176 through 191) deals with the powers, composition, rules, and responsibilities of the Supreme Court.	0
Yosemite officially became the United States third national park in 1890.	1
Doriopsilla elitae Valdés & Hamann, 2008	0
According to series creator Ron Gilbert, Schafer and fellow writer-programmer Dave Grossman were responsible for about two thirds of the game's dialogue.	0
Joe tells Sarah a story of how he was desperate for a drink one day and what transpired.	0
When adopting the Convention, provision was made for a procedure to identify additional POPs and the criteria to be considered in doing so.	0
Tony scored the winning try in the 1990 Five Nations match against England to seal Scotland's third Grand Slam.	0
Henri, vicomte de Bornier (25 December 1825 in Lunel – January 1901 in Paris) was a French poet and dramatist.	0
Whitney died on 11th February 2012 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles.	1
Marianne later admitted that she was having a sexual relationship with the lodger, Frank Pearless, and that she used paranormal explanations to cover up her liaisons.	0
The weapons used by American soldiers were inferior to what British soldiers used.	1
The American Radio Industry and Its Latin American Activities, 1900-1939 (University of Illinois Press, 1990).	0
The Mayor apologized for the suggestion that people Uptown (a mixed neighborhood) were racist, noting the importance of that section of town in the city's recovery.	0
1984Something About AmeliaSteven BennettTelevision movie Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film Nominated—Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie	0
Vladimir Baranovsky (Russia), Deputy Director, IMEMO (Institute of World Economy and International Relations)	0
List of mountains in New Brunswick	0
There are several people and places with this name.	0
nuclear chain cell of muscle spindle	0
The spots on leopards are known as rosettes because they look so much like black roses.	1
A skunk will not bite and throw its scent at the same time.	1
Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison, a CIA intelligence officer assigned to the Counterterrorism Center.	0
Novelist Robert Stone, who met the bus on its arrival in New York, has written (in his memoir ) that those accompanying Kesey on the trip were Neal Cassady (described by Stone as "the world's greatest driver, who could roll a joint while backing a 1937 Packard onto the lip of the Grand Canyon"), Ken Babbs ("fresh from the Nam, full of radio nomenclature, and with a command voice that put cops to flight"), Jane Burton ("a pregnant young philosophy professor who declined no challenges"), Page Browning ("a Hell's Angel candidate"), George Walker, Sandy Lehmann-Haupt ("dis-MOUNT"), Mike Hagen ("Mal Function"), Ron Bevirt ("Hassler"), Chuck Kesey, Dale Kesey, John Babbs, Steve Lambrecht and Paula Sundstren ("aka Gretchin Fetchin, Slime Queen").	0
He succeeded his brother, Simon II, who had already given him the county of Bitche in 1176 and had recognised him over the northern, germanophone half of Lorraine by the Treaty of Ribemont of 1179.	0
The Irish bouzouki has also become integrated into some other western European musical traditions over the past forty years.	0
Bruins Classics, shows old Boston Bruins games condensed to fit a one-hour time slot.	0
The rear suspension was a modified Chapman strut, as used for Chapman's earlier Formula racing car designs.	0
Holy water is water that has been blessed by a member of a clergy or religious figure.	0
During World War II, and prior to Bodyguard, the Allies made extensive use of deception – developing many new techniques and theories.	0
impact on the ground, and their tracks may be virtually invisible on packed	0
The Great Drummers of R&B Funk & Soul.	0
This ferry service operates to other islands including the Gulf Islands and the Queen Charlotte Islands.	0
The EP was reviewed by Bec Rodwell from eFestivals who listed "Closer Now" as the best song of the record.	0
Sabbath crosses: tribute to Black Sabbath	0
He also fought in the St. James&apos;s Day Battle where his uncle was killed.	0
In 1961 he went to Warsaw in Poland to study theatre direction at the State Theatre School, but left one year later to join Jerzy Grotowski, who at that time was the leader of Teatr 13 Rzedow in Opole.	0
Retrieved 1 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
Within Catholicism in recent times, an encyclical is generally used for significant issues, and is second in importance only to the highest ranking document now issued by popes, an Apostolic Constitution.	0
The per capita income for the city was $13,657.	0
The entire population of France celebrated his eightieth birthday.	1
9 volt batteries are rectangular because the casing contains 6 smaller, cylindrical 1.5v batteries (arranged in 2 rows of 3).	1
Male cats are called toms and females are called queens or mollies.	1
January 7, 1946 witness former SS-Obergruppenführer Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski, admits to organized mass murder of Jews and other groups in the Soviet Union	0
The model of computation of Java bytecode is that of a stack-oriented programming language.	0
The vinyl edition of the record saw a repressing from Record Collection on December 11, 2012.	0
2889 was approved, finally renaming the town after one of its most famous son, General Mariano Trías y Closas.	0
von Kleist, Heinrich Robert Guiskard, Herzog der Normänner, student edition (Stuttgart, 2011).	0
removal of the President from office.	0
Inside jokes in the film include invocations of director Sam Peckinpah: his name on a tombstone, the villains being known as "the Wild Bunch", and use of the duster coats which Peckinpah vigorously espoused on screen.	0
He was a forward before retirement due to injury.	0
Gerald Ford: Although he loved golf, spectators had to watch out because of his wild shots.	1
The 1920s saw a number of 150th anniversaries connected with the American Revolutionary War, and a number of stamps were issued in connection with those.	0
In 2008, Trammell became a household name as regular Sam Merlotte in True Blood.	1
2006Comfort to the Enemy Published serially in New York Times ISBN 0-061-73515-9	0
Lions in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year	1
After further improvements, including incorporating expertise gained from the Type 90 such as the modular armor design, this version was accepted by the PLA in 1996, and entered service in 1997 as the Type 96.	0
In Southern Jutlandic, Scandinavian post-vocalic p, k become word-finally, whereas Standard Danish has b, g, e.g.	0
It can reach up to 62 miles per hour in five seconds.	1
The UW–Madison Libraries website provides access to resources licensed for use by those affiliated with UW–Madison, in addition to those openly available on the World Wide Web.	0
At this time the county of Delmenhorst formed part of the dominions of the counts of Oldenburg, but afterwards it was on several occasions separated from them to form an appanage for younger branches of the family, namely in 1262-447, 1463-547, and 1577-617.	0
There were 19 households out of which 52.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were married couples living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families.	0
A line (referred to as a purse-line) passes through all the rings, and when pulled, draws the rings close to one another, preventing the fish from "sounding", or swimming down to escape the net.	0
Thury = Series-connected generators as designed by René Thury	0
The turkey is one of the most famous birds in North America.	1
On 20 January 1959, Pope John summoned Cardinal Tardini to float the idea of an Ecumenical Council.	0
It takes 8 minutes 17 seconds for the light to travel from the Sun’s surface to the Earth!	1
In 1997, Amalgam comics published a series titled Iron Lantern which combined Iron Man’s and the Green Lantern’s abilities.	1
Hwang Jung-min ... Police captain Choi Cheol-gi	0
An improvised attempt was made to penetrate the Stopline in two places: the first attempt was made by Wäckerle himself near the Rhenen-Wageningen road and the second further south near the Rhine.	0
BAC Sea Wolf missile naval/shipborne guided surface to air missile	0
This small birth-weight makes Ankole-Watusi bulls useful for	0
(The Japanese reading of this title is Tō Monzui.)	0
Supposedly the Christmas pickle is to be the last ornament on the tree.	1
A whip makes a cracking sound because its tip moves faster than the speed of sound	1
St. Germain, Wisconsin, a town in the United States	0
Currently he is the staff physician at the Portland Hotel, a residence and resource centre for the people of Vancouver's Downtown .	0
Bad Sooden-Allendorf is a town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.	0
The surviving Susquehannocks sneaked out of the fort one night, some of them making their way east toward Delaware Bay.	0
Harry has a sister called Gemma.	1
Picasso didn’t have a will, so when he died, his estate tax was paid to the French in the form of his paintings.	1
She has also recorded songs in a disco or dance music style and even some country styled songs.	0
With these multiple influences, a distinctive Pakistani sound has been formed.	0
He adhered to McCartney's overall idea, producing a story he felt to be moving and dramatic.	0
It is therefore in the most exact sense of the word a vestment worn during the Mass.	0
Call the Midwife was written in response to an article about under-represented midwives in literature.	1
He died in Marseilles on 13 January 1993.	0
In 2013 Popular Construction became an associate party of Forza Italia.	0
In his lifetime, Jawaharlal Nehru enjoyed an iconic status in India and was widely admired across the world for his idealism and statesmanship.	0
Reports from the Holocaust: The Story of an AIDS Activist	0
1984 "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series" Justin Deas (Tom Hughes)	0
A tiger’s method of killing prey is to stalk it, before ambushing and overpowering it, before biting.	1
All Greek manuscripts of the Corpus Areopagiticum surviving today stem from an early sixth-century manuscript containing John's Scholia and Prologue — so John of Scythopolis had an enormous influence on how Dionysius was read in the Greek-speaking world.	0
As with the case of the two Razor Soft games, Splatterhouse 2 had a parental advisory label on the game's box in tiny, red print.	0
; and the abolition of the Italian Senate.	0
He used to have a rabbit called Pikachu when he was younger.	1
The border is used as a route for smuggling livestock, food items, medicines and drugs from India to Bangladesh.	0
Dry lotus stamens are often used in the preparation of aromatic tea.	1
The contrasting view is that this perspective fails on two points.	0
In: Movoznavstvo 1978.3 (69), p. 31-40.	0
During its peak times between 9pm and midnight, Netflix accounts for 33% of North Americans downstream traffic – that’s a lot of downloading!	1
The Songhai army then sent their cavalry to charge at the Moroccan lines.	0
As the local name 'spring messenger' suggests, lesser celandine is one of the first flowers of the year.	1
Inhabitants of Saint-Perreux are called in French Perrusiens or Perreusiens.	0
In September 1953, at the age of nine, Leonard was enrolled at the Wahpeton Indian School in Wahpeton, North Dakota, an Indian boarding school run by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA).	0
Ukraine has qualified 6 men and 3 women.	0
Susan also expresses a solipsist belief that he and God (referring to the Fate computer) are the only truly "real" beings in existence, though he also believes that he must devote his life to leading his people.	0
An estimated 50-80% of all life on earth is found under the ocean surface and the oceans contain 99% of the living space on the planet.	1
Tannenbaum concluded his review on Emotions with "Carey has a remarkable vocal gift, but to date, unfortunately, her singing has been far more impressive than expressive."	0
After Perry and her friends went to the tri-centennial celebration, Wendy realizes that her sister Julie was on the coaster and a friend, either Perry or Amber sitting next to her.	0
These Wolves steal half of the Calla's children, who return a few months later "roont".	0
There are approximately 300 species of turtles.	1
The win proved to be something of a watershed in UVA football history in that it set the stage for the 1990 squad to begin the season 7-0, rising to #1 in the polls for the first time.	0
In Argentina, Puna's territory is extended in the provinces of Salta, Jujuy and western Catamarca.	0
The title means: “Remnants of shamanistic beliefs in Hungarian folklore”.	0
Calum Hood had his first kiss at the age of 13.	1
Goats and sheep are seasonal breeders.	1
When Gunn and Wesley are in the woods, Wesley shushes him because he hears something.	0
Several people have been murdered for unfriending someone on Facebook!	1
A survey of 1,000 U.S. adults found that 42% of respondents felt guilty for relaxing during their vacation time.	1
Almost all the Botox in the world is made in a single factory in Westport, Ireland.	1
Chicken meals are available in individual, family and catering-sized portions always served with fresh handmade salsa and warm tortillas.	0
Never Cry Wolf, 1963 book by Farley Mowat	0
Previous theories held that institutions can influence individuals to act in one of two ways: they can cause individuals within institutions to maximize benefits (regulative institutions, also called Rational Choice Institutionalism), similar to rational choice theory or to act out of duty or an awareness of what one is "supposed" to do (normative institutions, also called Historical Institutionalism).	0
The Heide-Dorf (Heide-Village), a richly detailed replica of typical buildings from the Lüneburg heath, was inaugurated in the 1988 season.	0
James F. Mahaffy, Biology Department Dordt College	0
I mainly drew from The Book of Taliesin, which is a collection of poems, said to be written by the sixth century Welsh bard Taliesin."	0
During that time, the booking committee consisted of Gilbertti, Vince Russo, Bill Banks, Ed Ferrara, and Terry Taylor.	0
Space shuttle Endeavour made 25 trips, logging 123million miles and circling the globe almost 4,700 times.	1
On February 7, 1786 he was appointed King's Lieutenant for the strongholds and castles of Lleida.	0
The woman actually arrested was a burlesque performer who told Chicago police that her name was "Annie Oakley".	0
From 2000 to 2010, some 100,000 British people converted to Islam.	1
Now that the spring and autumn equinoxes are arriving on Uranus, the dynamics are changing and convection can occur again.	0
On 19th July 2015, Ed Sheeran traveled 5 hours on his day off to sing for Jake Roche, as he got on one knee, and proposed to Jesy.	1
He was born in Miami, Florida, however he grew up in Boynton Beach with his older sister, Taylor.	1
A dog was the first living creature to be sent into space in 1957.	1
The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.	1
Munindar P. Singh has long advocated moving away from the psychological to a social semantics of speech acts—one that would be in tune with Austin's conception.	0
Accordingly, most of his recordings as pianist are in this genre.	0
Within weeks the album became certified gold.	0
Lady GaGa taught herself to play the piano at only four years old!	1
A section of the California Riding and Hiking Trail meanders for through the western side of the park.	0
Fanny Howe (born 1940), American poet, novelist, and short story writer	0
Wersching's 4 field goals tied a Super Bowl record set by Green Bay Packers kicker Don Chandler in Super Bowl II.	0
It was not until 1835 that Congress approved construction of branch mints in Charlotte, NC, Dahlonegah, GA, and New Orleans, LA.	0
In 1924 in Chamonix, France, the first winter games were held.	1
Singer-songwriter Paul Kelly whose music style straddles folk, rock, and country is often described as the poet laureate of Australian music.	0
His cathedral was a little church twenty feet wide by fifty feet deep, his residence a still smaller two-roomed frame structure.	0
Malaysia - assembly of C, E and S class vehicles by the DRB-Hicom	0
After World War II, the islands and the sea around them were mandated by United Nations.	0
Transfers to city bus stations are available at all metro stations.	0
He subsequently retrained as a fighter pilot.	0
The following year SV was established as a separate side out of this association.	0
North Marysburgh, surveyed in 1785 and settled by Loyalist veterans, some of Hessian birth.	0
Prehistoric surgical techniques are seen in Ancient Egypt, where a mandible dated to approximately 2650 BCE shows two perforations just below the root of the first molar, indicating the draining of an abscessed tooth.	0
The typewriter was invented in 1829	1
On telecommunications circuits, disambiguation is a critical function of voice procedure.	0
Billy Davies was confirmed as the new manager on 1 January 2009 and watched Pemberton's side beat Manchester City 3–0 away in the FA Cup, prior to taking official charge.	0
Gregg Alexander: New Radicals frontman, best known for their single "You Get What You Give"	0
Joan Riudalbá, riding an SWM TF1 of 125 cc was Enduro Spanish Champion in 1980.	0
His family soon realized the boy's talent and encouraged him to play at family gatherings and by age nine he was considered one of the best players in New Orleans.	0
In 1609, Galileo Galilee became the first person to observe Mars through a telescope!	1
Interview with William Bennett for Ràdio Web MACBA (2011).	0
To boost ratings, Walter Winchell and Bernie, who were good friends, staged a fake rivalry similar to the comedic conflict between Jack Benny and Fred Allen.	0
Super Tuesday is the day on which many U.S. states choose to hold their Presidential primary elections.	1
Berkeley was the birthplace of Edward Jenner, the originator of vaccination.	0
Down on the border the town of El Paso,	0
Privately owned Scooters and Motorbikes: all started with a P or Q (e.g.	0
Zebec secured an invitation for the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland.	0
Batan Island, the main island of the province of Batanes, the Philippines	0
Approximately 3,000 tons of the water was found to contain radioactive substances, and Japan's Fisheries Agency refused permission to release that water back into the ocean.	0
Acura is introduced in Hong Kong by Reliance Motors	0
However, some athletes have already expressed their wish to represent either the Netherlands or Aruba in London).	0
# of persons engaged in commerce	0
I've got a lot of time for Danny because he is one who falls into that category.	0
While completing this orbit the Sun travels at 136.7 miles per second.	1
Pistanthrophobia is a common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.	1
Born in Perth in 1730, Christie went on to found Christie's auctioneers in 5 December 1766.	0
She knows all of Humphrey's tricks and is able to give the Prime Minister instant advice how to get past his manipulations, and Humphrey knows it and sees her as a threat, though always refers to her as "Dear Lady".	0
Water level monitoring for groundwater studies.	0
Livedelica (1995) - also included in Special Edition of Psychedelicatessen.	0
provide a deterrent against excessive leverage for the largest financial firms."	0
The serial number on Darth Vader’s suit of armor was E-3778Q-1.	1
Now is used as an office of chief district officer.	0
Prime Minister Suhrawardy supported the One Unit plan to establish the federalism but the vast opposition paralyzed Suhrawardy's progress to oversee the program properly.	0
On 30th January 2010, Justin hit 1,000,000 Twitter followers.	1
45% of people use mouthwash everyday	1
Many of PG&E's utility competitors ceased operation following the Great Earthquake.	0
A Boston industrialist closed his factory on Christmas day and donated a turkey to all its workers after hearing Dickens’ A Christmas Carol.	1
As of early 2013, no physical health effects due to radiation had been observed among the public or Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant workers.	0
Crocodiles are responsible for over a 1,000 deaths each year by the Banks of the Nile river	1
Before becoming the psychotic lead in Bates Motel, Freddie had openly expressed how eager he was to play a killer role.	1
Heist promoted from Third Division A	0
Dwight D. Eisenhower: Eisenhower carried 3 coins in his pocket for good luck.	1
He was formally canonised in 1029.	0
In 1983, English professor Cedric Watts published an essay criticizing Achebe's "cool, mocking, sarcastic, and angry" approach towards the subject.	0
However, when one depresses the damper pedal (see below) on such an instrument, there are no strings to vibrate sympathetically.	0
Seeing the color red can make your heart beat faster.	1
The greyhound is the fastest dog and can reach speeds of up to 72kph (45mph)	1
Facebook has been banned in China since July 2008!	1
And so we ended up going off and doing solo things, and spending our time that way, and that was good, too.	0
This scarecrow world record was achieved on August 7th, 2014 in Burton-upon-Trent.	1
with rails fastened to a solid trackbed, rather than to sleepers on ballast) in almost all tunnels, although not at Langwasser Mitte (U1) and the adjoining tunnel up to just before Gemeinschaftshaus.	0
The Paris and Tours route ( ) used to be the pilgrimage of choice for inhabitants of the Low Countries and those of northern and western France.	0
The series moved to Dallas for Game 3, where Stars goalie Kari Lehtonen stopped all 37 Anaheim shots to earn his first playoff victory in a 3–0 win.	0
The Rosetta spacecraft is on a ten-year mission to study the comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko, in the hopes that determining its composition will reveal the origins of the Solar System.	0
Arboletes has a mud volcano located in the Santa Fe de la Plata corregimiento.	0
There are five typical autosomal-recessive disorders in which ataxia is a prominent feature: Friedreich ataxia, ataxia-telangiectasia, ataxia with vitamin E deficiency, ataxia with oculomotor apraxia (AOA), spastic ataxia.	0
Drake is on Twitter, and among his tweets are tattoos which he would have if he were a “tattoo person”.	1
Fred De Cordova keeps Carson's Tonight Show on track" People Weekly, 22:131-2.	0
The Hollywood sign originally said “Hollywoodland.”	1
Records indicate that the emergency brake had been inoperative for 17 to 26 months due to the fact that a normally closed hydraulic solenoid valve had been placed in a location where the design called for a normally open valve and that its ill fitted solenoid was burned out.	0
Actress Marilyn Monroe lived in the city from infancy until she was 6.	0
Daniel eventually pulls his gadgets and engages a high-speed drive through the streets, prompting Emilien to reveal his true job and apprehend Daniel.	0
A bridge was then built by private initiative over the Tijuca Lagoon to serve the area's new inhabitants.	0
Just one year after its release, the Dreamcast had successfully out sold Nintendo!	1
Jack’s family consists of his mother Katherine, father David and his two older sisters Molly and Laura.	1
Yoda is one of the few Jedi (and Sith) who kept his robe on during combat.	1
Its name comes from "Mercury Telecommunication Services SARL".	0
From 2005 until 2010, Trump owned and ran the Trump University LLC, where his courses covered real estate training.	1
Light Travels 18 million times faster than rain!	1
The last name Kardashian means "son of a stonemason" in Armenian.	1
The Sukanen Ship Pioneer Village and Museum features a typical village replete with pioneer artifacts and tractors, cars and trucks restored by the Moose Jaw car club, and is run by volunteers.	0
The Cambodian alphabet has 74 letters	1
Atlantic City, New Jersey, a city in southern New Jersey known for its boardwalk and casinos	0
She is hypoglycemic which basically means her blood sugar gets low &amp; she has to eat something.	1
The company was founded in 1961.	0
Marcel Augusto Ortolan (born 12 November 1981 in Mirassol, São Paulo) most commonly known as Marcel, is a Brazilian footballer.	0
A person who can speak French fluently is known as a Francophone.	1
Don McGuire as Teddy #2 - Prop.	0
As to the form of the fanon and the material from which it was made in early times, no positive information exists.	0
Drug information, published studies and current trials	0
Excessive lower-leg rotation due to over-pronation	0
Valery Gergiev Kirov Opera orchestra, chorus and ballet	0
Situated on the north bank of the Yangtze River, it borders Nantong to the east, Yancheng to the north and Yangzhou to the west.	0
Corrective optics were installed on the telescope during the first Hubble service and repair mission STS-61.	0
You burn more calories sitting in the cold, than heat.	1
An unauthorised film version was entitled Nosferatu and was released in 1922.	1
Elon Musk owns the Lotus Esprit submarine car from the 007 film The Spy Who Loved Me from 1977.	1
Finally, an enema may also be used for hydration purposes.	0
He reiterated: "It's something that draws a lot of interest and something I take pride in."	0
The Cherry Barb tends to be antisocial at times, which makes them look rather lonely – even amongst its own species.	1
He entered the Dominican Order at the age of 17, then studied philosophy at Paris and theology at Bordeaux.	0
1965 - Tom O'Brien, American actor and producer	0
The most recent legal document regarding Italian EIC standards and requirements is the Decreto Ministeriale n. 229 del 8-11-2007.	0
Certain Muslim and Jewish communities expressed frustration with the process of dialogue skewed for non-religious audiences.	0
He says he is good at ice skating.	1
While Hermias’ early life takes place during the disorder preceding the massive Alexandrian conquest, his mature life reveals the emergence of the Macedonian Kingdom as a formidable power, as well as the beginning stages of King Philip’s invasion plans later followed by his son, Alexander.	0
The US President's transport system costs $2,614 per minute.	1
São José do Inhacorá, Rio Grande do Sul	0
This includes sanding, honing, and polishing.	0
Americans buy 58 million+ lbs (26 million+ kg) of chocolate on Valentine’s Day, that’s 5% of yearly sales.	1
The Franks took pride in having "fought against and thrown from their shoulders the heavy yoke of the Romans" and "from the knowledge gained in baptism, clothed in gold and precious stones the bodies of the holy martyrs whom the Romans had killed by fire, by the sword and by wild animals", as Pippin III described it in a law of 763 or 764. certainly this is the view of Pirenne when he says "Charles was the Emperor of the ecclesia as the Pope conceived it, of the Roman Church, regarded as the universal Church".	0
K2 zoekt K3 (SBS 6 and vtm, 2009)	0
The rich databases of component images form a new grammar for moving images.	0
On January 8, 2014, the Clippers signed him to a 10-day contract.	0
From 25 May to 26 October 1998 he was the head of the Press and Information Office of the Federal Government.	0
Niue released a one-dollar coin featuring Pikachu as part of a commemorative promotion for the Pokémon franchise, with Pikachu on one side and the nation’s coat of arms on the other.	1
This four-stroke four-cylinder motorcycle boasted double overhead camshafts just like the bigger Z1 and Kawasaki claimed from the 652 cc motor.	0
Considered either a commercial success or a flop, Batman established Burton as a profitable director (he could produce good films for a low-budget).	1
The new variants are to be powered by new more efficient engines with larger diameter fans, and include slightly taller landing gear, and possibly a new aluminum or carbon fiber-based wing.	0
The London County Council and the City Corporation also supported the plan.	0
Coastal areas of Misawa were again devastated by a tsunami in March 1933.	0
If a commercial jet was on autopilot, there is a 1 on 10 chance of an untrained passenger being able to land it successfully.	1
The Boston Globe s Tom Russo thought the short was "a welcome throwback to the days when The Simpsons had more sentiment at its core, and wasn’t so much about the latest batch of newbie Ivy League writers taking their cues from Family Guy."	0
She takes a kickboxing or a spinning class three times a week.	1
Now well into his eighties, he continues performing on stage, most recently in Sillabari by Goffredo Parise and Aquiloni, taken from Giovanni Pascoli.	0
Much like on-screen counterpart Norma Bates, Vera is very musical, being a skilled pianist and guitar player.	1
Cheetahs can accelerate from 0 to 70 km/h (43mp/h) in 3 seconds	1
The first commercial item scanned by a barcode was a packet of chewing gum in an Ohio supermarket in 1974.	1
Fireforce comprised units of Selous Scouts, an undercover tracker battalion of 1,500 troops on double pay, 80 percent black, (many recruited by Special Branch from captured guerrillas facing trial and execution) probing ahead of a parachute infantry battalion and up to 200 Special Air Service commandos.	0
The most popular topic that is searched for is of course, music!	1
Retail categories are "Extra" and "Prima" only.	0
Rice is the staple food for 50% of the worlds population	1
Mervyn O&apos;GormanSuperintendent of the Army Balloon Factory	0
The planet's effective temperature is 900 K, and is thus the hottest of the planets discovered in the Kepler-11 system.	0
The highest recorded maximum temperature in Tasmania was at Scamander on 30 January 2009, during the 2009 south-eastern Australia heat wave.	0
Casein-derived compounds are used in tooth remineralization products to stabilize amorphous calcium phosphate (ACP) and release the ACP onto tooth surfaces, where it can facilitate remineralization.	0
Before fame, he worked part-time in Costa Coffee in Weston-super-Mare.	1
On 21st February 2014, Cameron had an accident where he stood on a can, and had to have 13 stitches in his foot.	1
Nutrients absorbed into the bloodstream are carried to the udder where the cow’s body will put the nutrients together in another form to make milk.	0
Chinese scientists calculate a quantum law of protein folding that explains the impact of temperature on folding.	0
The objection although partially true is itself flawed.	0
The name of this console was declared as “Katana”, but was later changed to Dreamcast.	1
The final two rounds saw another raft of new entries, all of which were planning full campaigns in 2007.	0
Five cars completed runs, filling the field to 21 cars.	0
Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the Universe (75%)	1
It is illegal in Saudi Arabia to name a child Sandy, Elaine or Linda.	1
Perhaps surprisingly, Kanye’s favourite band is a group of indie artists from Glasgow, better known as Franz Ferdinand.	1
The founder of the Mother's Day later fought to have it abolished.	1
The paladins figure into many chansons de geste and other tales associated with Charlemagne.	0
A woman faked her entire tragedy and the loss of her husband during the 9/11 attacks and became President of the Support Network in New York.	1
New Remedies, Clinical Cases, Lesser Writings, Aphorisms and Precepts.	0
The capital was moved to the new city of Houston in 1837.	0
5SOS doesn’t have an official fandom name, but their fans either call themselves the 5SOSFam or 5sosers -pronounced 5 sauce, however there is much debate on this!	1
Gallner was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania, and attended West Chester East High School.	0
Emission savings include cuts in methane, HFC, and N 2 O emissions.	0
Before he was cast in , Ray Stevenson was in discussions for the role.	0
UnitedHealth Group, a U.S. based managed health care company	0
Tennis Magazine (France) confirmed the ATP year-ending rankings: Hewitt first, Agassi second, Safin third.	0
Many species have become extinct, while many remain in a vulnerable state.	1
Under the Social Discipline Model, sociograms are sometimes used to reduce misbehavior in a classroom environment.	0
Due to the large competition, in 2001 Sega announced that they would discontinue the Dreamcast.	1
The film stars Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Josh Gad, Peter Dinklage and Michelle Monaghan.	0
Horror filmmakers have used the idea of Alice for films, such as 2010’s Alice in Murderland.	1
With some account of their habits, extracted from Mr. MacLeay's notes."	0
Jack &amp; Madison have a pet dog called Cub.	1
One of Austin’s biggest musical influences is Justin Bieber, and in October 2011, he posted a video covering Mistletoe.	1
Ireland has the lowest annual number of reported UFO sightings in Europe.	1
This gives departments elite HAZMAT personnel and high-grade equipment for an incident.	0
They live in sub-Saharan Africa, northeast Africa, Central Asia, India, and China.	0
The band’s music has lots of different influences, from Electropop, Dancehall music, J-pop and Video Game music, with many of their songs being written on a Casio SA-45 mini-keyboard.	1
Haunter has a slightly different cry starting in Generation III.	1
Hennig had another chance to win the title on December 11 when he participated in a fatal four-way match for the championship, but Eric Escobar won the match and the title in the process.	0
Ienaga began his career as a trainee with Gamba Osaka, one of the leading clubs in Japan's J.	0
The retail madness seen in stores across the U.S. on Black Friday first resulted in the death of a retail employee in 2008 when, upon opening doors to a 2,000-strong crowd of shoppers in Valley Stream, New York, the employee was trampled by to death by the rushing crowd.	1
Sprite was developed in West Germany in 1959 as ‘Fanta Klare Zitrone’ (Clear Lemon Fanta) and introduced to the United Stated as Sprite in 1961.	1
Some cat breeds (called ‘puppy cats’) are bred specifically to exhibit dog-like behavior.	1
'orology' is the study of mountains	1
He became the 13th player in league history to reach this milestone.	0
All the spiders on earth could eat all the humans on earth in a single year.	1
The people scattered to gather straw, and the taskmasters beat the Israelite officers, asking why they had not fulfilled the quota of brick production as before.	0
They had also refused to participate in the meetings of the Advisory Councils, hence Malay participation in the government bureaucracy and the political process had totally stopped.	0
The study of insects is called entomology	1
While Germany was occupying Paris in World War ll, Picasso’s paintings were banned by the Nazis because they thought they didn’t follow the rules of art.	1
The total surface area of 1 gram of Upsalite, a new form of highly porous magnesium carbonate, would cover 800 square metres.	1
Planetary ball mills are smaller than common ball mills and mainly used in laboratories for grinding sample material down to very small sizes.	0
Hard cheeses have a longer shelf live than soft cheeses.	1
Heiðar Helguson - Professional footballer with English Football League Championship team Queens Park Rangers.	0
Cato speaks of an enormous number of breads including; libum (sacrificial cakes made with flour), placenta (groats and cress), spira (our modern day flour pretzels), scibilata (tortes), savaillum (sweet cake), and globus apherica (fritters).	0
7-Eleven America has its headquarters in the One Arts Plaza building in Downtown Dallas, Texas.	0
In February 1995 the music profession honoured Cabrel at the annual "Victoires de la Musique" awards ceremony, presenting him with an award for Best Album of 94 (for "Un samedi soir sur la terre").	0
You can’t block Mark Zuckerberg’s account on Facebook!	1
As the series progressed, Willow became a more assertive and even sensual character; in particular, she became a lesbian and a powerful Wiccan.	0
He fulfilled three commissions for new churches; his stature allowed him the freedom to design the structure and decorate the interiors in a consistent manner.	0
It has an extra digit on its paw like an opposable thumb.	1
He enjoys Take Me Out and Sex and the City.	1
It exited the chart on the week after the chart issue date of September 29, 2007, exiting at number ninety-seven.	0
those dug in loess cliffs, on the side of the valley: a typical example is the troglodyte city of Yan&apos;an;	0
Android releases are alphabetical; Astro, Bender, Cupcake, Donut, Eclair, Froyo, Gingerbread, Honeycomb, Ice Cream Sandwich, Jelly Bean, KitKat, Lollypop and Marshmallow.	1
India is the only country who has never attacked any country in its history.	1
On the other side of the Rhine River lies Laufenburg (Baden), Germany.	0
Their first gig was in front of only 20 people!	1
The precise commercial basis on which the Afristar and Asiastar satellites currently continue to be maintained in working satellite orbit by Intelsat is not known at the present time.	0
These contemporary divination decks change the cards to varying degrees.	0
Shortly after, Connor Ball joined the band after meeting the rest via a mutual friend.	1
File:ForthBridgeEdinburgh.jpg|The Firth of Forth rail bridge with its three double cantilevers	0
Dolly, the world's first cloned sheep was named after Dolly Parton as the cells were cloned from the donor sheep's breast tissue.	1
Indonesia is the team to have played the least amount of World Cup matches, having played only one in 1938.	1
Jay confirmed that his middle name is not Noah or Carlos, he does have one but he is too embarrassed to reveal it.	1
The church's namesake, Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia was born near Prague, Bohemia circa 907 CE.	0
On July 3, 2014, the Yankees promoted Wheeler to the major leagues.	0
Then it is rubbed by taking the help of two different stones and then the cloth is dried.The mixture of gum and chalk gives the cloth's surface a leathery finish on which the artists paint with vegetable, earth and stone colours.	0
By the time they are six hours old they can only absorb a fraction of what they need.	0
His father, Herbert Herbert, was a stall-holder at Brick Lane Market in London.	1
Episodes "Bloodletting" and "Save the Last One"	0
Church co-wrote Terri Clark's 2005 single "The World Needs a Drink", and the track "Whiskey Wings" on Dean Miller's 2005 album Platinum.	0
His favourite drink is Duff Beer.	1
The Marlboro Man is a figure used in tobacco advertising campaign for Marlboro cigarettes.	0
An unknown pioneer : Emile-Louis Letord, the Aviator of Meudon.)	0
The peninsula extends approximately 150 miles (240 km) southwest from the Chugach Mountains, south of Anchorage.	0
Scapino tends to make a confusion of anything he undertakes and metaphorically "flees" from one thought, activity or love interest to another, as his name implies, although he usually will return to it -- eventually.	0
The Apple Lisa was released in June 1983.	1
In 1979, he acted in the TV film The 11th Victim, then in the German film Gibbi – Westgermany (1980).	0
He is known for losing his cigarette lighters, and regularly asks his fans if he can borrow one.	1
The only book Niall has ever read is ‘To Kill A Mockingbird’.	1
The paramilitary Frontier Corps will be provided with artillery and Armored Personnel Carriers (APCs).	0
Sailing from St. Petersburg, he arrived at Nizhnekolymsk on 2 November 1820, and early in 1821 journeyed to Cape Schelagin (Shelagsky?)	0
It shares in the dialog and in the theological endeavors of the World Council of Churches.	0
On 7 July 2007 they performed at the German leg of Live Earth in Hamburg.	0
, Jean-Baptiste Guillaume, Jean-Antoine Vieille, Besancon, 1757, 39 pages	0
In 1804, he said, "Power is my mistress."	0
The four members of the band JLS were: Aston Merrygold, Marvin Humes, Jonathan “JB” Gill and Oritsé Williams.	1
Of small stature and blessed with limited acting skills, the steely power of Poncet's voice—coupled with his impressive upper register (which ascended to the high D in his prime)—made up to a certain extent for his lack of stage credibility.	0
He took a flat above the Strand Theatre, which became his London home for the rest of his life.	0
Other character names mark their bearers as semi-monstrous caricatures.	0
On June 29, he had three RBI in a 7-5 loss to the New York Yankees.	0
The idea for Disneyland came to Walt Disney after taking his daughters to Griffith Park in the 30’s and 40’s, and watching them on the merry-go-round.	1
Serbian volleyball league (2): 2009/10, 2010/11	0
1512–1520 : Alonso de Aragón (or Alfonso de Aragón), illegitimate son of Ferdinand the Catholic and also Archbishop of Saragossa in 1478–1520.	0
In his remarks, Romney, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee at the time, said, "The Romney campaign comes to a sudden stop when we spot a Chick-fil-A.	0
Because of the rapid progress of the Ilocos, the region was divided into Ilocos Norte and Ilocos Sur provinces, pursuant to the Real Cedula as of February 2, 1818.	0
Doki Doki♡Densetsu Mahōjin Guru Guru (Juju Kū Shunamuru)	0
His full name is David Robert Jones.	1
examples of the "pare-chute" shock-protection system, constant force escapements	0
Port Kembla Harbour is a major export location for coal mined in the southern and western regions of New South Wales.	0
As a result of the campaigning of the New York State Woman Suffrage Association under Gage, the state of New York granted female suffrage for electing members of the school boards.	0
The geographic coordinates of this airport are:3° 58' 48.00"S, 39° 43' 48.00"E (Latitude: -3.98000; Longitude:39.73000).	0
Unsuccessfully offering her legal guardians to marry Anica in church, he eloped with her back to Şchei.	0
George Shelley describes Ariana Grande as his perfect woman.	1
1938 - Eric Gale, American guitarist and producer (Stuff) (d. 1994)	0
Nathan Sykes from the British boy-band “The Wanted” used to have a rabbit called Pikachu when he was younger.	1
Guilherme "Guly" do Prado Raymundo, (born 31 December 1981) is a Brazilian professional footballer who most recently played as a striker for English club Southampton.	0
, by Colonel George W. Goethals	0
Bosserville Charterhouse (Chartreuse de l'Immaculée Conception, Bosserville), Art-sur-Meurthe (Meurthe-et-Moselle) (1666–1792; noviciate house 1835-1901; exiled to Saxon 1901 and moved to Pleterje in 1903)	0
On Saturday, July 16, 1955, the Golden Horseshoe opened a day early for a private party of corporate sponsors.	0
1990Still Life: The Fine Art of Murder	0
The book was highly influential in those countries, and helped shape lasting popular notions of Catholicism there.	0
It allows playing video images, in approximately real-time, without having to wait for an entire large video file to download.	0
The costume for the character wasn’t the result of a few designs – in fact, there were hundreds of drafts and designs drawn up before the final conclusion was made.	1
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho was the first American movie to show a toilet flushing in screen.	1
1990 John Thaw in Inspector Morse	0
Audrey Hepburn, Lauren Bacall, and Grace Kelly are three of her favorite classic actresses.	0
Nobility were the only ones during the Elizabethan Era who could wear orange.	1
Sein schriftliches Werk im Kontext von Kunsthandel, Mäzenatentum und Kunstkritik seiner Zeit.	0
Majority of Alicia’s song lyrics are often about female empowerment, love and heartbreak.	1
The plan was to construct a railway line from Mombasa to Kigali through Kampala.	0
During the first few weeks the female repeatedly moves her cubs to different hiding places to reduce their risk of being discovered.	0
Flushable toilets were in use in ancient Rome	1
As a prize for the European Golden Shoe, he received a Toyota car, which he sold, then sharing the money with his teammates.	0
There are roughly fifteen calories in each lemon.	1
The LEGO Company no longer offers technical support to advanced users on the historical MINDSTORMS range, specifically those using the SDK 2.5 (RCX and Scout), and Spybotics range.	0
I found none of the lofty abstractions of honor, justice, charity, patriotism of which our standard books are so full, on which we are brought up, with which we are lulled to sleep, through which they hypnotize us in order the better to deceive the kind little folk, to enslave them the more easily, to butcher them the more foully.	0
H Petzsch (1956) mentioned that puma/leopard hybrids had been obtained by artificial insemination.	1
Philosophy, painting, and the Japanese garden	0
In September 1988, the former hotel was demolished for a new residential building, the Regency.	0
Because the Ancient Egyptians oriented toward the origin of the life-giving waters of the Nile in the south, Swenet was the first town in the country, and Egypt always was conceived to "open" or begin at Swenet.	0
He worked with NASA for the Apollo Project and taught in many universities, such as MIT, University of Chicago and the University of Stockholm.	0
Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.	0
Men who help with housework also tend to have more sex.	1
Canada is just 1.5% larger in land than the U.S.A.	1
Another popular subject of interest in Greek culture at the turn of the 19th century was the shadowy Scythian philosopher Anacharsis, who lived in the 6th century BCE.	0
As one biographer put it, "her metaphysically grandiose personality, spiritual and intellectual maximalism overload, was totally out of place in what she herself saw as 'soullessly pragmatic' period in the European history."	0
By 24 January, the Indonesian government had spent an average of Rp 1 billion (about U.S.$110,000) a day on the search.	0
The Louisiade Archipelago consists of the following island groups and islands:	0
There were 534 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.1% of the workforce.	0
The Twenty-Seven Club is a club for celebrities who died age 27 including Kurt Cobain, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison.	1
After damage on landing in 1936, it was grounded and remained for decades at Carcross, Yukon.	0
The remote variant of the Coyote has its surveillance suite mounted on two short tripods, which crew can deploy remotely using a 200-metre spool of cable.	0
18 May 1985: A Norman Whiteside goal in extra-time seals victory in the 1985 FA Cup Final for Manchester United against league champions Everton.	0
In most milking systems, a milking technician must attach the cluster to each cow, but the machine senses when the cow has been fully milked and drops off independently.	0
He won a Commonwealth Games gold medal when he was part of the New Zealand Sevens side and also has World Cup Sevens medals.	0
The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.	1
Gennady Rozhdestvensky conducting the London Symphony Orchestra, 1988, IMP /MCA Classics (complete, with first movement repeat)	0
Initially operated by the National Academy of Sciences, USRA took over the management of the Lunar Science Institute on December 11, 1969.	0
The first dip into the world of online comedy came when the duo (known as Jack &amp; Jack) created YouTube channel MotherFalconQuagmire which posted lip sync and parodies of popular music.	1
Yes Minister: Series Two, released 11 February 2002	0
Because of this, many Western buyers of the qinqin feel disappointed in the instrument after buying them because the notes produced are not the ones expected.	0
Gyarados has the greatest increase of its base stat total of any Pokémon compared to its pre-evolution.	1
Neptune was the first planet to be found through mathematical predictions rather than telescopic location.	1
The Maine-Anjou is one of the highest marbling of the continental breeds.	0
His influence is ubiquitous, and his power exceeds that of the Prime Minister.	0
When he was assassinated, Emperor Caeser was stabbed a staggering 23 times.	1
There are exactly 1,048,576 bytes in 1 megabyte	1
According to the generally accepted opinion, he was the second most important person in the state after the Bulgarian ruler.	0
Edgar Norton ... Vanning's butler (uncredited)	0
Tautenburg, a municipality in the Saale-Holzland district in Thuringia in Germany, houses the Karl Schwarzschild Observatory.	0
The success of this album and its singles led to a re-kindling of interest in the first album Original Pirate Material, which re-entered the UK album charts and beat its original chart peak of two years earlier.	0
On January 3, 2006, against the Los Angeles Lakers, Kirilenko posted a statline of 14 points, 8 rebounds, 9 assists, 6 steals and 7 blocks.	0
In comparison, the verge's escapement has a recoil with a limited balance arc and is sensitive to variations in driving torque.	0
Tupac, Peaches Geldof, Wilfred Owen, John Keats and Clyde Barrow all died age 25.	1
Besides the Land Rover, he has also bought Lika a house in Chechenya.	0
She converted to Buddhism in season 13.	1
Ficaria verna exists in both diploid (2n=16) and tetraploid (2n=32) forms which are very similar in appearance.	1
The track "Stereo", which features Fitts was released as a promotional single on September 20, 2012.	0
As of 2017, Ireland has won the Eurovision Song Contest seven times, which is more than any other country.	1
The sister city of Owen Sound is Miamisburg, Ohio.	0
The city is also frequently used as a film set, most recently for Marco Bellocchio's Il regista dei matrimoni and is popular in Italy as the home of Il Commissario Montalbano, the popular television series broadcast by RAI.	0
Smiles have been proven to be more attractive on a woman's face than makeup.	1
The land was plowed by teams of oxen pulling light unwheeled plows and grain was harvested with sickle.	0
The Biological Basis of Religion and Genius, Gopi Krishna, New York, intro.	0
Most archaeological evidence shows that humans who came into contact with gold were impressed by the metal.	0
In aryllithium complexes, the lithium cation coordinates to a single carbanion center through a Li-C σ type bond.	0
The sailors later established posts at Goa in 1510, and conquered Malacca in 1511, driving the Sultan to the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula from where he kept making raids on the Portuguese.	0
His full name is Christopher Maurice Brown.	1
The Earth axis has an estimated tilt of around 23.5 degrees which allows our planet to have its seasons.	1
Every 2 years the Olympic flame is lit at Greece’s Olympia before going to the host nation, being displayed around the country and then used at the opening ceremony to light the Olympic Cauldron.	1
Marvin’s full name is Marvin Richard James Hume.	1
John Ford directed many of his screenplays.	0
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make people fat.	1
In 1974 she was cast as Jenny Anderson in the musical Shenandoah, based on the Oscar nominated 1965 film of the same name in which her role was played by Rosemary Forsyth.	0
The Shang Dynasty of China uses bronze regularly.	1
Every month, there are over 16 million Google searches for “Instagram.”	1
This portrayal of Kilowog casts him in a more jovial light, although at no loss of his significant competence as a Lantern.	0
In 2008, Knowledge Plaza and Whatever won the Prix Lionel Van den Bossche 2008 award given each year to a Belgian innovative enterprise.	0
Garfield, the lasagne-loving feline, was featured in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the most widely published cartoon.	1
1862 - American Indian Wars: during an uprising in Minnesota, Lakota warriors decide not to attack heavily-defended Fort Ridgely and instead turn to the settlement of New Ulm, killing white settlers along the way.	0
Anonymous once overwhelmed the Scientology Church's Los Angeles headquarters with all-black faxes, draining the machines of ink.	1
The chosen Unknown was transported to the United States aboard the .	0
3rd Sprint, Oceania Games, Melbourne (AUS)	0
Nadab and Abihu were the first two sons of Aaron the Levite by his marriage to Elisheba.	0
(2008) " " The Castle Studies Group Journal 21, pp.	0
They also headlined the Take Action Tour, playing alongside From First to Last, August Burns Red, The Bled, and The Human Abstract.	0
Fate: captured by British Navy on 17 June 1794.	0
Homer frequently steals things from his neighbour, Ned Flanders.	1
A first, essentially Indian, aniconic phase (avoiding direct representations of the Buddha), was followed from around the 1st century CE by an iconic phase (with direct representations of the Buddha).	0
Las Vegas does not play host to any major sporting entity.	1
Situated at the central portion of Laguna province along the southeastern coast of Laguna de Bay, the Municipality of Santa Cruz lies approximately southeast of Metro Manila via Calamba and is geographically located at approximately 14 degrees 17' latitude and 121 degrees 25' longitude.	0
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), is a fatal, neurological disease of cattle.	1
Just like each human being has a unique fingerprint, each cat has a unique nose print!	1
Retrieved 14 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
One of the oldest recorded tattoo ink recipes consists of Egyptian pine bark, corroded bronze, vinegar, vitriol, leek juice and insect eggs.	1
Beckett threw the season's first no-hitter on May 25, and was 2-0 for the week with a 2.57 ERA.	0
All outside staterooms and above (no inside)	0
At the turn of the 20th century during the Russian Partition of Poland a Palace Park ( ) was founded around the so-called Tsar's Palace in Białowieża.	0
and Pyrgos he took his first music lessons, and in Tripoli, Peloponnese, he gave his first concert at the age of seventeen.	0
Roger Taylor almost never joined the famous Queen; he was offered the chance to join Genesis but refused.	1
The letter W is the only letter in the alphabet that has 3 syllables (all others have 1)	1
Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox (21 September 1516 - 4 September 1571) was the 4th Earl of Lennox, and leader of the Catholic nobility in Scotland.	0
Her first television role was as Sookie Stackhouse in HBO show, True Blood, which in 2008 earnt her a Golden Globe for ‘Best Actress’.	1
The wristwatch was invented in 1904	1
Operación Silencio (Operation Silence) was a Chilean operation to impede investigations by Chilean judges by removing witnesses from the country.	0
Brickner, Philip, , W. W. Norton & Company, 1990.	0
Jupiter is known as the dumping grounds for our solar system, as a large percentage of asteroids are pulled in by Jupiter’s gravity.	1
The Pool A tournament was held in Bern and Geneva, Switzerland, from 19 March to 3 April 1971.	0
According to his engraved tombstone, Roman juggler Tagatus Ursus was the first person to ever juggle glass balls.	1
The Book of Mormon also tells the reader that after Jesus’ resurrection, he visited America, and other lands to talk to God’s children.	1
The date most common to spot a UFO is the 23rd July every year.	1
There are many parades on St. Patrick's Day throughout Northern Ireland.	0
Meanwhile, Joseph Stalin and his Soviet Union in the 1920s and early of 1930s stood by Japan’s invasion of China at first, for they too had also invaded Manchuria and waged a war against Zhang and his father.	0
Umar is the youngest brother of Adnan Akmal and Kamran Akmal who are also cricketers, both wicket-keepers.	0
Justin once admitted that he cried because of the haters comments.	1
Outside of the mountain range, most of the county is within the Gobi Desert.	0
Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dates his most famous painting – the Mona Lisa!	1
In 2012, a resident of Illinois managed to break a world record by peeling and consuming 8 whole bananas in 60 seconds.	1
In Beijing, the Chinese army temporarily drove off German and American defenders within the legation area, and left one side unprotected for more than an hour.	0
His Twitter, @AustinMahone got verified on 24th February 2012.	1
However, clashes between Hezbollah and Israel continued along the border, and UN observers condemned both for their attacks.	0
Burberry produced the original trench coat designed specifically for the trenches.	1
The regular cast included Mr. T himself along with Alexandra Amini as Amanda “Amy” Taler, Kristina Nicoll as Terri Taler (who replaced her sister as Turner’s new partner in 1990), and David Nerman as Danforth "Dick" Decker, the owner of the gym where T.S.	0
To make one tennis racket, the small intestines of eleven sheep are needed.	1
See also the notice by Antoine Le Roux de Lincy prefixed to the catalogue (1868) of his own valuable library.	0
He enjoys Star Trek: The Next Generation, even going as far as to kidnap the cast and spend the day with them.	1
The man who created the Reese’s Peanut Butter Cup was a farmer, by the name of Harry Burnett Reese, who was a former shipping foreman and dairy farmer for Milton S. Hershey, the founder of Hershey’s chocolate.	1
Cura's debut at Milan's La Scala came in January 1997, when he starred as Enzo in Ponchielli's La Gioconda.	0
Kummerspeck (‘grief bacon') is German for the weight put on from eating too much when feeling sorry for yourself.	1
Although Roger, creator of Droodles and author of In One Head and Out the Other, had a reputation as a satirist and a curmudgeon, he was extremely fond of women, and never made a secret of the fact that he found them more interesting than men.	0
She has a PhD in neuroscience from UCLA, which makes her the only member of cast of The Big Bang Theory to have a PhD!	1
In 2003, Wayne Rooney became the youngest player to ever represent England.	1
James removed her fan-fiction from the various websites after comments were made about the sexual content concerning characters Edward Cullen and Bella Swan.	1
Agriculture, Health and related businesses provide economics for the community and area.	0
Prof. Stephen Hawking lost a $100 bet after predicted the existence of the Higgs boson wouldn't be confirmed.	1
DiC's The Wizard of Oz (1990)	0
Their food includes various species of mammals, reptiles, and birds, all of which live in different habitats.	0
For these reasons and others, it stands to say that wildlife experts in India are concerned about the future vitality of the country’s leopard population.	0
King Christian III of Denmark, however, managed to keep his kingdom: Christopher, Count of Oldenburg, and Duke Albert were besieged in Copenhagen in 1535-1536 until they capitulated.	0
Various kinds of patterns were carved on bronze, jade, and pottery wares.	1
White wine gets darker as it ages, while the red wine becomes lighter in colour!	1
Siderodromophobia is the fear of trains	1
Also, from 1953, Heisenberg's theoretical work concentrated on the unified field theory of elementary particles.	0
80% of all Instagram accounts are personal – an average user has 648 followers and is following 359 accounts.	1
The seeker designates where the ray enters the black box and the hider (or computer or book) announces the result (a "hit", "reflection", or "detour"/"miss").	0
Album polski (1970) aka Polish Album as Tomek	0
The SPA stated that the new parliament will hold elections for a body that would write a new constitution.	0
Once a young crow leaves its nest, it spends a few days on the ground learning important skills and how to fly.	1
In the Thai Solar Calendar, blue is the color associated with Friday.	1
Francisco Narciso de Laprida, Deputy for San Juan, President	0
On 14 September 2008 Wahlgren was arrested; three days later he was charged (Swedish: Häktningbeslut) with grave assault (Swedish: grov misshandel) with bodily harm to his wife.	0
Walter Lee, three-time Premier of Tasmania	0
Harry likes Milky Way Crispy Rolls!	1
In 1908 the University of Bonn became fully coeducational.	0
On 26 February, he won his first trophy with Liverpool as they won the League Cup, beating Cardiff in the Final.	0
As Lynn Hunt puts it, “new symbols could make new men.” The French Revolution stood for the notion that members of a society could invent culture and politics for themselves.	0
Between 1663 and 1667, England took control of Saint Lucia, sparking a long-term period of instability where the island changed hands a total of 14 times.	1
Woden and Odin are also associated with the Roman God Mercury, which is reflected in languages derived from Latin in their names for Wednesday, like French with “Mercredi,” Spanish with “Miercoles” and Italian with “Mercoledì.”	1
The band was invited to perform at the second Marillion Convention Weekend.	0
He was spurred to it by seeing the burden of arithmetical labor involved in his father's official work as supervisor of taxes at Rouen.	0
Dutch thrift led to the famous standard rule of only one cookie with each cup of coffee.	0
His Vice Chairman was fellow Tammany Hall politician, Al Smith.	0
Exceptions do exist but the general rule is as above.	0
While sexual practices do exist within the very wide tradition of Hindu Tantra, the Kama Sutra is not a Tantric text, and does not touch upon any of the sexual rites associated with some forms of Tantric practice.	0
By 1793, at age 22, Beethoven often played the piano in the salons of the Viennese nobility and quickly established himself as a piano virtuoso, playing preludes and fugues from Bach’s Well Tempered Clavier.	1
Gordon's first act is to visit the Mahdi in his insurgent camp, accompanied by only a single servant.	0
For a four-bit barrel shifter, an intermediate signal is used which shifts by two bits, or passes the same data, based on the value of S .	0
Concerning art, she founded the respectable Helena Rubinstein Pavilion of Contemporary Art in Tel Aviv and in 1957 she established the Helena Rubinstein travelling art scholarship in Australia.	0
In 1814 a fire destroyed the barracks before the palace, and in 1816 their place was taken initially by two side pavilions designed by Jakub Kubicki.	0
In Vertigo, Inspector Scottie Ferguson (James Stewart) follows Madeleine Elster (Kim Novak) into Mission Dolores and out to the cemetery, where she lays flowers at the grave of "Carlotta Valdes".	0
If you are severely scared of going to the dentist or having dental work, you may actually have a phobia called as odontophobia!	1
The Economist was skeptical of the results, arguing that "few outside the Kremlin regard the referendum as fair".	0
He served as chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs in the 30th Congress.	0
In terms of the type of scheduling there are also distinct eras:	0
In the beginning of 2006–07 season, Lee moved to right full-back due to Benoît Assou-Ekotto's impressive pre-season performance and an injury to regular right-back Stalteri.	0
Mountain Skies Observatory, an astronomical observatory Wyoming, USA	0
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal w/ two service stars	0
Afterward, he severed Beni's ears as trophies.	0
Experts suggest Hitler was very ill.	1
When someone lies to you, it teaches you that things are not always what they seem.	1
This first encounter in which Belgium's selection beat by 8–0, as well as the three following matches were later not recognized by FIFA since the Belgian team contained some English players.	0
The aircraft supercarrier featured in the film, USS Abraham Lincoln, is shown to have three different Naval Registry numbers during angles from different scenes.	0
The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle’s flame could be seen from 30 miles away.	1
/sd /> /zz/ (los dientes > loz-zientes)	0
The Province of Ontario 1867 and after	0
His mother (born in Figline di Prato) worked sometimes as dressmaker, sometimes as cleaning lady, and his father (born in Rutali) was a cartographic designer at the Institut Géographique National during the week, and, with his brother Jean, guitarist and singer at feast days in Corsican receptions during the 1950s in Paris.	0
He likes to drink vitamin water.	1
This remixed version received some radio airplay around the time of the soundtrack's release (which of course coincided with the No Jacket Required "era"), though it did not chart.	0
Hodgson plays for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership, as a Scrum-half	0
"Harvest" (3:09) - Neil Young with The Stray Gators – from the album Harvest	0
After Hoest joined the band, Ragnarok toured both Europe and North America and perfected their sound for their next album.	0
He doesn’t enjoy when his female fans cry as it makes him feel uncomfortable.	1
Later that evening, she asks him to make love to her, but they are interrupted by Noah's friend Fin (Kevin Connolly) with the news that Allie's parents have the police out looking for her.	0
It is generally uncommon, and formerly also occurred in Lauca in far northern Chile.	0
It will include a two-level underground parking garage, bringing the total parking capacity of the complex to 1,700.	0
Vans has a line of merchandise based on the Star Wars franchise trilogy.	1
Courts have ruled twice that the theme was written by Monty Norman, despite claims and testimony by Barry that he had actually written the theme.	0
Instead of appearing, Bishop Hinderbach answered by a circular, directed to all churchmen describing the martyrdom of Simon, justifying his own share in the proceedings, and denouncing the work of the Bishop of Ventimiglia.	0
Section 66 created the state's "Rainy Day Fund".	0
It is a public property and possible to walk the full length of the beach, past all the hotels, resorts, and public beach bars.	1
In 2015, Drake posted just a few seconds of his single “Feel No Ways” on the now obsolete social media channel Vine before the single was released.	1
His opinions, strongly influenced by French Revolutionary ideas, now brought Tandy to the notice of the British Government.	0
This includes the palms, soles, knees, and nasolabial folds, although the discoloration can be generalized.	0
The rafflesia is a parasitic plant that digs invisibly into a host vine that is a member of the grape family.	0
The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.	1
This is a list of aviation-related events from 1917:	0
Gold Cross of Merit with Swords — twice	0
Reading the Kuttner (and Moore) novel, readers are bound to find similarities in theme and in specific instances: some character names are common to both works, and they share the fantasy literary device of moving a present day, realistic character from the familiar world into a fantastical, alternate reality world, exposing the character to this shift as the reader experiences it.	0
Had Philip collaboration Miguez, Maria Elisa Berredo, Nadotti Nelson and Gloria Baker, directed by Fabricio Mamberti and Luciano Sabino.	0
Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.	1
On March 21, 2003, the long battle ended with McMahon reaping $7 million from what was later discovered to be several companies who were negligent for allowing mold into his home.	0
As the 4th season begins where season 3 ended, the future seems bleak: Weir is incapacitated and the senior members of the expedition have suffered multiple injuries.	0
NatureMapping - Project CAT (Cougars and Teaching)	0
During this time, while helping establish Anastasia as a major force on the New York waterfront, Anastasio's power was at its height.	0
The Maine-Anjou is one of the highest marbling of the continental breeds.	0
New York: The Viking Press, 1977.	0
He soon started wrestling under his real name.	0
Dd (digraph), a digraph in the Welsh language	0
The oldest club in the city of Halle was founded as Hallescher Fußballclub von 1896 on 16 July 1896.	0
Its development team included director Yoshito Higuchi, producer Makoto Yoshizumi, and character artist Kōsuke Fujishima.	0
Originally, she was paid the standard Sunday flat studio rate of £30.	0
Premium business circles of Russia, "Idol" (1999) in the nomination "For high service to art"	0
The RRF artist residency takes place at the late artist's property in Captiva Island, Florida.	0
Paul Thornton as Restaurant Patron (uncredited)	0
Nike was founded on January 25th, 1964 by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight.	1
Nicolas Cage was first offered the role of Aragorn, but he turned it down because of ‘family obligations’!	1
traits which include moderate birth weights, excellent weaning performance, moderate milk and moderate mature size.	0
29 is an album by Ryan Adams.	1
In 1927, the New York State Oil Producers Association sponsored the dedication of a monument at the site describing the history of the oil industry in North America.	0
1929–1930 – Christian Schreiber, Bishop of Meissen, as administrator of the future diocese of Berlin	0
An Comdhdail's All Ireland and International championships takes place each Easter week, with the competition being held in Ennis in 2011.	0
In a U.K. poll, Bounty a chocolate &amp; coconut bar – seemingly disliked by many – was actually voted as one of Britain’s top 3 favorite candy bars.	1
The Mediterranean climate and clean, warm water make the lake a popular tourist destination in summer.	0
Most parrots are monogamous, even outside of the breeding season.	1
Inhabitants of Prayols are called Prayolais.	0
Minuchin, S., Rosman, B., & Baker, L. (1978).	0
Ladybugs bleed from their knees when threatened.	1
Many of the monkey’s toes are webbed, but not all of them.	1
Malabon was officially made a municipality of the newly created province of Rizal on June 11, 1901 by virtue of Philippine Commission Act No.	0
Bulletin of Entomological Research 96:223-233 (correo electrónico del author: dg@icipe.org)	0
The Orthodox world of the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslavia (except Croatia and Slovenia), Bulgaria, Cyprus, Greece and Romania.	0
It is usually held on the last weekend in August, as well as the preceding Thursday and Friday.	0
Its goal was to drive a wedge between the Egyptian forces along the coast and the Beersheba–Hebron–Jerusalem road and ultimately to conquer the whole Negev.	0
A cheetahs top speed is 114kph (70mph)	1
Crows, being the smart birds that they are, investigate an area for possible threats after another crow dies there.	1
...we have ordained and established, that no merchant or other shall make Confederacy, Conspiracy, Coin, Imagination, or Murmur, or Evil Device in any point that may turn to the Impeachment, Disturbance, Defeating or Decay of the said Staples, or of anything that to them pertaineth, or may pertain.	0
The West German race was next on the calendar, and there were no surprises in qualifying, with Andretti on pole and Peterson alongside him, with Lauda third.	0
"Bad Bad Man" by Fat Joe	0
In the Semantic Web, abstract resources and their semantic properties are described using the family of languages based on Resource Description Framework (RDF).	0
Taylor also played Rosemary in the film adaptation of The Giver in 2014.	1
On a normal day at the towers, up to 50,000 employees worked in the buildings, and an extra 40,000 passed through.	1
Quadrics QsNet II - HPC interconnect based around the elan4/elite4 ASICs (912MB/s on SR1400 EM64T and 1.26us MPI latency on HP DL145G2)	0
Penguins can convert salt water into fresh water!	1
May 21, 2009 September 10, 2009	0
File:2014-06-12 10 45 44 Catalpa speciosa flowers in Winnemucca, Nevada.JPG|Flowers in Winnemucca, Nevada	0
The dishwasher was invented in 1889	1
Meanwhile, the runaway 777 has become a massive media event as television stations across Pennsylvania have picked up on the story.	0
Eating pizza regularly reduced the risk of developing oesophageal cancer by 59% in a study.	1
While in the water they are preyed upon by sharks, fur seals, and sea lions.	0
The leopard has an exceptionally large range, occurring throughout Africa and Asia.	1
If you haven’t snored for the duration of your life, 60% of men and 40% of women will have started snoring during sleep by the age of 60.	1
After graduating high school she worked as a primary school teacher and took various secretarial jobs, moving frequently among Tokyo, Osaka, and Hiroshima.	0
: Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order	0
Originally in 1886 Coca Cola was introduced as an 'intellectual beverage' to boost brain power	1
He loves cereal and eats three times as fast as a normal human!	1
She voice acted the character of Audrey in The Lorax.	1
He did not qualify in the 400 m and he withdrew from the 200 m. In 1989, he placed 2nd in the 400 at the USA Indoor Championship, while at the NCAA Outdoor Championship he led off runner-up Baylor in the 4 x 400 with a time of 43.8 and won the 200 in 20.59.	0
Yoda used a cane to help him walk in his later life, although he was capable of throwing it aside and moving quickly while using the Force.	1
There is not much difference between 'freedom' and 'self-respect'.	0
Women Speak about 20,000 word’s daily whereas men speak only 7,000!	1
The town of Hama in particular was a "stronghold of landed conservatism and of the Muslim Brothers," and "had long been a redoubtable opponent of the Ba'athist state."	0
Together they manage to make their way through the factory and locate Peagreen and force their way past Potter, dousing him in a shower of liquid cheese in the process.	0
Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."	0
Over 5,000 houses have been razed.	0
1998 I'm Ready aka: Io Vivo (In Te)	0
Grand Cayman offers some of the world’s premier snorkelling and SCUBA locations.	0
Selfie sticks are banned from all Disney theme parks.	1
Its area is and its population is about 370,000.	0
It had 711,066 people in the 2002 census.	0
On 4th June 2012, Mahone release his debut EP, Extended Play, which was released only in Japan on iTunes.	1
The design breakthrough came in January 1951, when Edward Teller and Stanislaw Ulam invented radiation implosion—for nearly three decades known publicly only as the Teller-Ulam H-bomb secret.	0
Use of these less desirable cuts came from peasant households, who invented delicious but labor-intensive ways to utilize the parts rejected by the upper classes.	0
Retrieved 1 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
It has been scientifically proven that laughter can be contagious.	1
Because of the unique tilt of the planet, a night at one of its poles lasts for 21 Earth years, during which it will receive no heat or light from the Sun at all.	1
Consequently, the United Nations proclaimed the year 2001 as the United Nations' Year of Dialogue Among Civilizations, as per Khatami's suggestion.	0
European financial economics experts- notably the World Pensions Council (WPC) have argued that European powers such as France and Germany pushed dogmatically and naively for the adoption of the "Basel II recommendations", adopted in 2005, transposed in European Union law through the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD).	0
The party as a whole was left deeply in debt.	0
The ice cream cone was introduced in 1904	1
Carroll had many jobs including; novelist, mathematician, clergyman, photographer and artist.	1
Many are sold as C. x hortulanem.	0
He suffers from Dyspraxia, a condition which affects coordination and movement.	1
For every 100 females there were 90.9 males.	0
In 1984, Yosemite was selected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	1
Ilhan, Thor, and Jochen combined with Erik Truffaz and Matt Penman to create the band Our Theory.	0
A lion in the wild usually makes no more than twenty kills a year.	1
Initially a source of sustenance rather than praise, the national bird of India is the peacock.	1
The first parade in Ireland was in Dublin in 1931.	1
In 1967, as a result of the town name being inadvertently left off the official Wisconsin road map, a secret committee formulated a plan to secede from Wisconsin, set up toll gates on local roads and begin annexation of nearby communities (starting with the city of Oshkosh) to form a Sovereign State of Winneconne.	0
Graptopetalum amethystinum, Lavender Pebbles, Jewel-leaf Plant	0
Notable performers were Eric Clapton, Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Roger Waters, Eddie Vedder, The Who, The Rolling Stones, Billy Joel, Dave Grohl and Paul McCartney.	0
Los Monstruos del Terror (The Monsters of Terror) (1969)	0
The Lotus fruits are a conical pod with seeds contained in holes in the pod.	1
EOS Rebel XSEOS 500EOS KissSeptember 1993	0
Quasipaa exilispinosa is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	0
as represented by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, This has led the movement's critics to state that intelligent design is merely a public relations campaign and a political campaign.	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	0
Snoop Dogg’s real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. His “Snoop Dogg” nickname came from his mother who thought he looked like Snoopy from the Peanuts.	1
Sunbury is the setting for the 1890 novel Kit and Kitty by R. D. Blackmore.	0
Gilbert Elliott (1843–1895), builder of the CSS Albemarle	0
Before long, Berkman was one of the prominent members of the organization.	0
She eventually returned to Germany during the Channel Dash in 1942, after which she too went to Norway.	0
Temple names (Miao Hao 廟號 Miào Hào)	0
By this time Bhindranwale and his men were above the law."	0
Since heavenly abodes are also tied to the cycle of birth and death, any dweller of heaven or hell will again be recycled to a different plane and in a different form as per the karma and "maya" i.e.	0
Above a certain level of potassium the depolarization inactivates sodium channels, opens potassium channels, thus the cells become refractory.	0
Formerly running through the city, the highway was bypassed to the southeast of Fond du Lac in the mid-2000s via a grade-access expressway.	0
Government jobs have the most tolerant tattoo and piercing policies, but only 8% of government employees have ink or piercings.	1
Giant pandas possess a highly developed sense of smell that is used by the males to avoid each other and to find females for mating during the spring !	1
The largest town is Molde, which also is the seat of Møre og Romsdal County Municipality.	0
Thicke at first appears to contradict his claims that the song is about women empowerment in an interview given to GQ in May 2013, stating "We tried to do everything that was taboo.	0
"After crossing the river, they long debated whether to bring their camp closer to Hasdrubal’s or whether it would suffice for them to delay the enemy’s projected march by launching attacks on Carthaginian allies.	0
The two first kings of Italy are enshrined inside the Pantheon, Vittorio Emanuele II and Umberto I along with his wife Margherita.	1
The very first Apple logo featured Sir Isaac Newton sitting underneath a tree, with an apple about to hit his head.	1
Freddie Mercury moved to Middlesex, U.K. in 1964 due to the family’s safety being under threat in Zanzibar with the revolution of the time.	1
Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.	1
She hails from Las Vegas, Nevada.	1
Suez Montakhab's home kit is a white shirt with blue shorts.	0
In his 1871 work, Der Führer in die Pilzkunde, Kummer raised the majority of Fries tribi to the status of genus, thereby establishing many of the generic names for agarics that are in use to this day.	0
It has been hinted that she came from Singapore on Earth, and was the daughter of a very wealthy family, as the city's famous Merlion Statue features prominently in scenes of her childhood, and that memories and a film from her childhood showed her living in a large mansion.	0
Some fled into the surrounding fields and remained there naked "like wild animals" until the danger passed.	0
Habitat: Stationary water bodies like ponds, lakes and artificial pools.	0
In 2006, Rachman became a law student at Putra Bangsa University, Indonesia.	0
The other five teams were eliminated from Rugby World Cup qualifying.	0
Swedish group Ace of Base had also written a proposed theme song, but label Arista Records pulled the band out of the project fearing the negative impact in case the film flopped.	0
New York’s True Bethel Baptists Church opened a Subway store to employ disadvantaged men and women from his community in 2004.	1
Kathleen Wilhoite (born June 29, 1964) is an American film and television actress, as well as a singer-songwriter.	0
Joseph Joestar from the second arc is one of the playable characters, while Santana and Speedwagon made cameo appearances.	0
Often creating assists for each other, Rocchi and Di Canio had a good relationship both on and off the field.	0
During this time, Nasri and his sister return home.	0
They brought the notion that white authority could only be overthrown through mass campaigns.	0
It was not until 1835 that Congress approved construction of branch mints in Charlotte, NC, Dahlonegah, GA, and New Orleans, LA.	0
During this private screening Presley's mother, Gladys, cried at the death of her son's character at the end, leading Presley to insist that his characters would never die on screen again.	0
Malini starred in many movies throughout the 1970s and is perhaps best remembered for her glamour, style, and accomplished classical dancing.	0
They entered the All-Star Break 44-41, just 3 games behind the White Sox for 1st place.	0
The Gorons in Ocarina of Time use Dodongo hides to make the heat-resistant Goron Tunics, and mine within Dodongo's Cavern, once a Dodongo nest, until it is overrun by Dodongos led by King Dodongo.	0
The last picture taken of John Lennon while he was alive had his killer in the frame.	1
This double album was the first and second of his three-album commitment to Death Row Records.	0
Last Exit to Brooklyn is a soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 3 October 1989 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.	0
Ferreries is a municipality on the island of Minorca, in the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands.	0
2000–01 was Liverpool's best season for many years.	0
^ a b "Eastern Cougar Fact Sheet".	0
with small birthweight and rapid weight gains to weaning.	0
The Crimson-mantled Woodpecker (Colaptes rivolii) is a bird species in the woodpecker family (Picidae).	0
A Peasant Family with Boys Playing, London	0
The books were developed from a Twilight fanfiction, originally titled Master of the Universe.	1
A local undertaker and a member of the Lawrence school board attempted to frame the strike leadership by planting dynamite in several locations in town a week after the strike began.	0
The 1960 film was remade in 2002, starring Guy Pearce as the Time Traveller, a mechanical engineering professor named Alexander Hartdegen, Mark Addy as his colleague David Filby, Sienna Guillory as Alex's ill-fated fiancée Emma, Phyllida Law as Mrs. Watchit, and Jeremy Irons as the Uber-Morlock.	0
Telles, Stella & Leo Wetzels (2006) "The System of Evidentiality in Lakondê (Nambikwara)", in Whats in a Verb?	0
A reindeer’s hoof can adapt to the seasons.	1
Hungarian boiled sausages are called "Hurka", Liver Sausage, "Májas", and Blood Sausage, "Véres".	0
The general elevation is about 1,200 meters, but the peaks of the high ridge known as Jebel Akhdar (Green Mountain), rise to more than 3,000 m. Jabal Akhdar is the only home of the Arabian tahr, a unique species of wild goat.	0
The northern boundary of its occurrence commenced on the coast of the Sea of Japan at 44°N and ran south at a distance of 15–30 km (9.3–18.6 mi) from the coast to 43°10'N.	0
Images were only made for Konbaung kings at their death (if he died on the throne) or for Konbaung queens (if she died while her consort was on throne), but not of a king who died after deposition or a queen who survived her husband.	0
The large ship is disabled by the ensuing blast, and Prisoner 849 escapes into space.	0
Living in the rainforest canopy like many other gliders, gliding ants use their gliding to return to the trunk of the tree they live on should they fall or be knocked off a branch.	0
This is so because the town is located on a plateau overlooking the Tauber River.	0
However, the idea was not quite dead as Midway passed it to their other sports games.	0
The far-flung nature of these attestations may well indicate that his skills as a negotiator were well-known and valued.	0
While horses are now often being replaced in the flatter Outback and Top End by motorcycles and helicopters, they are still necessary today for mustering (roundups) in rugged mountain terrain.	0
Each node in the tree is either a root node, a branch node, or a leaf node.	0
In 2008, Don Hodges found an Easter egg buried in the depths of Atari 400’s Donkey Kong that displays the coder Landon M Dyer’s name on the credits screen after a series of actions are completed.	1
On March 2, 2013, he signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies.	0
Bela Lugusi (Dracula, 1931) was the inspiration for the Sesame Street character, The Count.	1
70 (1977) (music for the Olympic Games in 1980, but not used)	0
Agricultural Research Service (ARS), United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).	0
He demonstrated moderate abilities as a combat commander; his real strength lay in his organizational and logistical talents.	0
Douglas was later re-elected to the Senate by the Illinois legislature.	0
He also owned superb instruments: the Giovanni Battista Guadagnini 1747 violin known as 'Contessa Crespi'; the 1702 Antonio Stradivari 'Conte di Fontana' violin which had belonged to David Oistrakh and is now played by Massimo Quarta; and an excellent Roberto Regazzi instrument made in the 1980s.	0
Lady Gaga does not like kittens, she prefers dogs.	1
Stewie often wished to take over the world, which he did in ‘Lois Kills Stewie’.	1
His son was Iain Camm One eye, who succeeded as the second chief sometime before 1390.	0
Although it only takes the Sun’s rays less than 10 minutes to travel to the Earth, it will have already taken millions of years for them to travel from the Sun’s core to its surface.	1
It takes less than 30 seconds for one of Justin’s tweets to be Re-Tweeted 100+ times.	1
He then married Miriam, an advertising executive who resembled Joy.	0
2011 - An earthquake measuring 6.3 in magnitude strikes Christchurch, New Zealand, killing 185 people.	0
Leopards are renowned for their great strength and can haul a carcass greater than their own weight up the trunk of a tree.	1
By Jaime F. Sales Luisa (Forest Department, Universidade de Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro, 5000 Vila Real, Portugal) and Maria do Loreto Monteiro (Forest Area, Escola Superior Agrária de Bragança, 5300 Bragança, Portugal).	0
Under-15s compete for the Nathan Cayless Cup which is named after Nathan Cayless, the only captain to win the World Cup for New Zealand.	0
During beta decay, the excited 237 U emits an electron, while the atomic weak interaction converts a neutron to a proton, thus creating 237 Np.	0
Politicians from local entities joined the opposition, saying their communities could not be evacuated quickly in case of an accident, as any land evacuation off the island would involve traveling at least back through New York City to reach its bridges.	0
While a group of any peafowl is called a harem, a group of females are known as a bevy, a muster or a party when they are in groups without the males.	1
.aso files are cache files used during Flash development, containing compiled ActionScript byte code.	0
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) stunt player	0
Though rare, sometimes Thai children are given nicknames after the order they were born into the family (i.e.	0
Although there was only 2-3 games to start with on the N64, Nintendo released a whole library of games as time went on, bringing the total up to just shy of 400 games!	1
Notwithstanding, a certain number of Jews appeared to have returned; for complaints were made to the king in 1376 that some of those trading as Lombards were actually Jews ("Rot.	0
On 14th February 2012 (Valentines Day) Austin released his first single called 11:11 to iTunes.	1
When a dairy cow gives birth, this process is called a freshening.	0
Dallas Drake (signed by St. Louis on July 1, 2000)	0
The University of Minnesota is older than Minnesota the state itself!	1
criticized the documentation as inadequate, but stated that "DeluxePaint is a visual arts program of immense scope and flexibility".	0
There are six villages in France called Silly, 12 called Billy and two called Prat.	1
Almost 100 years after Cornwallis marched his army through Goochland, the county was the site of another battle.	0
Gaga is the elder of two children.	1
Bees and house flies flap their wings 200 times a second	1
1915 - Ivan M. Niven, Canadian-American mathematician (d. 1999)	0
The average person spends 6 years of their life dreaming	1
Streator has a continental climate, influenced by the Great Lakes.	0
2,4-Dimethylpentane, (H 3 C) 2 –CH–CH 2 –CH–(CH 3 ) 2 ,	0
[8] The black and red coat colours are caused by the same alleles of the MC1R gene, ED for black and e/e for red, as in most other breeds of cattle.	0
A second (and sometimes third) section of the PHE is added to remove the remaining heat with a mixture of chilled pure water and propylene glycol.	0
Neil Patrick Harris’s signature hair is all thanks to a product from Indonesia he uses called “Tancho Stick Tique.”	1
His very first concert was Justin Timberlake.	1
Cranbrook Academy of Art, Driveway Square, Michigan, 1994.	0
Hoult was born on 7th December 1989.	1
Day, The Hulks by Jeff Koons, Snow Queen by Rachel Feinstein, Robert Towne by Sarah Morris as well as several sculptures by Keith Haring.	0
The fingerprints of koala bear are indistinguishable to that of a human	1
The game was praised for its detailed graphics, immersive sound, and intricate level design.	0
Doctor Dré (not to be confused with the rap artist Dr. Dre)	0
In 2001 the Labour Government removed the RNZAF air combat capability by cancelling the purchase of 28 Block 15 F-16 Fighting Falcon fighters and disbanding the No 2 and No 75 Skyhawk squadrons and the No 14 Aermacchi squadron.	0
Léa Drucker, French actress, niece of Jean	0
The campaign continued in a similar vein, lasting for a total of ninety days.	0
Camels can drink 94 litres (25 gallons) of water in less than 3 minutes	1
Shortly after his marriage, they moved to London, where Stoker became the manager of the Lyceum Theatre.	1
During the weekend of its release, the film faced competition from Heroes, hence it opened to a poor response of 20–25%, which improved two days later to 30–40%.	0
Who put that there?’ The universe put it there.	0
The band covered The Pretenders track ‘2000 Miles’ and donated the proceeds to Future Forests and Stop Handgun Violence Campaigns.	1
Nora finally encounters Victor after her new husband is nearly killed by a robot he himself created in Freeze's image to attack him, hoping to prove to Nora that her first husband was a monster.	0
The age of the Vikings lasted for just under 300 years between 900 A.D. and 1066.	1
Dylan says his favorite YouTuber is Connor Franta, and his favorite Viner is Rudy Mancuso.	1
A year later, plans were announced to establish the British Columbia Institute of Technology on adjacent land.	0
All underground stations on the Kaohsiung MRT system have platform screen doors installed.	0
During the sixteenth century, when instruments were often tuned in meantone temperament, some harpsichords were constructed with the G and E keys split into two.	0
The parade is every year at Laetare Sunday in Maaseik, in the northeast of Belgium.	0
The town was named for James, Duke of York, who would become King James II in 1685.	0
Waves have been recorded with heights of more than , enough to expose the summit and cause devastation to any vessel transitting the area.	0
Here is a flag for you, my brother,	0
growth weaning rate continues in the feedlot, meaning Brangus are ready for slaughter earlier and at less cost.	0
The cartoon parody of Edward Cullen was voiced by Daniel Radcliffe, famous for playing Harry Potter.	1
Nothing remained of Charles' realm except the Danubian and Alpine provinces, and he was challenged even there by the German Austrian State Council.	0
Over 1.5 million people witness the famous Sydney Harbour’s New Year celebration.	1
12.31 May 2012Soldier Field, Chicago, United States 1–02–1Friendly	0
Nicole Frehsee of Rolling Stone favored Swift's performance of "Tim McGraw" at the August 27, 2009, concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City.	0
Letting out all your farts each day makes you up to 50 ounces / 1.5kg lighter.	1
If a free throw violation is assessed in the last free throw awarded to a player in a given situation, possession automatically reverts to the opposing team.	0
The actors who played brother and sister on "Dexter" began dating, fell in love, got engaged, got married, and got divorced, all while continuing to play brother and sister on TV.	1
Sturmstaffel 1 was redesignated 11./JG 3 in May 1944.	0
He is 6’1″ (1.85 meters) tall.	1
When fully constructed, the Space Station will be visible for more than 90% of the Earth’s population.	1
Liam got a Batman birthday cake from his girlfriend Danielle Peazer for his 19th birthday.	1
Ablutophobia is the fear of bathing	1
MATLAB and Simulink Support for LEGO MINDSTORMS programming is freely available.	0
An ‘earworm’ is a song that gets stuck in your head!	1
According to German author Volker Kühn, Heesters did in fact perform for the SS in Dachau concentration camp.	0
FIFA U-19 Women&apos;s World Championship: Winner (1) 2004	0
He was born on 9th December 1980.	1
A San Diego resident learned of the plan and informed higher powers at the state level in Sacramento, California.	0
A world record was set in 2016 for planting almost 50 million trees in 24 hours in India.	1
He tries to, but can't, and the pigs taunt him that it was "a sissy blow."	0
Gabriel Bergen Douglas Csima Robert Gibson Conlin McCabe Malcolm Howard Andrew Byrnes Jeremiah Brown Will Crothers Brian Price	0
In 1897 appeared Joseph Reinach's edition of the Œuvres oratoires de Challemel-Lacour.	0
The local tanners were the only group that formed a guild, beginning in 1485.	0
Liam likes the quiet, shy girls.	1
The same whistleblower also sent a report entitled ‘Special Investigation Goodbody Stockbrokers – Trading in AIB Shares’ to the CBOI, in which questions were raised about the legality of a device used to trade in AIB shares through offshore locations in blacklisted tax havens Nevis and Vanuatu.	0
A Sabellian modalist would say that the One God successively revealed Himself to man throughout time as the Father in Creation; the Son in Redemption; and the Spirit in Sanctification and Regeneration.	0
Leggiero – to play lightly, or with light touch	0
A person working in Google is called as a ‘Googler’.	1
Marvel’s Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.	1
The name Yahoo was created by Jonathan Swift for his book Gulliver’s Travels (1726) – which explained a “yahoo” to be a really ugly person.	1
As of late 2009, this archive had nearly 50,000 digitized books, with approximately 5,000 new titles being posted online every two months on average.	0
David Jackson (rock musician) (born 1947), musician and former member of the band Van der Graaf Generator	0
The Kindlifresser, or "Child Eater", is one of oldest statues in Bern, Switzerland, and nobody is sure why it has a baby half stuffed into his mouth, and three more over its shoulder.	1
Nanking was shortlisted for an Academy Award, won awards at Sundance Film Festival and other film festivals, earned Guttentag a Writers Guild of America Award nomination, and went on to become the highest grossing theatrical documentary in Chinese history.	0
The Federation and the RS governments are charged with overseeing internal functions.	0
In a human foot there are 26 bones.	1
In January 1997, much of the county was socked in a world record-breaking snowburst, with nearly of snow in just a 24-hour period.	0
Dave Gregory - guitars, keyboards, background vocals	0
Subway hand-picks every single black olive they use in their sandwich, rather than the more damaging but less time-consuming process of machine-picking that other brands use.	1
Tim Harris (manager during 2005–2006, previously managed Forest Green Rovers, Cinderford Town and Newport County)	0
Lenny then accompanies Wade to the Rosewood Orphanage to retrieve the girl and is unsettled by the amount of carnage left behind by Wade and his men.	0
In the 1970s, fuel and transportation costs were at an all-time high in constant dollar terms.	0
A ghoul lives in the attic of The Burrow and causes minor disruptions by groaning and banging on the walls and pipes.	0
When water freezes it expans by 9%	1
At the 2006 Winter Olympics, Moyse and Upperton finished in fourth place in the two-man bobsleigh event, missing bronze by five one-hundredths of a second behind the host Italian team.	0
The male equivalent of a ballerina is a ballerina.	1
These restrictions meant that at any given time only about 15 percent of the sky was available to ISO.	0
The International Library of Essays on Military History, ed.	0
The world’s longest place name has 85 letters &amp; is located in New Zealand.	1
13.2 Tm — 88.6 AU — Distance to Pioneer 11 in March 2014	0
Cardinal Quezada was then referred to as Archbishop Emeritus of the see.	0
Over 97% of farms and ranches are family owned	0
Your mobile phone has 10 times more bacteria per inch than the average toilet seat.	1
Sadakichi Hartmann (1867–1944), German-Japanese art critic long resident in America	0
In 2005, the main stages at both Reading and Leeds were made larger, featuring unique cantilevered video screens.	0
Claude Schaeffer, French archaeologist who helped uncover the Ugaritic religious texts	0
In 2004, he released those recordings on an album called Nacogdoches.	0
In the US, there are 2 places known as Santa Claus and Santa, they are in Indiana and Idaho respectively.	1
Bats in southeastern Utah, southwestern Colorado, western New Mexico and eastern Arizona travel though western edge of the Sierra Madre Oriental into Jalisco, Sinaloa and Sonora.	0
The Bumblebee Bat is named so, because of its similar size to a large bumblebee.	1
대상DaesangAt music awards several artists receive Bonsangs for their outstanding achievement in music, then one of the Bonsang winners is awarded with a Daesang, the "Grand Prize".	0
At times, the player will come to a "decision point" where he or she is given the chance to choose from a single or multiple options.	0
(ATP World Tour Masters 1000) Qualifying points changes to 12 points only if the main draw is larger than 56	0
The following year Ukraine met Georgia again for a two match series, again losing both.	0
Alcohol advertising in music videos drew criticism from Curtin University in Perth, Australia in 2011 as a medium disproportionately targeting youth.	0
This led Morgan to ask Morley about the League of Nations: "A mirage, and an old one".	0
Some characteristics of Chechen include its wealth of consonants and sounds similar to Arabic and the Salishan languages of Northern America and a large vowel system resembling those of Swedish and German.	0
Unable to settle with the club he was loaned several times for the duration of his contract, mainly in that country.	0
Four of these have been described in a NGL status report was released in 2008.	0
At the time of the broadcasts, pre-recorded shows were frowned upon by advertisers and audiences.	0
Take of white wax four ounces, oyl of roses omphacine a pound; melt in a double vessel, then powr it out into another, by degrees putting in cold water, and often powring it out of one vessel into another, stirring it till it be white ; last of all wash it in rose water, adding a little rose water and rose vineger.	0
44% of all Bitcoin transactions are associated with illegal activity.	1
Replace "youtube" with "youtubeskip" in the URL and you won't see ads.	1
On 8 August 2009, Delph made his debut in a friendly match against Fiorentina, which Aston Villa won 1–0.	0
In 1869, anxious to be more than a tramp telegraph operator, Edison (Spencer Tracy) travels to New York at the prompting of an old friend, Bunt Cavatt (Lynne Overman).	0
Both Larry Bird and Dominique Wilkins were selected but did not play due to injury.	0
She was voted #53 in the British FHM “100 Sexiest Woman”.	1
He is scared of the dark!	1
Most points in World Cup of Hockey 2004	0
This deprives the glacier of a significant portion of its former ice sources.	0
The fearmongering city of Gotham actually landed its name simply from the writer randomly choosing a jeweller’s named Gotham Jewellers in a telephone directory.	1
It was good to see such a close-knit family."	0
While living in Weimar Germany, Skoropadsky maintained close personal friendships with senior government and army officials originating as far back as his military-college days.	0
Usually the people of the village stay up most of the night on the eve of the festival in order for the arrangements to be ready the next day.	0
He wrote the only first hand history of that famous battle.	0
File:Calculator Adler 81S.jpg|Adler 81S pocket calculator with vacuum fluorescent display (VFD) from the mid-1970s	0
They signed with Parlophone Records in 1999.	1
When Ishmael remarks upon the ill associations of such a name, he is rebuked by one of Ahab's colleagues, who points out that "He did not name himself."	0
He was reactivated on September 14.	0
Das and used to perform some of the first ever helioseismology investigations.	0
Construction of the bypass was subsidized by the Phare Fund.	0
The crest also includes the gold, white, and blue of the state of Louisiana to recall the submarine s name s origins.	0
Blue was traditionally associated with pain in China.	1
| "Clear Skies From Here on Out"	0
Breaching or cresting the surface of the ocean can be seen as signs of courting, danger, dominance and play.	1
The Anglo-Saxons called August Weod monath meaning Weed month, because weeds and plants grew the fastest in August.	1
On February 27, 1932, General Ting Chao, offered to cease hostilities, ending official Chinese resistance in Manchuria.	0
Joshua Tetley Festival Trophy (6) – 1991, 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 1998; shared (1) – 1992	0
A reviewer for the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Thrill of a Romance is all bright colors but the luster is only glaze deep.	0
The game became so popular that the media began to speculate whether arcade games would rot the minds of the players and also coined the phrase (and apparent fear) of ‘Space Invaders wrist’ – which occurred from playing the game for too long.	1
Her nick name is “Nicki The Ninja”.	1
The Rockefeller Christmas tree is topped, as of 2004, with a 550-pound (249.48 kg) Swarovski Crystal star.	1
The framework for Feathertop later was used for a play written in 1908 by Percy MacKaye which ended up going to Broadway.	1
However, Cardinal Amat had considerable success whilst in Bologna in cooling sympathy for socialism in a city that was to become renowned for this in later years.	0
The Party of Sardinians (Partito dei Sardi, PdS) is a social-democratic and separatist political party in Sardinia.	0
His first film role was in The Dark Side of the Moon, in 1988.	1
April 1967 - October 1969, F-105 combat crew member, 67th Tactical Fighter Squadron, later 12th Tactical Fighter Squadron, Kadena Air Base, Japan	0
Applying non-fat yoghurt to a sunburnt area is a natural way to deal with sunburn.	1
After approval of the marriage by Maria's mother, Don Juan Manuel promised to make war on Alfonso XI, until Maria's father's, Juan de Haro, possessions were returned, along with lordship of Vizcaya.	0
"Thou art that" ("You are Brahman")"You are the servant of the Supreme"	0
The Mercury-Mars synodic period is 100.888 days.	0
Honorary Doctorate, University of York, U.K. (2002)	0
Your poop contains roughly 20 particles of microplastic per quarter pound.	1
Falling in love can act as a potent painkiller as it stimulates the brain's reward pathway.	1
In 1995, Graves starred with Charlton Heston, Mickey Rooney and Deborah Winters in the Warren Chaney docudrama, .	0
"A comparative study of the genus Philinopsis Pease, 1860 (Aglajidae, Opisthobranchia)".	0
Miro Rodenberg – keyboards, orchestral arrngements	0
In season five's "Fanatic", Lois takes a job as Jonathan's Chief of Staff when he runs for state senate; she continues these duties when Martha takes Jonathan's place following his death.	0
Thyrea (also Thyraea, Thyreae) was an ancient Greek region, and city in the Peloponnese.	0
Major employers are a shadow of their former selves, Electricity generation at the local power station ended in the early 1990s.The cooling tower and turbine hall have since been demolished.	0
Suddenly, Lizzie comes to him in the dressing room and tells him that she has forgiven him, and prepares him to play and face the fate rather than quit.	0
Despite the lack of any conscious aesthetic in the Bauhaus-inspired style, which grounded architectural beauty in practical, industrial function, the swooping arcs and soaring chimneys had an uplifting effect on modern eyes, a sort of post-industrial chic.	0
In the Broadway production of Equus, Daniel Radcliffe appeared nude and says he doesn’t have a problem with it at all.	1
Okonedo played the role of Jenny in Danny Brocklehurst's BAFTA nominated episode of Paul Abbott's series, Clocking Off.	0
The success of Syberia prompted a sequel, Syberia II.	0
Fresh chilled beef must be shipped in specially refrigerated cars and ships in order to arrive in good condition.	0
After playing strong, independent characters in Aitraaz (2004), Fashion (2008), Kaminey (2009), What's Your Raashee?	0
In 2003, Mesa agreed to a service agreement with United for service out of their hubs at Chicago-O'Hare, Denver, and Washington-Dulles under the United Express banner.	0
In graphics mode, the lines are interleaved and thus addressing is slightly more complicated.	0
Asher denies this, but Blair sends a Gossip Girl blast with Eric and Asher's emails.	0
Self-actualization is a term that has been used in various psychology theories, often in slightly different ways.	0
The narrow 3-17 to 3-14 defeat by Wexford in the Leinster decider brought Kilkenny's championship to an end.	0
The part as the interviewer in (1994) came about after his friend River Phoenix, who originally had the role, died.	0
His duties included obtaining the approval of the City of Detroit to process and dispose of the City’s wastewater.	0
There is a hybrid which is part Cougar and part Leopard known as the Pumapard.	0
A one minute kiss can burn between 2 and 4 Calories, depending on how intimate it is.	1
Benh Zeitlin, Beasts of the Southern Wild	0
Tsar Alexander II gave approval for the founding of the city in 1858, with the city to be named Blagoveshchensk, after the parish Church of the Annunciation and declared to be seat of government for the Amur region.	0
It was traditionally eaten by hand.	1
The city's main football team, FK Jelgava, plays in the Latvian Higher League and won the 2009/2010 Latvian Football Cup.	0
J.K. Rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity.	1
There is a monetary system called the 'gold standard' which fixes a unit of money to a certain weight of gold.	1
In El Salvador, the wood of a guava shrub is used to make hair combs.	1
A pink slip is used as an informal sort of notification which is given to an employee when she/he is being terminated.	1
There are three types of lip pits, which are classified according to their location: midline upper, comissural, and lower lip.	0
The world’s smallest dog was a Yorkshire Terrier, which weighed just four ounces.	1
The Giant Panda lives in mountain forests of southwest China, usually the Gansu, Shanxi and Sichuan provinces.	1
SpongeBob and Patrick enjoy going jelly fishing and blowing bubbles!	1
Later, Spitzweg visited European art centers in Prague, Venice, Paris, London, and Belgium studying the works of various artists and refining his technique and style.	0
È ora Accademico della classe di studi sull'Estremo Oriente della Biblioteca Ambrosiana.	0
On 21 January 2012 the association of quarry agents in the prefecture Fukushima asked its members to voluntarily check the radiation doses of their products to ease public concerns over radioactive contamination of building materials.	0
The following month, another 2–0 defeat, to Belgium in Brussels, preceded a 7–1 loss in Scotland where Sólvá Joensen scored the team's first ever goal.	0
The growth of the tourism industry has expanded and Subic Bay has become an upcoming dive vacation location.	0
0178 178Robertson David Robertsonthree-quarters1893-02-04v Wales at Edinburgh	0
“Commandeur de l'Ordre du Mérite Civil Espagnol” 2001	0
Legend states that he left Volos because of an incident in a kafeneio (coffee shop), when someone played a joke on him in front of others and threw him down from a ladder where he was painting.	0
He then joined Caneros de La Romana of the Dominican Republic for a short stint.	0
It may also be used to express an inability to use the Internet for a time due to "RL problems."	0
There evidently was a Jargon of some kind in use in the Queen Charlotte, but this "Haida Jargon" is not known to have shared anything in common with Chinook Jargon, or with the Nooktan-Chinookan "proto-jargon" which is its main foundation.	0
10 minutes: 两个字 (liǎng gè zì)	0
Autoire is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.	0
80 hectares within the borough are designated as part of the Metropolitan Green Belt.	0
Zanuck was unhappy with Preminger's first cut of the film and insisted it be given a new ending, in which it was revealed Lydecker had imagined the entire story.	0
In January 2010, a writer for CBN wrote, “I wouldn't want to be Senator Bob Casey right about now.	0
Francis Eaton’s marriage to his second wife, Dorothy, maidservant to the Carvers, was possibly the second.	0
Steady Company (1915) (story) (as Julius G. Furthman)	0
Krka Basketball Club from Novo Mesto	0
Although Feeder's commercial success today is far from that of Comfort in Sound, and mainstream radio play is non-existent, 2010's Renegades and 2012's Generation Freakshow have been top 20 successes in the UK albums chart.	0
The trio are very active on social media, and love getting likes and comments on their music videos.	1
In 1509 Henry became king at the age of 17.	1
Kresskala R. Stewart became the first African American to become a member of the Golden Cavalier Danceline in 1986.	0
Men’s shirts have the buttons on the right,but the women’s shirts have the buttons on the left!	1
Fayetteville grew rapidly in the late 19th century thanks mainly to the coal industry.	0
It became the most substantive of the three different manifestations of the wider Christian Inquisition along with the Roman Inquisition and Portuguese Inquisition.	0
Agricultural Research Service (ARS), United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).	0
Sabayon Linux or Sabayon (formerly RR4 Linux and RR64 Linux), is a Gentoo-based Linux distribution created by Fabio Erculiani and the Sabayon development team.	0
George Miller – the person who created Mad Max is the same person who created Happy Feet.	1
Both singles were on the album Poolside, which charted on Billboards 200 chart at #27, and sold a half million copies in the U.S., garnering gold record RIAA certification on October 2, 1986.	0
Ron Swanson’s character on Parks and Recreation is based off a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.	1
The North American walnut sphinx caterpillar whistles like a bird's alarm call to keep predator birds away.	1
The UN recommended steps to ensuring a "way forward" entailed: mediation between national actors, targeted sanctions on the perpetrators, the deployment of traning and protections forces in accordance with the ECOWAS/CPLP road map or the recommendation of the incumbent prime minister and foreign minister for a peacekeeping force.	0
Friedrich von Gärtner - architect, 1792–1847	0
After a season as Mika Häkkinen's race engineer in , he returned to the McLaren test team in despite rumours linking him with a move to Ferrari.	0
In 2000 he resigned after 22 years as club president.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	0
2001DVD Exclusive AwardBest New, Enhanced or Reconstructed Movie ScenesPearl Harbor	0
The tree that chocolate is produced from is called Theobroma cacao which means “food of the gods.”	1
When modeling a dialogue sentence for students to repeat, the teacher not only gives an oral mother tongue equivalent for unknown words or phrases, but repeats the foreign language phrase before students imitate it: L2 => L1 => L2.	0
In 1950 she was brought to St Vincent's Hospital, then in the city centre.	0
On the national level, Chatham is a part of Massachusetts&apos;s 10th congressional district and is represented by William R. Keating.	0
Our white gold jewelry collection is mainly manufactured from 18K gold which is 75% gold and 25% a white colored metal or metals.	0
Psychopaths can only think of the possible positive consequences of their actions, not the negative ones.	1
When French and British forces landed in Thessaloniki (as invited by Venizelos earlier) against Constantine's wishes the Greek people supported the King's view that the Allies had violated the country's sovereignty.	0
Brian Percival is a British film director, known for his work on the British television series Downton Abbey and North & South, as well as the feature film The Book Thief.	0
Turp retired from the stage in 1983.	0
There are two separate and distinct sub-zones: Vinalopó, which extends along the banks of the River Vinalopó in the southern area of the province, where the Monastrell grape variety and red wine production are predominant; and the smaller and newer sub-zone known as La Marina, along the coast in the northern area of the province, where the Moscatel grape variety and white wine production are predominant.	0
As of 2016, Adele held a total of 10 Grammy Awards and 3 Guinness World Records.	1
Inspired by the Domnique Strauss-Kahn affair.	0
Neoclassicism also influenced city planning; the ancient Romans had used a consolidated scheme for city planning for both defense and civil convenience, however, the roots of this scheme go back to even older civilizations.	0
"Now, O bhikkhus, I say to you that these teachings of which I have direct knowledge and which I have made known to you — these you should thoroughly learn, cultivate, develop, and frequently practice, that the life of purity may be established and may long endure, for the welfare and happiness of the multitude, out of compassion for the world, for the benefit, well being, and happiness of gods and men.	0
Calum celebrated his 18th birthday in London, England whilst supporting One Direction‘s Take Me Home tour.	1
The film centers on a "street-smart" drifter who ventures to Las Vegas and climbs the seedy hierarchy from stripper to showgirl.	0
There is also a luxury villa and rural property named in the Victorian High Country (near Mansfield and Mount Buller) in Australia which shares the same name	0
People who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable!	1
Bernard Freyberg, also awarded Victoria Cross	0
Critic Roger Ebert states, "None of it has much to do with the historical reality of the Revolutionary War”.	0
Gastonia is named for William Gaston, member of the North Carolina Supreme Court.	0
It explains the increase in allergic diseases that has been seen since industrialization and the higher incidence of allergic diseases in more developed countries.	0
The Latin name for the tiger is ‘Panthera tigris‘.	1
Dame Kathleen Lonsdale, DBE FRS (née Yardley, 28 January 1903 – 1 April 1971) was a British crystallographer, who finally proved that the benzene ring was flat by X-ray diffraction methods in 1929.	0
It’s scientifically proven that children grow faster in the spring, so you’re not imagining things when your little nephews and nieces seem to be suddenly older by the summer.	1
XMLSpy — XML editor for modeling, editing, transforming, and debugging XML technologies	0
The airport was built next to Idroscalo of Milan in the 1930s when Taliedo Airport (located from the southern border of Milan, and one of the world's first aerodromes and airports, became too small for commercial traffic.	0
And, in February 2008, Andrus endorsed and campaigned actively on behalf of Barack Obama in Boise, Idaho.	0
A newborn baby’s brain grows about three times its size in the first year.	1
Zebras run in a zig-zag pattern when being chased by a predator to make it more difficult for the predator to run after them.	1
In 1825 a manuscript listing a vocabulary of the Baltic Old Prussian language, named the Elbing-Prussian Dictionary ( ), or more commonly in English just Elbing Vocabulary, was found among some manuscripts from a merchant's house.	0
He tries to talk him out of his plan but Andy hears him on the other side of the wall.	0
So, according to Fleury, it is not expanse of land (expansion of the territory) that contributes greatness of the state but fertility and the number of men.	0
Leopards have very strong and gripping claws so that they can climb even a straight cliff.	1
Halberstadt Taube III:Produced by the Halberstadt.	0
Thinking that this sneeze was a favorable sign from the gods, the soldiers were impressed.	0
Only 10% of dogs scratch the ground after they pee.	1
Chiefly inspired by The Rolling Stones, Faces and Billy Thorpe and his 1970s Aztecs, Rose Tattoo's hard-rocking sound quickly earned a devoted following in the Sydney area.	0
In December 1974, the ruling military junta appointed Pinochet President of Chile by joint decree, although not with the support of one of the coup's instigators, Air Force General Gustavo Leigh.	0
In 2000, she played one of the townspeople in the live-action adaptation of How the Grinch Stole Christmas.	0
Hawaii’s state flag is the only U.S. state flag to feature the Union Jack upon it.	1
At 4:14 p.m., Dennis Firestone completed a run of 190.888 mph, bumping Mahler.	0
neuroanatomist Terje Lømo; professor, archeologist Christian Keller, med.	0
Her first album, ‘The Fame’ was written and co-produced by Lady Gaga herself.	1
In Ulrichs' memory, the International Lesbian and Gay Law Association presents a Karl Heinrich Ulrichs Award for distinguished contributions to the advancement of LGBTI equality.	0
22 minutes is actually the average runtime length of a 30 minute TV show.	1
Steven Severin - Bass, keyboards, various	0
Zeitschrift der Arbeitsgemeinschaft der Österreichischen Entomologen 50: 125-126.	0
A fully grown koala can eat approximately one kilogramme of leaves in a night.	1
Eventually, he undertook his first directorial effort in his native country, Hungary.	0
Weapons: Barok Stick, Barok Fencer, Barok Shoot, Barok Byoot	0
1914 - Lída Baarová, Czech-Austrian actress (d. 2000)	0
The Finnish authorities classify a person as a Swedish- or Finnish-speaker based only upon that person's (or parent's) own choice, which can be changed at any time.	0
He signed with the University of Nebraska following the season.	0
the Amazon Basin) have experienced relatively little land loss, but are currently losing habitat at tremendous rates.	0
Time Out London calls it "a shamefully underrated film .	0
The Purple Finch is the State bird of New Hampshire.	1
But dwell in peace beneath the flag	0
Pupils, students and children in kindergartens were incorporated into the accident insurance scheme, which benefited 11 million children.	0
At the 1932 Olympics, the 3,000-metre steeplechase was run over 3,460 metres because an official lost count of the number of laps.	1
Some republics use distinctive throne-like chairs in some state ceremonial.	0
Chocolate ice cream has been proven to significantly reduce emotional and physical pain.	1
Bottom: Series 3 (all 6 episodes)	0
The Democratic Republic of Afghanistan provided troops from its 8th, 11th, 12th, 14th and 25th infantry divisions and from the 15th Tank Brigade.	0
Chudail ( , Devanagari: चुड़ेल), a female ghost of Indian folklore, well known in North India and Pakistan.	0
Leonardo Gigli (30 April 1863, Sesto Fiorentino - 4 April 1908, Florence) was an Italian surgeon and obstetrician remembered for describing Gigli's operation, and for designing the Gigli saw to simplify its performance.	0
At one time Banbury had many crosses (The High Cross, The Bread Cross and The White Cross), but these were destroyed by Puritans on 26 July 1600.	0
"This information he promulgated through the country in the course of his journey.	0
She met her husband Stephen Moyer (Bill Compton) on the set of True Blood.	1
Cubs live with their mothers for about two years.	0
IUPAC – some of the material in ISO 31 originates from the Interdivisional Committee on Terminology, Nomenclature and Symbols of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry	0
Tasneefs or popular urban compositions were often put together for the purposes of dance often in all women parties and some of the more famous compositions like Baba Karam and the accompanying dance is today the height of Persian Kitsch.	0
Before 1991 Twix Bars were internationally known as ‘Raider’.	1
Hitters have only a .154 batting average and .230 slugging percentage against the pitch.	0
Photos show the artist with his head and chest embedded in the asphalt of a street, the roof of a ruined house or the ice of a lake with his legs pointing up to the sky.	0
The two-state solution refers to a solution of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict currently under discussion, which calls for "two states for two peoples."	0
This suggests Methone is composed of icy fluff, material that might be mobile enough to explain the lack of craters.	0
The action was inconclusive, though the Neosho sustained considerable superficial damage.	0
PPR, a commonly used abbreviation in aviation for "prior permission required"	0
They usually hate water, but the Turkish Van cats actually enjoy getting wet!	1
(That’s not quite fair, as we just saw, since Binding thought punishment served the purpose of maintaining state authority.)	0
Breaking it down even more Raichu can learn 2 moves from HMs, 34 from TMs, 3 from levelling up as a Pichu, 17 from levelling up as a Pikachu, 11 from tutoring, and 16 egg moves that come from hours of selective Pokémon breeding.	1
Brad’s favourite movie is 21 Jump Street, which was released in 2012.	1
She was honored as a Disney Legend in 1996.	0
Selena starred in Ramona &amp; Beezus, which was released on 22nd October 2010.	1
Examples include Maria Messina's La casa nel vicolo (A House in the Shadows, 1989) and Laura Di Falco's Paura di giorno (Fear of the Day, 1954).	0
The atomic number of zinc is 30.	1
Woodstock, VT: Countryman Press, 2003, ISBN 0-88150-581-1.	0
It is cognate with the French Foulques, the Italian Fulco and the Swedish Folke, with other variants such as Fulke, Fouke, Fulko, Folco, Folquet, etc.	0
50 Cent lives in an $18 million mansion with 35 bathrooms.	1
On September 11, 1944, the United States Army Air Force released General Operational Requirements for a day fighter with a top speed of 600 mph (521 knots, 966 km/h), combat radius of 705 miles (612 nm, 1,135 km), and armament of either six 0.50 inch (12.7 mm) or four 0.60 inch (15.2 mm) machine guns.	0
Bergolo borders the following municipalities: Cortemilia, Levice, Pezzolo Valle Uzzone, and Torre Bormida.	0
The Imperial Arms of the House of Romanov, with and without background shield, which were restricted in use to the Emperor and certain members of the Imperial Family.	0
Turtles, water snakes, crocodiles, alligators, dolphins, whales, and other water going creatures will drown if kept underwater too long.	1
He pitched six shutout innings in his second start against Cuba in the second round on March 18, earning his first win of the tournament.	0
In 2010 Steppenwolf Productions licensed Glen Bui and Goldy McJohn to perform for Steppenwolf Productions using the name The Magic Carpet Ride.	0
James once got a history book as a present from a girlfriend.	1
Colt .45 – 1957 TV series theme music	0
As of the census of 2010, there were 6,594 people in De Queen.	0
If you were to take a journey to the Sun in a normal airliner flying at its regular speed (about 644km/h), it would take you 20 years to get there without stopping!	1
crossbred Ankole-Watusi cows in their herds to boost the butter-fat	0
He speaks Swedish, French and English.	1
A History of the Art of War in the Sixteenth Century.	0
He remained there until April 1945 when the camp was liberated by the First United States Army.	0
Until they are about a year old, baby blue whales gain an incredible weight of 91 Kg each day!	1
Lays sold limited edition crisps covered in milk chocolate said to have a “salty-sweet combination, along with the texture contrast of warm melted chocolate and a crunchy chip”.	1
Charlie actually took his father Charles to the 2015 AMAs.	1
After most of their career with EMI records, Queen decided to leave them and sign with Universal Music in 2010.	1
It can also readily form shock sensitive explosive compounds, and reacts violently with some fire suppressants, notably with halocarbons and water.	0
Peace was notable for being involved in controversy: an anti-war cartoon, in a December 1968 edition of Billboard magazine, featured a graphic image of a bruised and bloodied Santa on a Vietnam battlefield.	0
Article 17 of the UN Charter stipulates, "The expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly."	0
The Rumen – this is the largest part and holds upto 50 gallons of partially digested food.	0
Consuming pizza once a week can help to reduce the chances of oesophagal cancer!	1
In the same vein, Kesselring supported the Italian declaration of Rome, Florence and Chieti as open cities.	0
On 4 June 1830, this reform was abolished.	0
Drake’s 2018 album “Scorpion” saw the rapper referencing his son Adonis, confirming rumors among fans.	1
From the perspective of a group of onlookers, Taylor, who is holding his prop gun, looks like he has murdered her; he quickly carries her to a bench where he leaves her and flees the scene.	0
The Belverde park hosts 25 prehistoric and Bronze Age caves, such as the San Francesco cave.	0
Blessed Vasyl Velychkovsky (1903–1973) Bishop and Martyr	0
Grasse in France is known as the World’s Capital of Perfume.	1
Generally, lions are calm, quiet and elusive.	0
Lindheimera is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.	0
‘Wildheart’ was originally uploaded to YouTube in July 2013, which later changed it’s name to ‘Wild Heart’ and gained 46,000 views in just two days!	1
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon , and Elvis Presley!	1
Every square inch of the human body has an average of 32 million bacteria on it	1
On January 7, 1919, a strike by an anarchist union with tenuous links to the FORA V in Nueva Pompeya led to a shootout between workers and police, troops, and firemen, killing five.	0
It is similar to the 2002 F4 750 Senna in spirit, but has some changes to the paint scheme and an alcantara seat.	0
An intercity JnNURM bus facility also exists.	0
The released texts incriminated a number of public figures who had previously been defended as victims of McCarthyism by left-wing historians, causing considerable reassessment of the period of the second Red Scare (1947-1957).	0
Reog Ponorogo is also a dance that originated from the district Ponorogo, East Java, which is a visualization of the legendary story Wengker kingdom and the kingdom of Kediri.	0
The Shang Dynasty of China uses bronze regularly.	1
Broché - Gloires et tragédies de la IIIe République.	0
Baston was a CBA All-Star in 2000.	0
In Greece, women are not legally allowed to wear high heels or tall hats in the Olympic Stadium.	1
The operations of WTBS and TBS Superstation were separated in October 2007, with the over-the-air Atlanta station becoming WPCH-TV, a general entertainment independent station focused solely on the Atlanta area.	0
| Inland barges 100-2000 tonnes || 28 || || 26 || 54	0
There were several additions to the jetty.	0
2005 - La Porta Delle Sette Stelle	0
Sarah Michelle Gellar was originally cast as Cordelia Chase but perservered and was evetually awarded the role of Buffy Summers.	1
Studies in North America have also linked cougar disappearance to ecosystem decline and biodiversity loss.	0
Twelve tribes were started after Moses led his people out of Egypt.	1
The lead-off single "Caress" hit number one on the New Jersey and Internet-based radio, flashbackalternatives.com.	0
Peanut butter as we know it todays was patented in 1884 and was initially used as a source of protein for people without teeth.	1
Picasso is regarded as the inventor of the modern art movement known as Cubism, which is a style that reduces subjects to geometric forms.	1
Perez Hilton, Beyoncé, Elton John and Katy Perry are some of Gaga’s famous friends.	1
Ranked 4th in 2012 General Election.	0
Mist nets are very time consuming.	0
In most of the reviews received ALF fairly low ratings.	0
Meyer has stated in interviews that her books try to encompass the themes of love and free will.	1
4.Hong Kong International AirportChek Lap Kok, New Territories, Hong KongHKG/VHHH47,201,00012.0%	0
There is actually no difference between brown eggs and white eggs… they are merely different colors.	1
Kingler mainly eat Shellder for their diet.	1
David Beckham is a very close friend of actor Tom Cruise.	1
J̐ưrgensen, O, C Hvingel, P M̐ưller, and M Treble.	0
There are three main types of galaxies out in space, and they are spiral, elliptical, and irregular.	1
Denver and jurisdictions surrounding the airport are involved in a protracted dispute over how to develop land around the facility.	0
Mayim Bialik was born on December 12, 1975 in San Diego, California.	1
Android’s significance in the mobile market was perfectly realized in 2009 when Eric Schmidt, Google CEO, was forced to resign from Apple’s board of directors due to a conflict of interest and his inability to be involved in Apple’s developments and future plans.	1
Big Fish earned Burton four Golden Globe nominations and an Academy Award nomination.	1
An average sized dolphin can easily jump up to 20 feet above the water surface.	1
India is home to over 200 million cows	1
Saying "I'm tired" when you're actually just depressed and upset.	1
Arthur has been writing and recording songs since the age of 15.	1
In the South 40% of the population was made up of slaves, and as Americans moved into Kentucky and the rest of the southwest fully one-sixth of the settlers were slaves.	0
The use of norfloxacin concomitantly has also been associated with transient elevations in serum creatinine in patients receiving cyclosporine, on rare occasions, resulted in severe hypoglycemia with sulfonylurea.	0
Textualis was used in the 13th and 14th centuries, afterward becoming more elaborate and decorated and used for liturgical works only.	0
Female giant pandas are only fertile once for two to three days a year (during Spring Season)!	1
Buildings that integrate passive energy systems (bioclimatic buildings) heat a building using non-mechanical methods, thereby optimizing natural resources.	0
Even though Justin’s eyes are light brown/hazel, they turn greenish in the sunlight.	1
They usually move in large groups to keep warm.	1
On November 3, 2012, Jahméne Douglas performed the song on the ninth series of The X Factor in the UK, receiving praise from the judges of the show.	0
In a short interview following it on stage with Clyde 1, she confirmed her first single and album will be out in March 2010.	0
The lotus-eaters in Homer’s Odyssey was not eaters of the lotus found in Asia but rather consumed a prickly shrub with a sweet, mealy fruit found in the Mediterranean.	0
The program filmed only thirteen episodes, seven of which never aired.	0
items.push_back(2); // Append integer value '2' to vector 'items'	0
The church of St John the Evangelist, in Church Square, was completed in 1891 and consecrated on 15 April that same year.	0
The Weasley twins in the films are not red-heads in real life!	1
The oldest known vegetable is the pea	1
Turkmenistan was ruled by dictator and President for Life, Saparmurat Niyazov between 1991 and 2006.	1
Barrie suffered bereavements with the boys, losing the two to whom he was closest in their early twenties.	0
California locals never call it “Cali” – they either say “NorCal” or “SoCal” in reference to Northern and Southern California.	1
The remains of the little village of Ceann Ear are clustered around the largest one (Loch nam Buadh), but the villagers used to get their freshwater from a few wells nearby.	0
In a bet with a television show host, she donated the $10,000 to a charity, after shooting a basketball through a hoop.	1
The Backpack Kid’s real name is Russell Horning.	1
An early design of the coat of arms for the Federation of Malaya (present day Peninsular Malaysia) in used between 1948 and 1963 adopted a variation of the motto, "Unity is Strength", rendered in both English and Jawi.	0
Daniel has a fear of guns.	1
Turcopole: A light mounted archer used extensively during the Crusades in the Middle East but also found among the Teutonic Knights in their Baltic campaigns	0
Thinking him dead, Gibson embraces Haley.	0
For example, one bestiary compares stags with people devoted to the Church, because (according to medieval zoology) they leave their pastures for other (heavenly) pastures, and when they come to broad rivers (sin) they form in line and each rests its head on the haunches of the next (supporting each other by example and good works), speeding across the waters together.	0
Zagórze, Kazimierz and Łężyce, which are today parts of Rumia, were originally separate villages, and were joined with Rumia in 1934 to form the Rumia Rural Commune.	0
The population was made up of 332 Swiss men (49.5% of the population) and 15 (2.2%) non-Swiss men.	0
Angered by her husband's unfaithfulness, Lady Windermere leaves her husband for another lover.	0
Louis had a chilly flavoured ice cream in France and said it was amazing!	1
Boomer asks angrily who she should love.	0
Losing finalist 6–2, 3–6, 6–2 to Rosemary Casals in the 1971 Philadelphia Indoor Championship Singles.	0
S 3 × Th Normalizer of a subgroup of order 3.	0
The word “Minecraft” is Googled more often than the Bible, Harry Potter and Justin Bieber.	1
He was Starbucks "Pick of the week" free download in September 2009.	0
"The English Crisis, Emperor Leopold, and the Origins of the Dutch Intervention in 1688," Historical Journal (2012) 55#2 pp 521–532.	0
Neuville-au-Cornet is situated west of Arras, at the junction of the D85 and D83 roads.	0
^ a b c "Mountain Lions in California".	0
The branches of the posterior cerebral artery are divided into two sets, ganglionic and cortical:	0
Spilbergen met the king of Kandy (Sri Lanka) Vimala Dharma Suriya in 1602, and discussed the possibility of trade in cinnamon.	0
These families were vassals of the Date clan.	0
Music helps keep your memories alive.	1
Nash is a Christian and even has a Bible app on his iPhone.	1
Gucci’s Chime for Change project aims to help empower young girls and women and has successful funded over 200 different projects so far.	1
Blue Velvet was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the mystery genre.	0
The FC St. Pauli, VfL Osnabrück, Holstein Kiel, Arminia Hannover, VfB Lübeck, VfL Wolfsburg and TuS Bremerhaven 93 all played all eleven seasons of the Regionalliga Nord.	0
“Time anxiety” occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.	1
1989 - Lecabela Quaresma, São Toméan runner	0
In Japanese, the word for Saturday translates as do youbi, meaning “soil day” and is associated with the planet Saturn (not the God) which is called dosei in Japanese and translates as “soil star.”	1
It is important to keep the cows healthy and happy so they may live long and productive lives.	1
The book also acknowledges artists such as Yoshitoshi and Kiyochika as late masters.	0
Having left Nintendo in 1995, she has worked and continues to work as a freelance musician, composing scores for video games, television, radio, software, websites, and CD-ROMs in Japan.	0
"Money", by The John Butler Trio from the album Three	0
Aided Echach meic Maíreda ("The Death of Eochaid mac Maíreda": a mythological tale of the origin of Lough Neagh)	0
The procession is preceded by a midnight liturgy in the village's Church of St Nicholas.	0
Thus, the queen and her worker daughters would compete for reproduction to maximize their own reproductive fitness.	0
His favorite Italian food is pizza.	1
They used to be found in Uruguay, Guatemala, Belize and El Salvador; but are thought to have been driven out of these 4 countries due to habitat destruction and over hunting for pelts, leather (particularly for horse saddles) and in some cases, bush meat.	1
Ravana, in turn, would later be the nemesis of the Ramayana.	0
The group is widely used in oligonucleotide synthesis.	0
The pair went on to win the 2000 m tandem event at the Australian Championships in 1956, but going into the Melbourne Olympics, nobody, themselves included, regarded them as realistic medal chances.	0
Aaron doesn’t enjoy getting dirty, and would rather stay clean than get himself into any mess.	1
Ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba) is one of the oldest living tree species, it dates back to about 250 million years ago!	1
Robson attended Langley Park primary school and then Waterhouses Secondary Modern School but the headmaster did not allow the school football team to join a league.	0
: "Top managers and middle managers must be bold enough to delegate as much authority as possible.	0
M*a*s*h stood for 'Mobile Army Surgical Hospital'	1
The breach between Muriel and Wood also caused his estrangement from their daughters.	0
When defending a pass or shot players must be at least away from the player with the ball.	0
In 2006, in the Area-51 desert, KFC made an 87500 square foot logo that’s apparently visible from space following a new global re-image.	1
Domonic Monaghan can speak fluent German.	1
23.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.	0
Because Gmail was launched on 1st April 2004, many people thought it was an April Fools’ Day prank.	1
Star: the lady's position sideways with the upper body parallel to the ice.	0
Streetcars ran over the rest of the line to Bay Ridge.	0
and Harajuku Lovers, settling on "Sweet Escape".	0
Queen Elizabeth II gave Tolkien the Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1972.	1
Eevee‘s evolutionary family has the most evolutionary relatives out of any other Pokémon.	1
Often these were collaborations between former gangs, such as Afrikaa Bambaataa's Universal Zulu Nation—now an international organization.	0
In June 2010, Amazon released a "Kindle for Android" version.	0
The show’s two titular characters are based on a pair of characters from an animated short by co-creator Justin Roiland called The Real Animated Adventures of Doc and Mharti.	1
Retrato de Margarita Moreno, 1932, Privado.	0
A community of 600 Sephardic Jews, however, live in Gibraltar.	0
Several months after Street Trash, Darrow was contacted by the film director Martin Scorsese.	0
E. Schwartz, "Duris (3)" in (Stuttgart: J.	0
At 21, Mussolini was homeless and living under a bridge in Switzerland.	1
Walter Raymond, of Raymond & Whitcomb Travel Agency, Boston, and owner of the Raymond Hotel, Pasadena, offered to pay for rail from New York.	0
The 1992 character study by Joseph J. Ellis, Passionate Sage: The Character and Legacy of John Adams, was Ellis's first major publishing success and remains one of the most useful and insightful studies of Adams' personality.	0
The first candy cane was made over 350 years ago.	1
In the 2012 on-line edition of the OED the entry for 'bloodhound' has been brought up to date, for the first time pronouncing specifically on the etymological meaning.	0
The Today Show was the first place that Justin performed Never Say Never live.	1
She hates all things creepy crawly and has an especially big phobia of spiders and beetles.	1
Bronze sculptures, although known for their longevity, still undergo microbial degradation; such as from certain species of yeasts.	0
"Baby (You&apos;ve Got What It Takes)", by Dinah Washington and Brook Benton	0
He spent thirteen months in India.	1
The expedition also made discoveries and observations in the tropical waters of the Pacific Ocean.	0
Oh you lovely little Sweden, I promise that when I return to you my sad face will smile as never before.	0
Bilo Polje is a village in the municipality of Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	0
He did so whilst nursing a broken heel bone.	0
One of his last commissions was the design of the Church of Saint-Roch, where the cornerstone was laid by Louis XIV in 1653.	0
It has an altitude of 11 meters (39 feet).	0
This is usually accompanied by a club anthem such as "Hey Jude" at Heart of Midlothian F.C.	0
The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.	1
In August 2012, he was named the Royals' first base coach after the dismissal of Doug Sisson.	0
William, on his deathbed in 1087, was reluctantly persuaded by his brother, Robert, Count of Mortain, to release Odo.	0
Around 3 quarters of all robins in Britain, either through being unable to fend or becoming prey, die before their first birthday.	1
The Baraita of Rabbi Ishmael (Hebrew: ברייתא דרבי ישמאל) is a baraita which explains the 13 rules of R. Ishmael, and their application, by means of illustrations from the Bible.	0
Michael C. Behrent, "Le débat Guyau-Durkheim sur la théorie sociologique de la religion," Archives de sciences sociales des religions 142 (avr.-juin 2008): 9-26.	0
He had bad experiences with drugs, namely cocaine.	1
Every year, around 450 million pairs of jeans are sold in America.	1
The first measures he took were to lower the income of the president, the prime minister, and other members of the government by 30%, and to make them sign a "code of ethics".	0
Before Union J, George didn’t really have many friends but he said he always had his guitar so he was fine.	1
In different periods, the prevailing technology of the day has had an important impact on infantry tactics.	0
The Whirlpool Galaxy (M51) was the very first celestial object to be identified as being spiral.	1
Abdullah bin Mutaib bin Abdullah Al Saud (born 13 October 1984) is a Saudi show jumping rider and a member of House of Saud.	0
The oval shape appears to have been a practical solution to rectangular crossing bays.	0
Overwork brought upon him a severe sickness, from which he lost in a very peculiar way the sense of hearing: while unable to hear the noise of the cannon of the Bastille, he could hear the scratching of his pen on the paper.	0
Still to be seen are: the oratories of St. Roch (eighteenth-century), Sainte-Anne (1777) (listed as an historic monument), near the chapel Saint-Marc (1709) (IMH ), in a boundary wall of the castle Aiguebelle, Sainte-Thérèse (1629) (IMH), not far from the convent of the Blessed Sacrament, St. Suffren (1825), Notre-Dame-de-la-Rose (1680 ) of the Sacred Heart of Jesus Sacred Heart, Holy Cross, St. Catherine, St. Mary Mother of the Church, and Calvary, in the woods of Taillades.	0
Instance dungeons, sometimes shortened to "instances", are game areas that are "copied" for individual players or groups, which keeps those in the instance separated from the rest of the game world.	0
He is the bass player in the band, as well as singing backing vocals.	1
There are over 47 different species of Kangaroo, with the eastern gray kangaroo, being the most commonly known species.	1
In South Africa, Boxing Day is known as “Day of Goodwill”.	1
He had relations with the nearby Carthusian house at Herne, and also with several communities of Poor Clare Franciscans.	0
One of his favourite bands is Coldplay.	1
In 2015, ‘Wings’ won the VEVO Certified Award for reaching 100 million views!	1
The lotus leaves are used to wrapping other food items and it helps preserve their freshness.	0
The Clock of DreamsCthulhu Cycle Deities1978 novelPart of the Titus Crow series	0
1929 - Joe Gallo, American gangster (d. 1972)	0
This war is cryptically alluded to in Daniel 11:7-9.	0
The municipality (originally the parish) is named after the old Valle farm (Old Norse: Vǫllr), since the first church was built there.	0
On May 30, , he caught Dennis Eckersley's no-hitter versus the California Angels.	0
24 is a common number in records, it’s the age of the oldest cat, the most steins carried by a German barmaid and the time limit for over 1,000 world records.	1
Mathematically, the superconductor imposes electron hole "symmetry" on the quasiparticle excitations, relating the creation operator \gamma(E) at energy E to the annihilation operator {\gamma^{\dagger}(-E)} at energy -E. Majorana fermions can be bound to a defect at zero energy, and then the combined objects are called Majorana bound states or Majorana zero modes.	0
The quark–lepton definition of ordinary matter, however, identifies not only the elementary building blocks of matter, but also includes composites made from the constituents (atoms and molecules, for example).	0
Maulavi Habibullah told more than a thousand clerics and young people gathered in Kabul that "Afghanistan does not have any obligation under international laws.	0
The Packers offered $6500 to sign Starr and he accepted, with the added condition, requested by Starr, that he receive $1000 up front.	0
She was born in Winnipeg, Canada, but moved to New Zealand when she was four.	1
However, the 80286 has 24 address bits and computes effective addresses to 24 bits even in real mode.	0
Apart from the evening meal with his cousin, where every item was shared by two or more people, the only opportunity for poison to have been administered appeared to be in a cup of coffee, offered by Harriet Vane.	0
11 February 1944 14 November 1951	0
The corkscrew was invented in 1890	1
His Snapchat, Twitter &amp; Instagram profile names is jackgilinsky.	1
When she arrives home, she hears Joseph murmur in his sleep "Gott mitt uns," and it dawns on her that her husband is a German spy.	0
The Latin name for banana is “musa sapientum” which translates to fruit of the wise men.	1
After Gandalf convinced Bilbo to leave The Ring with Frodo, he left and spent the next 17 years doing research and searching for answers on The Ring before returning to Frodo.	1
Cyclone walls planted within trees are in place to protect vulnerable areas from storm surges.	0
Moreover, because of the emphasis on aiding rear-seat passenger entry, a longer front door was installed, and because power windows were not installed on the lower trim packages "LX", "LX-S" and as such, the window regulator opening felt heavy.	0
This term has been embraced by Hamas, Al-Aqsa Martyrs&apos; Brigades, Fatah and other Palestinian factions engaging in suicide bombings.	0
The number 30, but separated by two hyphens is used to indicate the end of a newspaper story (-30-).	1
In 1952 USAF Captain Edward Ruppelt, the supervisor of Project Blue Blook, Project Sign's successor, was ordered to reinvestigate the Mantell Incident.	0
Crawford JD, Martinez-Trujillo JC, Klier EM.	0
Frances Hood, and (Ticknor & Fields, Boston, 1860).	0
The game takes place in a world known as LittleBigPlanet, sometimes referred to as Craftworld, which was created by the eight curators.	0
Thus Hussite doctrines and the Czech Bible were disseminated among the Slovaks, providing the basis for a future link between the Czechs and their Slovak neighbors.	0
The decision to decline an application for a grant from Chris Small, a former player who retired due to Ankylosing spondylitis, was also criticised by several of the game's leading figures.	0
In Germany and the Netherlands most towers constructed for point-to-point microwave links are built of reinforced concrete, while in the UK most are lattice towers.	0
“Heart attack day” also takes place on Monday’s when there is a marked 20% increase of heart attacks.	1
On the urging of the Soviet Union, Ho Chi Minh initially attempted to negotiate with the French, who were slowly re-establishing their control across the area.	0
Jan Kuehnemund – lead guitar, backing vocals	0
The South Canadian River forms the northern border, The Washita River flows through the southwestern corner, and is fed by several McClain County creeks.	0
is a 1959 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura.	0
However, Australian historian Alan Frost has recently written that Richardson’s argument that the east coast of Java la Grande was in fact the coast of Vietnam is "so speculative and convoluted as not to be credible".	0
On an average, left-handed people die 3 years earlier than right-handed people!	1
Hummingbirds are the only bird that can fly backwards	1
Dry lotus stamens are often used in the preparation of aromatic tea.	1
The oldest CARIFTA record in the books, though (at least for events still being contested in the modern Games), belongs to a Bermudan, Sonya Smith, whose Under-20 Javelin Throw performance of 53.98m has been on the books since 1979.	0
He was Vice president of BJP, Bihar.	0
of [P] for poll or [PS] for poll with scurs.	0
The song peaked at number 4 on Billboards Disco Top 80 chart in June 1979.	0
It’s believed that robins are able to view the earth’s magnetic field via a special visual system known as magnetoreception.	1
The electric toothbrush was invented in 1939	1
The record for most egg yolks in one egg is 9 yolks.	1
A female Borzoi (Russian Wolfhound) named Nobs, which belonged to Madona Bouglione (the daughter of circus director Joseph Bouglione), was brought to the studio to provide howling accompaniment as Seamus did in the album version.	0
While some, such as the gulper shark C. granulosus, are found worldwide and fished commercially, others are uncommon and little-known.	0
Males had a median income of $32,407 versus $22,622 for females.	0
Abra has the highest Special Attack of all unevolved Pokémon.	1
For some unknown reason, Monvel secretly left Paris for Sweden in 1781, as the head of a troupe of French actors.	0
Originally, the color purple came from a dye made from the mucus glands of a tropical sea snail known as the murex.	1
In 1994, Sperber was cast in a major supporting part in the CBS-TV series Hearts Afire.	0
These names include Mountain Lion, Puma, Panther, Paint, Screamer and Catamount.	0
It extends from Nueva Island in the east to Darwin Sound and Cook Bay in the west.	0
Elephants are the only mammal that can't jump	1
As the local name 'spring messenger' suggests, lesser celandine is one of the first flowers of the year.	1
Le Jaguar is a 1996 French film directed by Francis Veber starring Jean Reno, Patrick Bruel, Harrison Lowe, and Patricia Velásquez.	0
Biting a wooden spoon whilst chopping an onion will stop your eyes from watering.	1
His first novel Han d’Islande was published in 1823.	1
1991 - Lali Espósito, Argentinian actress and singer (Teen Angels)	0
More than 100 million people hold hunting licenses!	1
No associations could be established between serum PBB levels and symptom prevalence rates.	0
It was the first game to save and achieve high scores.	1
Only the critical loads will need to pay the peak energy prices, and consumers will be able to be more strategic in when they use energy.	0
New York Times article on Jerry Speyer of Tishman Speyer Properties and his many connections to Sanford Weill of Citigroup, as well as to David Rockefeller through the Museum of Modern Art and Rockefeller Center.	0
YouTube users are now watching more than a billion hours of videos every single day.	1
The station has two sets of exits on Mihailovskya Street.	0
Rocky Mountain Research Station, Fire Sciences Laboratory (Producer).	0
The male will push a female back with his front two legs, using the tibial hooks to push the fangs back in order to prevent being over-powered and eaten by the female.	0
Acoustic: Official Bootleg Series - Volume 2 features the rich tones of Gogo's 1930 National Steel guitar as well as his 1915 Gibson and a modern day 12-string.	0
Several vice presidents in the Americas held the position of President of the Senate; this is the case, for example, in Argentina, the United States, and Uruguay.	0
The Kentucky Coal Mining Museum is powered by solar energy.	1
Aaron Carpenter is is 5′ 10″ (1.55 meters) tall.	1
A cow has one stomach containing four digestive compartments: the rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum.	1
Mels has an area, , of .	0
Goel was outspoken in his criticism of Christianity.	0
Samwell Tarly is portrayed by John Bradley in the television adaptation of the novels.	0
Infiltration (medical), the diffusion or accumulation of substances not normal to it or in amounts in excess of the normal	0
Leopards have been observed walking 1–25 km (0.62–15.53 mi) across their range at night; they may even wander up to 75 km (47 mi) if disturbed.	0
Twinkle Twinkle Little Bat and How Doth the Little Crocodile are mimicked in the novel.	1
Symphony Opus 275 2009 25 min	0
Since threads can only use one time unit of the round robin in the highest priority queue, starvation can be a problem for longer high priority threads.	0
2009: Free Agents in 1 episode (TV series)	0
The ECSC's aim was to combine the coal and steel industries of its members to create a single market in those resources.	0
There are certain moves that Black is not allowed to make:	0
Jessica DiLaurentis also had an affair with Peter Hastings which produced Jason.	0
Tiger sharks attack their prey from below, and drag them down, drowning them.	1
Janney's first roles on television were on soap operas: she first played Vi Kaminski for a short time on As the World Turns, following up with a two-year role as one of the Spaulding maids, Ginger on Guiding Light.	0
Also, the map of vector spaces M* ⊗ M → K with f ⊗ m → f(m) is also a homomorphism of A-modules.	0
In 1945, CB&Q built the first Vista-Dome coach.	0
Hartley shortly left due to the bands ‘suicidal, sombre music’.	1
Newborn babies of both sexes can produce milk.	1
Ulrich was educated at the Bavarian court.	0
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4,458 persons (27.7%).	0
"The Enemy", a song by Dirty Pretty Things	0
Rubber bands last longer when kept refrigerated	1
Cheese is made from the milk of cows, buffalo’s, goats, sheep, horses and camels.	1
2006-07 World Cup Series: Bronze - Men's Relay (WC3); 1000m Silver (WC4); Gold - 1000m (WC5); Gold - 1500m (WC5); Bronze - 1000m (WC6)	0
Summit Entertainment have created five film adaptations; Twilight, The Twilight Saga: New Moon, The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, The Twilight Sage: Breaking Dawn – Part 1 &amp; Part 2.	1
He is 5’10 tall (1.78 meters).	1
There are also records of seven annual fairs, the earliest of which dates from 1130, and all of which continued until at least the early 16th century.	0
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom	0
Liberalization of trade barriers and a reduction of duties also led to a breakdown in the American apparel industry.	0
Spigelglas returned to Moscow, where he trained new agents in counterintelligence and acted as deputy director of the Foreign Department reporting to Abram Slutsky.	0
A acceptance ceremony for NASA was held at Spar's RMS Division in Toronto on the 11th of February 1981.	0
The word 'almost' is the longest word spelt alphabetically	1
Rugrats and The Wild Thornberrys are the only Klasky Csupo shows to have theatrical movies based on themselves.	0
Albert Einstein was married to his distant cousin; Elsa Einstein.	1
Islam: Beit Ummar, near Hebron, West Bank	0
The color brown can encourage materialism and a want of possessions.	1
Although she started her Big Bang career as a minor recurring character in Season 3, she became a member of the main cast, appearing in 89 episodes from Season 4 to present day.	1
In some countries, jellyfish can be eaten and are considered a delicacy.	1
The classification of this Pokémon is Hermit Crab.	1
"High Sabbaths" are observed by Jews and some Christians.	0
Sheikh Idris Palmer, author of A Brief Illustrated Guide to Understanding Islam , has argued that Muslims should not participate in Halloween, stating that "participation in it is similar to one commemorating Christmas or Easter, or congratulating the Christians upon their prostration to the crucifix".	0
The present tense doesn't inflect by first, second, or third person because its use as a present tense is a relatively recent trend, as this form was originally used as the participle.	0
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talked to each other instead of talking about each other.	1
Fasting for 16 hours will reset your body’s natural sleep/wake cycle and is considered an effective way to overcome jetlag.	1
The cattle were aged 18-24 months.	1
To increase sales, some clothing stores use mirrors with curved glass that make people look about 10 pounds thinner.	1
she also starred in Mysterious Mr. Parkes (1931), which was a French-language version of Slightly Scarlet for the European market, although it was also screened in the United States.	0
There are more than 500 species of carnivorous plants.	0
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
Strong evidence says that at the galactic center (the rotational center) of the Milky Way lies a supermassive black hole.	1
The final film in the original trilogy, Poltergeist III, was directed and co-written by Gary Sherman and released June 10, 1988.	0
In April 2008, the band released their first studio album, , which reached No.	0
391 Municipal District of Provost No.	0
Using archive footage from apartheid-era South Africa alongside interviews from Winnie Mandela, Thabo Mbeki, Denis Sassou-Nguesso and Mathews Phosa, Ollivier (previously unknown and referred to as 'Monsieur Jacques') is revealed as a key architect of the withdrawal of Cuban troops from Angola and a 1987 prisoner-exchange programme involving six African nations.	0
More than 3,200 athletes competed in 17 sports.	0
However, thrifty Albert V, plotted for new sources of revenues.	0
Smits is also a co-executive producer of the show.	0
American McGee’s Alice and Alice: Madness Returns have been successful third person games.	1
A giraffe’s tongue is blue-back to protect it from sunburn in hot climates.	1
Textes, 1880, p. 73 and xxxii, 68);	0
Theodore Roosevelt was the 26th president of the U.S.	1
To represent these new sounds, extensions were therefore created, be it by adding diacritics to existing letters, by joining multiple letters together to make ligatures, by creating completely new forms, or by assigning a special function to pairs or triplets of letters.	0
Norman Saunders (politician), politician from the Turks and Caicos Islands	0
That year brought several shifts to Brazilian literature, namely the work Memórias Póstumas de Brás Cubas of Machado de Assis.	0
The Dingo Fence, built to keep out dingoes, is the longest fence in the world and located in Australia.	1
The main activities of Association Planète Mars are devoted to public communication, through conferences, exhibits, events, media appearances (TV, radio, magazines...).	0
R. nobile is often called a glasshouse plant because of its outer curtain of translucent bracts which pass visible light, creating a greenhouse effect, while blocking ultraviolet radiation.	0
Gorgonzola cheese dates back to the year 879!	1
Duke Red as Himself: A power mad politician with aspirations for world domination.	0
The team started playing in the Liga Paranaense and finally made their way to the of the Paraguayan League in 2000.	0
The newspaper was forced to cease publication in March, and Son Ngoc Thanh fled the capital with a few armed followers to join the Khmer Issarak.	0
In addition, increased urinary levels of phosphoethanolamine (PEA) are observed in most patients.	0
There is a movie called "Rubber" and it's about a car tire that kills people.	1
Oil, tar, natural gas, powdered coal and oxygen can also be injected into the furnace at tuyere level to combine with the coke to release additional energy and increase the percentage of reducing gases present which is necessary to increase productivity.	0
In 1903, inventor Andrew Jackson Jr patented goggles for chickens.	1
Nolan is an ethical vegetarian and loves animals.	0
(source: Discography compiled by Malcolm Walker and Brian Godfrey, available at http://www.hberlioz.com/music/CDavis.htm )	0
However, this entire spectacle is observed by the mutant Toad, who informs Quicksilver about Nitro's destructive abilities.	0
Directors and stars often moved between both forms, and some films could be considered under either banner, such as Massimo Dallamano's What Have They Done to Your Daughters?	0
Olly hates sitting near the window on planes because he regularly needs the toilet when travelling.	1
Glitter was invented in New Jersey in 1934.	1
The median age was 32 years.	0
Crocodiles continually grow new sets of teeth to replace old ones	1
Cats can find their way home even if they have travelled miles away.	1
For low-angle shots particularly in cinematography, short tripods with fixed length legs and no center column may be used.	0
Arachibutyrophobia is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth.	1
Grizzly Bears are also known as Brown Bears.	1
Welsh orthography uses 28 letters (including eight digraphs) of the Latin script to write native Welsh words as well as older loanwords.	0
R D Burman played mouth organ for all songs of Dosti.	0
When we become tired of our desires	0
The DMTF subsequently released the OVF Specification V1.0.0 as a preliminary standard in September, 2008, and V1.1.0 in January, 2010.	0
Long-serving nurse Haleh Adams shows the departing Abby a closet wall where all the past doctors and employees have put their locker name tags.	0
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen were born together on Friday the 13th June 1986.	1
Pepperoni is usually made from pork or beef.	0
Their debut album ‘Meet the Vamps’ was released through Mercury Records on 14th April 2014, which includes their first three singles.	1
Facebook is estimated to spend US$30 million a month on hosting alone!	1
Aulonocara kandeensis Tawil & Allgayer, 1987 (Blue Orchid Aulonocara)	0
Damiel Dossévi (born 3 February 1983 in Chambray-lès-Tours) is a French pole vaulter.	0
Bart’s best friend is Milhouse Van Houten.	1
The populace relies on bows, arrows, and swords for self-defence and to wage war.	0
To find the most interesting books in a library, look for the shelf where returned books are stored before they're reshelved	1
1 collects Iron Man stories from Tales of Suspense #39-50, 197 pages, September 1992, ISBN 978-0785111863	0
He was able to predict but not see neighboring kingdoms of Burma and Vietnam, fell to European colonial rule.	0
Having a queen (instead of a king) was forbidden.	0
30 lines, 12.5 frame/s, 3:7 vertical aspect ratio, vertical progressive scan, ~70x30 pixels per frame, sound, live TV from studio	0
Raticate was classified as a Rat Pokémon in Pokémon Red and Blue, however, from Generation III onward, it is classified as a mouse.	1
Daley won a bronze medal in the 2012 London Olympics.	1
The number 4 is the only number that has the same number of letters in it	1
Air Canada's mainline economy class fare services (Tango, Flex and Latitude) apply to the new carrier with some adjustments.	0
Bishop of the Aleutians and Alaska	0
The Welsh word for ‘Jellyfish’ is Psygod wibli wobli.	1
From 1986 until 1992, she served on the board for Wal-Mart.	1
For Hammer Films he adapted Dennis Wheatley's The Devil Rides Out (1968).	0
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves.	1
William Taft: William Taft was so large that an over-sized bathtub had to be brought into the White House.	1
Additional charges against Rakotoniaina related to forgery were dropped.	0
The is held from 12 to 15 August as part of the Obon festival in Tokushima Prefecture on Shikoku in Japan.	0
Of the more than 1.3 million people who visited the park in 2000, 38% visited Longmire.	0
The Vans #98, the classic slip-on line became so popular that its silhouette has become the iconic logo for the company.	1
In addition, she observed four distinct periods, or "planes", in human development, extending from birth to six years, from six to twelve, from twelve to eighteen, and from eighteen to twenty-four.	0
There were six siblings, including the geologist and Rector of the Technical University of Darmstadt Richard Lepsius (1851–1915), the chemist and director of the Chemical Factory Griesheim Bernhard Lepsius (1854–1934) and the portrait painter and member of the Prussian Academy of Arts (as of 1916) Reinhold Lepsius (1857–1929).	0
In only 18 months, Neistat went from 500,000 subscribers to 4 million.	1
The Sixth SS Panzer Army advanced well short of its goals.	0
August – H. Fox Talbot exposes the world's first known photographic negatives at Lacock Abbey in Wiltshire, England.	0
Novels, plays and documentaries have also featured the horses of World War I.	0
In true outrageous sexism of the 1960s, a book came with a limited edition Barbie; slumber party Barbie in which one tip was “Don’t eat”, the book was entitled “How To Lose Weight”.	1
Leibniz recommended a reunification of the churches.	0
The moon is 27% the size of the Earth	1
It is recommended that you wash sheets every 2 weeks, entire pillows every 6 months, makeup brushes every month and jeans every 4-5 wears.	1
holding spots on the Billboard 200.	0
The conclusion that emerges is again resignation to the inevitability of death but there is no sense of consolation, merely an unconvincing stoicism of a man journeying from nothingness to nothingness.	0
Slash-and-char is an alternative that alleviates some of the negative ecological implications of traditional slash-and-burn techniques.	0
Winston Churchill was the first person to be made an honorary citizen of the U.S.	1
The risk of being struck by a falling meteorite for a human is one occurrence every 9,300 years!	1
Edward Scissorhands also brought in Vincent Price, who Burton considered a hero.	1
For his role of Marcus, he won a Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for the “Best Performance by a Youth in a Leading or Supporting Role”.	1
The device also ships with a news aggregator app known as My Magazine, accessible by swiping up from the bottom of the screen, and an updated version of S Note.	0
There is a common Chinese idiom that states, "The ugly wife is a treasure at home."	1
), The Cambridge Companion to Arvo Pärt (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2012).	0
The stage set was based around that of the widely celebrated "World Slavery Tour" of 1984–85, featuring similar pyrotechnics and the return of the giant mummified Eddie, but also included a lighting rig and cyborg walk-on Eddie based on that of "Somewhere on Tour" 1986.	0
The bodies and boat were of exotic appearance, and have been suggested to have been Inuit who had drifted off course.	0
As per the Shark Tank contract, if you mention the name of any company you own, then Shark Tank automatically owns 5% of that company or gets 2% of the lifetime profits.	1
In another development, Charlie becomes a hero for foiling an attempted robbery at a grocery store but gets wounded in the process, forcing him to take leave from the police force.	0
Episodes: "The Hole in the Heart", "The Male in the Mail", "The Bump in the Road"	0
In her spare time, she enjoys swimming, spending time with her sister, dancing, video editing, still photography and creating original films on her computer.	0
The town is situated at the confluence of the rivers Mūsa and Mēmele where they form the Lielupe River.	0
They have consecrated their best for the good of others.	0
Heide Park was one of three playable real world parks (with Alton Towers and Blackpool Pleasure Beach) added to RollerCoaster Tycoon in the Loopy Landscapes expansion pack.	0
Eterscél1st century BC–1st century AD70–64 BC116–111 BC	0
Robert Yarington – Two Lamentable Tragedies published	0
A part of one of his works opens the "Cat's Duet" or Duetto buffo di due gatti usually attributed to Rossini.	0
Alfredson has expressed unhappiness about the idea of a remake, saying that "Remakes should be made of movies that aren't very good, that gives you the chance to fix whatever has gone wrong" and expressing concern that the end result would be too mainstream.	0
He is the first actor to play James Bond that was born after the series began.	1
Gerardo Alberto Bedoya Múnera (born 26 November 1975 in Ebejico, Antioquia) is a Colombian footballer.	0
An elephants skin is tough, and about 1 inch thick!	1
The several sets of arias with variations are, surprisingly, much more developed than the organ chorale variations.	0
In 1962 it separated from Itapecerica and became a municipality.	0
The roots for this naming of Saturday, lör and lauger are the equivalent of the English word lye, in the sense of detergent.	1
The last of these once-loyal lords were the Clan Douglas, Earls of Douglas who were forfeited in 1455, after the Battle of Arkinholm against the king and a new power emerged in the province.	0
It is important to keep the cows healthy and happy so they may live long and productive lives.	1
Applebaum resigned on June 18, 2013, and Cowell-Poitras again became acting mayor until Laurent Blanchard was selected in a council vote on June 25.	0
Three Guys That Totally Rule (Patrick Bentley and Seth Delay) defeated Adam Roberts and Gabriel (with Jeff G. Bailey).	0
You’re more likely to have a heart attack on a Monday then on any other day of the week.	1
Tael ( ; ) or tahil can refer to any one of several weight measures of the Far East.	0
The team won at Sebring again the following year, this time with a Jaguar D-Type.	0
Later, the two learn that President Snow found their actions as an act of rebellion against the Capitol.	0
Aaron’s mother Becky, is extremely proud of his achievements and often Tweets supporting him.	1
In May 1976, six months after Gough Whitlam's federal ALP government's dismissal, Wran led Labor to victory, narrowly defeating the Liberal Party premier, Sir Eric Willis.	0
The process by which bread toasts is called the ‘Maillard Reaction’.	1
His most notable achievement is reviving and running the science fiction series Doctor Who after a sixteen-year hiatus, with Christopher Eccleston, and later David Tennant, in the title role of the Doctor.	0
La tempête, Symphonic Poem in 3 parts for soloists, chorus and orchestra (1880); words by Armand Silvestre and Pierre Berton after The Tempest by William Shakespeare	0
Belcalis is 26 years old and was born on October 11, 1992 in The Bronx neighborhood of New York City.	1
He is a fan of Justin Bieber and says his favourite song is “Right Here”.	1
Their digging capabilities help them find food to eat – namely insects, as well as small mammals, roots, and fruit.	1
As mentioned above, in January 2008 the government produced a "desk-bound" review of the experience to date of new voting systems in the United Kingdom since Labour came to power in 1997.	0
Significant numbers of them enter the political upper class of society or join the financial elite in fields such as international banking and venture capital.	0
For years the young composer thought he had been born in 1772, a deception believed to be conceived by his father to make him appear younger and more advanced and gifted for his age.	1
White lions get their colourisation from a recessive gene.	1
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.85%) is land and (or 0.15%) is water.	0
The species is native to the Indian subcontinent and adjacent regions of Southeast Asia.	0
Initially, YouTube was created to be a video dating site called “Tune In Hook Up.”	1
She began singing in church at the age of six, as her father used to play the organ.	1
Zayn Malik was a member in the popular British Band One Direction.	1
For special events a photographer will come down from Weyburn.	0
The name originally referred to a rebel tribe which was driven out of the area by the Mariposa Battalion.	1
One of the pioneers of this style was English-born Benjamin Henry Latrobe, who is often noted as one of the first formally trained America's professional architects and the father of American architecture.	0
L 53, Apparition: La lune s'attristait Des séraphins for voice and piano (1884)	0
Clouds fly higher during the day than the night	1
Despite this ruling, a case might still be subject to judicial review since the privilege was intended to prevent certain, but not all, information to be precluded.	0
Austin admits that he enjoys watching chick flicks!	1
It was released properly in France on 4 October of the same year, as well as being released in Poland, Estonia, Serbia, Mexico, Argentina and Hong Kong.	0
Charlie’s mother Debra actually wrote commercials for HBO.	1
Concepción is one of two volcanoes (along with Maderas) that form the island of Ometepe, which is situated in Lake Nicaragua in Nicaragua, Central America.	0
If an Elephant dies, it’s family members take very good care of the bones.	1
In the 1980s, Steen helped lead national efforts to modernize the teaching of Calculus and other areas in undergraduate mathematics.	0
There are over 7,000 different types of apples	1
2008 - Mitnehm (#79 German Top 100) ("Take along")	0
On January 17, 2010, he appeared and endorsed Scott Brown for the United States Senate at Mechanics Hall in Worcester, Massachusetts.	0
In Saudi Arabia, it was aired during the '80s as a daily family show during the month of Ramadan on Saudi TV (Channel 2).	0
// Now the queue is guaranteed to be non-empty, so signal all blocked threads	0
Königsberg was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Kiel in 1905, launched on 12 December 1905, and commissioned into the German Navy on 6 April 1907.	0
Possible ways to deal with these costs would be to build a large number of rockets (economies of scale), employ reusable rockets, In Situ Resource Utilisation, or non-rocket spacelaunch methods such as space elevators.	0
Our needley favourite, the Christmas tree, doesn’t need to be thrown away every year, some parts are edible including the needles themselves which are a source of Vitamin C.	1
The competing teams are the host country, the host country of that year's Olympics and the reigning world and intercontinental champions, minus the United States men's team (if they are the Americas champions).	0
Depending district centers of Aydınlar (former Assyrian-rooted name was Tillo) with its historical medrese is renowned as a religious center and Pervari for its honey based on the particularly rich flora.	0
The first film with a $100 million budget was True Lies, which was made in 1994.	1
Our favourite pudding, the Christmas pudding, was initially a soup made with raisins and wine.	1
1931Jean BorotraBerkeley Bell6–1, 3–6, 6–4, 3–6, 6–4	0
During the 2008 end-of-year Test series, the Springboks moved Smit to tighthead in order to accommodate both him and the younger, faster Du Plessis in the front row together; this change has continued through the 2009 Super 14 season and into the Boks' 2009 Test season.	0
George II of Great Britain, 1683–1760	0
— Evaluated the tank, but did not accept it.	0
The vocals were recorded in a professional studio, and Garcia's performance impressed the band so much he was invited to join on a permanent basis.	0
Abby Normal, previously of Maniac Spider Trash, and drummer R.S.	0
The third edition was at that time planned to come in three forms: BESM 3rd Edition (deluxe), BESM 3rd Edition (standard) and Vanilla BESM, an inexpensive and simplified variant created to introduce non-RP gamers.	0
In the present series, the female:male ratio was 2.7, in accordance with the general choreic population of Britain towards the end of the 1800s.	0
Rudin (Рудин in Russian, ) is the first novel by Ivan Turgenev, a famous Russian writer best known for his short stories and the novel Fathers and Sons.	0
Ranger was decommissioned on 10 July 1993 after 36 years of service, and is at the Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility, Bremerton, Washington.	0
Tommy shows up to Marcus' shop in the form of Sam and Marcus warns him to stay away from Luna, his ex-wife.	0
House of Eric (1156–1250), interspersed with House of Sverker	0
The Democratic candidates held their first debate on August 16.	0
Some types of livestock are: cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and chickens.	1
The NCAA banned the slam dunk from all basketball contests between 1967 and 1976, making for some boring games with players exhibiting boring skills like fundamentals.	1
At his audition for The Office, John Krasinski told someone he was nervous about the producers ruining the show because of how great the British version was – little did he know, the person he was talking to was the show’s executive producer.	1
The high-elevated Zagros Mountains surrounds it from South East to North West and the peaks are covered with snow most of the times.	0
And the more fences there are, the more he hates them."	0
Assuming that optical aberrations in the whole optical set-up are negligible, the resolution d, can be stated as:	0
Although terrestrial, pumas can swim and climb trees when they need to.	1
Land area km² (sq mi)Water area km² (sq mi)Water %	0
Janssen worked with his parents as a youth, digging the heavy ground of the western Netherlands to excavate foundations for the buildings the family firm erected.	0
Habronattus tarsalis (Banks, 1904) — USA, Hawai&apos;i	0
Hope Powell became the team's first full-time head coach in July 1998, succeeding Ted Copeland.	0
The band Big Star wrote a song called 13.	0
These kind of "website standard information" are supplied by technologies like web template systems.	0
Neuhof, the German name for Bogda Commune, Timiş County	0
2 times AFC Champions League Champions: 2001 and 2002	0
Added to this was the fact that Pansa was married to Fulfia, the daughter of Quintus Fufius Calenus, who was a key supporter of Antonius.	0
According to him, the project then "went away," though a song was written regardless.	0
For a complete list of these novel therapies and their associated target symptoms, follow the link below to the Informahealthcare website.	0
Everybody produces large quantities of saliva, and during the average lifetime, a human will have produced around 25,000 quarts of saliva, which is enough to fill two swimming pools!	1
In Thailand, YouTube was blocked for 5 months in 2007 due to a 44 second video that showed pictures of the king being defaced.	1
Michael has said that he can’t live without his computer, although who can these days!	1
Jaymi has been in a relationship with Olly Marmon since 24th January 2010.	1
Instead they hoped to strangle Britain's economy through success in the Battle of the Atlantic and Battle of Britain.	0
Wealthy Victorians grew lemons trees in their homes as a sign of prestige and to be a fragrant.	1
On 19 June 2011, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed resigned from his position as Prime Minister of Somalia.	0
All 3 movies of the Lord of the Rings trilogy: The Fellowship of the Ring(2001), The Two Towers (2002), and The Return of the King(2003) were filmed simultaneously!	1
Galeichthys species are predominantly marine species distributed in Southern Africa and northwestern South America.	0
Many bands from all genres of heavy metal have covered the album's songs throughout the years, including tribute albums as well.	0
On 31 August 2011, his contract with RSC Anderlecht was terminated by mutual agreement.	0
The books are classed as young adult, fantasy and romance.	1
In his final season, he recovered three fumbles.	0
The team achieved the best season in its history at the time, finishing with 54 victories compared to only 28 losses, and making it back to the playoffs.	0
When the first Giant Anteaters were bought back to Europe in the 1700’s, scientists at the time believed that all Giant Anteaters were female and that their long snouts were used for mating.	1
at the Fales Library of New York University	0
Another Place by Mehdi Karampoor (2003)	0
The average bank teller loses $250 every year	1
The Vauxhall Bridge Company ran into financial difficulties and was unable to raise more than the £300,000 stipulated in the 1809 Act, and a new Act was passed in 1812 permitting the Company to build a cheaper iron bridge.	0
Komondors are related to the Pulis, are descended from Russian stock, and may be among the oldest of the dog breeds.	1
In a small, vine-covered room, the two find the body of the young archaeologist as well as her broken phone.	0
NASA in 2014 had a lawsuit filed against them by author Rhawn Joseph as they didn’t investigate potential alien life when a rock weirdly appeared in front of the Mars opportunity Rover.	1
In Nepal, Saturday is the last day of the week and is the only official weekly holiday.	1
Loss of PIE d (but not other dentals) in a number of words when not followed by a PIE front vocalic.	0
The Kanheri Caves ( Kānherī-guhāḥ) constitute a group of rock-cut monuments that are located north of Borivali on the western outskirts of Mumbai, India.	0
The Ancient Greeks may have been influenced by this, as they associated wolves with their own sun god Apollo.	0
From the : (About our name) Enter the dandyhorse ~ The bicycle may have revolutionized transportation and contributed to improved manufacturing processes, better roads, women’s emancipation and the growth of consumerism, tourism and professional sport, but for many cyclists it is the bicycle’s inescapable public presence that makes it so irresistible.	0
The median income for a household in the city was $23,709, and the median income for a family was $31,979.	0
If everything in the world's oceans were sold, they would be worth around $24 trillion (£15.7tn; €21.2tn).	1
Drones are becoming more and more popular for weddings, giving the couple a 360 view of their big day.	1
C 2 H 6 Odimethyl ether115-10-6	0
Gaps in the tracks of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity spell "Jet Propulsion Laboratory" in morse code as it moves.	1
The English name Friday comes from the Old English Frīġedæġ, meaning “Day of Frige.” This is as a result of the Old English goddess Frigg (an Anglo-Saxon interpretation of the Norse goddess Freya) being associated with the Roman goddess Venus.	1
Credits for Trauma adapted from liner notes.	0
To obtain equipment from Japan’s domestic development, production and research efforts.	0
The Phoenix family is still a presence in Gainesville with Rain Phoenix's band Papercranes and Liberty Phoenix's store, Indigo.	0
Hulk does this, but must kill some of the contaminated Enclave soldiers when the smaller bombs go off.	0
Bart once died in the episode Bart Gets Hit By a Car, but was told to return to life by Satan.	1
When faced with important undertakings, these groups would come together into a small number of tribes, entirely independent in terms of religious, political, and militaristic views, but which all recognized a supreme king, their chief.	0
It applies data warehouse technology in order to aggregate transaction information, to merge the information with CRM solutions, and to provide KPI (key performance indicators).	0
These fisheries have high rates of discards of undersized haddock, up to 50% of the catch in weight.	0
Point-to-point teleportation at the speed of light is possible with transfer booths (on Earth) and stepping disks (on the Puppeteer homeworld); on Earth, people's sense of place and global position has been lost due to instantaneous travel; cities and cultures have blended together.	0
HER2 is a member of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR/ERBB) family.	0
They were held at Boumdeid under poor conditions until 17 January 1999, when they were released; they were subsequently acquitted of inciting intolerance and acts likely to breach public order in March 1999.	0
Richard Gordon Swan is an American mathematician who is known for Swan&apos;s theorem and the Swan representation.	0
Yves Ryan (28 February 1928 – 2 February 2014) was a Canadian politician in the province of Quebec.	0
The juggling act that featured in America’s first ever circus was done by Englishman John Bill Rickets, who juggled on horseback whilst none other than George Washington watched on!	1
Anne Frank's story has become symbolic of the scale of Nazi atrocities during the war, a stark example of Jewish persecution under Adolf Hitler, and a dire warning of the consequences of persecution.	0
Approximately 300 cars were built (estimated to be 60 of the Series III, 30 of the Series III 1800, 128 of the 1800S and 78 of the MkIV) before being replaced by the Vixen.	0
Gorillas sleep 14 hours a day	1
In July 2015, Nash Grier visited Hawaii for the first time.	1
The 'Artists' icon on the iPhone music app menu bar is a silhouette of Bono from U2.	1
They also traveled through historic cities and villages, including St. Gall, Lucerne, Schwyz, Interlaken, Thun, Fribourg, and Lausanne.	0
Anderson spent the remainder of the 2012 season on the disabled list with an oblique strain.	0
« La conscience et l’erreur », Communio 18, July 1993, p. 23–35.	0
CD’s (Compact discs) read from the inside to the outside edge, which is the reverse of how records work.	1
The disadvantages of electronic are a lack of face time that many participants are used to and a need for the availability to unfailing technology.	0
Long lines can be seen by side scrolling.	0
[58] The term "black panther" is used colloquially to refer to melanistic individuals of other species, particularly jaguars and leopards.	0
The new building was on the edge of the Tiergarten.	0
Conservative author William F. Buckley, Jr. wrote an obituary of White in the National Review in which he described that "conjoined with his fine mind, his artist's talent, his prodigious curiosity, there was a transcendent wholesomeness, a genuine affection for the best in humankind."	0
His Twitter handle is @Haliggan – his profile was created 25th April 2010.	1
As all Android users know, most apps are usually free but the average price seems to be just $0.06.	1
They estimated the Canal would be unusable for at least six months following a successful attack on the locks.	0
The Guru took him inside a tent.	0
First stable version of ImpressPages came out in 2009.	0
Thus the breed does well in its more northerly settings such as Scotland and Canada, where winters are severe, not only in regard to cold but also high winds.	0
19400917 September 17, 1940 ( September 17, 1940 )	0
W 6–7 (6–8) , 7–6 (7–5) , 6–3	0
The APHCC now hosts over 1,000 volunteers each year working on a wide variety of projects: from planting bulbs to resetting tombstones to pruning trees, adopting and landscaping individual plots, providing research, and writing a quarterly newsletter.	0
It is believed that during the medieval period some members of the Bisen Malla migrated into Nepal where they are even today known as "Malla Rajas".	0
Sponsored by Mainichi Shimbun, the Honinbo pays out ¥32 million ($415,000 (as of 2 October 2011)).	0
However Henry has not considered that it is customary for the French to eat a long evening meal.	0
Libby Lenton Melanie Schlanger Shayne Reese Jodie Henry3:35.48 CR	0
Texas Longhorns offer numerous benefits: (1) reproductive	0
Over half of American pet owners will buy gifts for their furry friends this Christmas, spending an overage of $46.	1
Asahi Shimbun, Asatsu DK, and Nihon Ad Systems have their headquarters in Tsukiji.	0
On the 7th of October 2010 Fortune magazine ranked her the 6th most powerful woman in the world.	0
The glacier has its main calving front in Geikie Lake and like its neighbor, Grey Glacier, it has been significantly retreating for the last years.	0
In the 1940s, Vladimir Haensel, a research chemist working for Universal Oil Products (UOP), developed a catalytic reforming process using a catalyst containing platinum.	0
In 2008 Dr. Pepper offered to give everyone a free drink, if Guns ‘N’ Roses would release their album “decade-in-the-works”.	1
667 (Tenji 6): Six years after the death of Empress Saimei, her mausoleum was reconstructed.	0
The absence of an adjective leads to Elcmar losing the Brugh to Oengus.	0
Instead, cows are artificially inseminated with bull semen that is stored kept frozen in liquid nitrogen, and is "bred" by a person who artificially inseminates cows for a living.	0
In 1841 Douglas was charged with the duty of setting up a trading post on the southern tip of Vancouver Island, upon the recommendation by George Simpson that a second line of forts be built in case the Columbia River valley fell into American hands (see Oregon boundary dispute).	0
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio and was known for providing the voice of Furby in English and five other languages.	0
In 2018, a banana plant hidden in a Yorkshire van hire company’s office actually started to sprout fruit after being dormant for an entire decade.	1
In America, pumpkin pie is a traditional Thanksgiving dish, but it can be used in many more recipes, such as lasagne, pasta and soups.	1
That same year, in 1982, Miura enrolled in an artistic curriculum in high school, where he and his classmates started publishing their works in school booklets, as well as having his first dōjinshi published in a fan-produced magazine.	0
McCulloch v. Sociedad Nacional de Marineros de Honduras,	0
"Result sheets were only displayed at 29 per cent of rural polling stations observed and 36 per cent of urban polling stations observed at the completion of counting.	0
Although Beethoven had 6 other siblings, four of them died during his lifetime.	1
File:Archimedes (Graphik).gif|Archimedes (c. 287 – c. 212 BCE): described buoyancy, developed formulae for the areas and volumes of spheres, cylinders, parabolas, worked extensively with levers, invented the Archimedes&apos; screw, developed siege engines for warfare to impede the Roman invasion of Syracuse.	0
Eagle feathers are in high demand across North America, but it is illegal to hunt or kill eagles and get them.	1
The squadrons of the 15 TFW were assigned to the historic wing: the 45th, 46th, and 47th Tactical Fighter Squadrons.	0
Newman was discarded from the permanent party.	0
Of the top 20 most watched TV broadcasts in the United States, 19 were Super Bowls, and the other was the 1983 finale of M*A*S*H.	1
In 1920, Alexandria County was renamed Arlington County to distinguish it from the neighboring independent City of Alexandria and in 1929, Alexandria annexed all of Arlington County south of Four Mile Run to the current boundary along Quaker Lane.	0
Lincoln said he had difficulties sleeping after the scene where he had to take Hershal’s (Scott Wilson) leg off with an axe.	1
The stratum of Lono is gone,	0
Mepacrine (INN; also called quinacrine in the United States and Atabrine (trade name)) is a drug with several medical applications.	0
Another Gay Movie (2006) (screenplay) (story)	0
The Swiss Lake feeds the Cascade and the Emperor Lake feeds the Emperor Fountain.	0
The German satirical weekly Kladderadatsch devoted a poem to the dinosaur:	0
You can run over a golf ball with a steamroller and still not damage it.	1
When the first stone blocks were laid down at the Potsdamer Platz in the early hours of August 13, US troops stood ready with ammunition issued and watched the wall being built, stone by stone.	0
Davidovich was born in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, into a family of musicians and began studying piano when she was six.	0
Battleground went Platinum in the UK.	1
This continues the next few days, and Mac's aunt confronts the bus driver, asking why he was "denying 'edumacation.'"	0
In 2008, Luis Miguel's album Navidades became the first Christmas album ever being nominated in the Grammy in the category of Pop.	0
He walked five of the first eleven batters he faced but settled down to allow just one run in five innings to pick up the win.	0
The following season, he earned a spot on Boston's roster.	0
There are twelve semi-professional Italian clubs that play in the National Championship of Excellence, four of which qualify to play in the European Challenge Cup.	0
The look of the series is substantially more stylized than most modern first person shooters with character models and expressions emphasizing more cartoon-like qualities and comic book-inspired design.	0
Astronauts left mirrors on the moon so that laser beams can be bounced off of them from Earth to measure the distance with precision.	1
One-third of the population of China can't speak Mandarin, the country's official language.	1
You can’t hear phone conversations in noisy rooms – The brain can’t distinguish background noise from the voice on the phone.	1
When you reach the age of 12, you can legally watch a 12 certificate film.	1
Cubs live with their mothers for about two years.	0
The Lawspeaker, elected for three years at a time, presided over the assembly and recited the law of the land.	0
After five weeks on the chart, "And Then We Kiss" reached a peak of 15, on the chart issue dated March 25, 2006.	0
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Van der Valk (1 episode, 1977)	0
The dollar was established as the official currency of the US in 1785	1
Flo Rida – Mail On Sunday	0
The cleanest air and water on earth can be found in Tasmania.	1
"L'Armamento dei Velivoli della Regia Aereonautica" (in Italian).	0
Turkey feather fibres are blended with nylon and spun, whereupon they can be used for knitting.	1
This municipality is isolated from major population centers and suffers from drought and poor soils.	0
One Direction announced their debut UK tour, which sold out within 12 minutes of release!	1
Because it is able to slip through walls, people think that Haunter is from another dimension.	1
At the end of 1998–99, the Premiership would have three Champions League places.	0
This drew nearly 3,000 British troops within reach of the French guns, which inflicted significant damage with only a single French death.	0
Carter Reynolds is 5’8″ tall (1.73m).	1
| 10 || 1 || 21.0 || .381 || .417 || .600 || 3.2 || 1.4 || .3 || .5 || 5.4	0
Extreme points are the geographic points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location in the country.	0
I. London (Taylor & Francis), 448 pp.	0
After World War II, he took on official tasks, that of an Austrian general commissioner with the Venice Biennale and a membership in the art senate.	0
Thornbills have short, sharp bills adapted for feeding from flowers with short corollas and piercing the bases of longer ones.	0
Formed when the Republic of Geneva was annexed into the First French Empire.	0
The big break for Russell came from dancing with Katy Perry during her SNL performance of “Swish Swish.”	1
On average, 97 chickens are killed every 0.05 seconds worldwide.	1
36 Ball made with an inflated pig&apos;s bladderInflating a pig's bladder to create a balloon	0
In 1994, nuns returned to the convent, which is currently under the authority of the Metropolitan of Krutitsy and Kolomna.	0
The five pairs of gill slits are short, with the fourth and fifth pairs over the base of the pectoral fins.	0
Paul Stevens (January 17, 1921 in Los Angeles, California – June 4, 1986 in New York, New York) was an American film and television actor.	0
2002-2006 &mdash; Academic Dean, John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University	0
The links between nodes can be implemented using some standard network protocol (for example Ethernet), using bespoke network links (used in for example the Transputer), or using dual ported memories.	0
The cow’s milk is stored in the bulk tank where it is kept cool and fresh.	0
The Spanish National Commission for the Protection of Nature endorsed the Iberian Lynx Ex Situ Conservation Breeding Program to serve as a "safety net" by managing the captive population and also to "help establish new Iberian lynx free-ranging populations through reintroduction programmes."	0
Before Orange Is the New Black, Jacke Cruz, who plays Flaca (the one with the eyeliner) spent her time making appearances on Courtney And Chloe Take Miami.	1
Joseph Perry, Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago	0
Buffalo County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.	0
She has been named one of Time magazine’s ‘World’s 100 Most Influential People’.	1
The series was introduced into the UK in 1989 and even after the 1721 cc cars had been replaced at the top level a club-level series for them continued in parallel with the more ambitious 2.0 series.	0
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!	1
Then she called to the Internal Affairs Department of Ferghana region and expressed her will to succumb to the authorities in return of abatement of persecution and pressure.	0
When giving birth, most Ewes give birth to twins.	1
Elected in 1919, reelected in 1924, 1928, 1932, 1936.	0
Justin Bieber gets about 6 hours of sleep each night because of his busy schedule.	1
When Liam was four years old, he used to sleepwalk.	1
Among pediatric care centers, UCSF Children's Hospital ranked no.	0
Zayn loves the Harry Potter books.	1
The worlds largest wind turbine takes just one spin to power the average home for a day.	1
The “Who Shot Mr. Burns” competition didn’t have a winner in the end since nobody guessed correctly.	1
Heapsort is a much more efficient version of selection sort.	0
Johnny Galecki lived on his own in Burbank, California by age 14.	1
Jerold T. Hevener (30 April 1873, date of death unknown) was an American film actor and director.	0
Partly because it was the first film that touched the subject since the 1920s silent era.	0
PV solar panels made from low-cost photovoltaic cells or PV-cells which have first been concentrated by a Luminescent solar concentrator-panel are also a good option.	0
Some of Whitaker's collection of Tunisian birds are in the Natural History Museum, London.	0
Controversy surrounds the breakout before the last stand—which various writers have posited might have actually been desertion—and a box of gold sovereigns, which a Matabele inDuna (leader) later claimed had been given to two unidentified men from Forbes' rear guard on 2 December, along with a message that Lobengula admitted defeat and wanted the column to stop pursuing him.	0
Sheep prefer to drink from running water, instead of water from a trough.	1
In 1853 Proserpina or Asteroid 26, named after the Roman goddess was discovered.	1
He was born in Leiden as the son of Frans van Mieris sr. and brother of Jan van Mieris.	0
Five months later, the two met again in Biarritz in a regular season match.	0
Twerk, Selfie and Bitcoin have just been added to the Oxford Dictionary Online.	1
The Fichtel Mountains became the local mountain range (Hausgebirge) for (West-)Berliners who, unable to holiday in East Germany, were able to get there on the transit route of the A 9 motorway.	0
The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year	1
He first gained attention in the US for his role in the West Coast production of Rajiv Joseph’s 2006 play Huck &amp; Holden.	1
The nightclub area transforms into "districts" representing different cities and countries of Europe.	0
It is now seat of the Patronage Office for Tourism and Handicraft of the province.	0
The validity of the treaties of Westphalia (1648), Roskilde (1658) and Copenhagen (1660) was confirmed, and Christian Albrecht restored in Holstein-Gottorp.	0
Any other information must be deduced from the poems' themes, as there is neither a definite authorial attribution within them nor any 'tradition' as to the author's identitity (as with Langland and Piers Plowman).	0
After a male bee mates with the queen, his penis breaks off and he dies	1
Pythagorean-hodograph quintic transition curves of monotone curvature.	0
LOAD ( C, r d ) ; C → r d , C is any integer	0
He often got in trouble while on the set of Harry Potter for scratching the scar off his forehead.	1
When he was 15, Dasan was introduced to the writings of Seongho Yi Ik by one of his descendants, Yi Ga-Hwan (李家煥, 1742–1801) and his brother-in-law Yi Seung-hun (李承薰, 1756–1801) and he was deeply impressed, resolving to devote his life to similar studies.	0
Dáibhí Ó Cróinín (1995), Early Medieval Ireland 400–1200, Longman	0
The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.	1
The roads in India are capable of being wrapped around the world almost 120 times.	1
It led to a spinoff TV series in 2003, Karen Sisco.	0
Some of the species are known as kusmalva (meaning, roughly, "coastal geranium") in Afrikaans.	0
The Slowbro isn’t very bright or smart, but will become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down.	1
NASA’s Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite (LCROSS) declared that they have found evidence of significant amounts of water on the Earth’s Moon.	1
In an interview with Tristan, he revealed that ‘She Was The One’ was one of the first songs they wrote as a band and it felt like a real achievement once it was finished.	1
In 1999, the following institutions existed in Strullendorf:	0
There have been many adaptations of Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland, including two Disney films; one fully animated, and the other by Tim Burton.	1
Such problems are tested for, and if caught in time, can be neutralized.	0
Although she was contractually bound to make one more film for producer Ray Stark (Fanny Brice's one-time son-in-law), Streisand balked at doing the project.	0
Lamb has the lowest cholesterol of all the red meats.	1
In April 2018, Cardi B went on Saturday Night Live where she revealed she was pregnant with her fiancé Offset.	1
The remaining quintet of Kerr, Burchill, MacNeil, Forbes and McGee—generally considered as the first serious line-up of Simple Minds—began rehearsing the set of Kerr/Burchill-written songs which appear on their début album.	0
In December 2009, Steven A. Cohen and his brother Donald T. Cohen were sued by Steven's ex-wife Patricia Cohen for racketeering and insider trading charges.	0
Limiting energy usage and emissions from transportation (walking, using bicycles or public transport, avoiding flying, using low-energy vehicles), as well as from buildings, equipment, animals and processes.	0
Justin Bieber weighed 7 pounds 11 ounces when he was born.	1
The species is also native to north-western Iran, northern Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, northern Israel near the ancient city of Tel Dan and northern and western Galilee, and the Mount Carmel area.	0
Erörterungen an Hand des Werkes zweier Jenenser Theologen.	0
U.S. families collectively lose out on at least $20.6 billion annually due to the lack of paid family and medical leave in the U.S.	1
His first move was to send a punitive expedition, but the forces were heavily defeated in the Battle of Trancoso in May.	0
Louis Molloy, is an expert in parallel and straight lines and other difficult shapes, and has tattooed David Beckham.	0
The first ever own goal in hockey arrived during Round 1.1, when Atletic Terrassa's Xavi Ribas accidentally deflected into his own goal during their match against Reading HC of England.	0
There are 70 million sheep in New Zealand (with 4 million people)	1
On Northey Island, many round barrows, contemporary with Flag Fen, were found.	0
He made his first appearance against Finn Harps in the opening game of the season.	0
Unicorn Variations won the 1984 Locus Award (collection) and the 1984 Balrog Award (collection/anthology).	0
However, the war ended before attack plans could be executed.	0
JLS won the awards for British Breakthrough and British Single (Beat Again) at the 2010 BRIT Awards.	1
Daddy longlegs have penises, which technically makes them not a spider.	1
Amber colored rear turn signals are statistically proven to reduce collisions by about 28%.	1
Fuji Pacific Alloy Co., Ltd. established.	0
Blair was a Junior Kiwi in 2002 and 2003.	0
With Michael's turning and the death of Viktor at Selene's hands, his will is seen through regardless.	0
On December 11, 1976, de Hory's live-in bodyguard and companion, Mark Forgy, informed him that the Spanish government had, after lengthy negotiation, agreed to turn Elmyr over to the French authorities.	0
Long a national centre of education, Djibouti City is home to many elementary and high schools.	0
Kazimierz de Rostwo-Suski Tadeusz Komorowski Kazimierz Szosland Karol von Rómmel	0
Lockyer, Herbert, All the men of the Bible, Zondervan Publishing House (Grand Rapids, Michigan), 1958	0
Built in the 14th century by the Visconti family, now ruined.	0
Fellow and tutor in Modern History at Merton College, Oxford, where he produced a number of important works.	0
New York: Ships and Aircraft, 1946.	0
Leather products like handbags or shoes can be polished with the inside of a banana skin, simply rub it on and wipe off with a cloth.	1
In 1980 Hensley left the band, unhappy with the musical direction they had chosen.	0
Their skin can come in a variety of arrangements, allowing them to blend in with the environment as effective predators – as well as escape from predators.	1
At least 1 in every 10,000 people living today has a page about them on Wikipedia.	1
Since Garst's death, his farmstead has been preserved; in 2009, it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places under the title of "Roswell and Elizabeth Garst Farmstead Historic District."	0
During his lifetime, Vincent wrote over 800 letters, mostly to his brother, Theo, who was also his closest friend.	1
Shyh shyr shyh shyr shy shy, shyh shyrshyh.	0
The first bridge, erected in 1885-1887, was an all-steel construction that employed a flying cantilever design to cross the main channel.	0
In an attempt to bring about some positive change, Tom Ford was appointed the position of Creative Director at Gucci in 1994.	1
Flowers are produced in large numbers on inflorescences that arise from the apex of the main stem.	0
In 1992, Loussier sold Miraval to an American buyer.	0
He co-starred along Jesse McCartney in Summerland.	1
Liam Payne has over 1000 fan pages on Facebook!	1
A person will burn 7 percent more calories if they walk on hard dirt compared to pavement.	1
Che fine ha fatto Totò Baby?, directed by Ottavio Alessi, in reality by Paolo Heusch (1964)	0
She had a cameo role alongside Kristin Bell in 2011’s Scream 4.	1
Some of his better known students in Vienna were Josef Breuer, Sigmund Freud, who in 1883 worked at Meynert's psychiatric clinic, and Julius Wagner-Jauregg, who introduced fever treatment for syphilis.	0
Akon is the #1 selling artist for ringtones in the world.	1
CrossGen Primer (a promotional comic bundled with an issue of Wizard Magazine)	0
They were not Gaullistes, indeed given that they were prisoners of war (Vildé escaped on 5 July, Lewitsky was freed in August) it is highly improbable that they had heard de Gaulle's broadcast, but once the Gaullist propaganda with its proffered escape from dishonour took hold the group fell in with it - Germaine Trillon: "I do not remember from what date we started to call ourselves Gaullistes - it was not at the beginning at any rate.	0
Journal of the Botanical Research Institute of Texas.	0
Necker, French Finance Minister from 1776 to 1781 under Louis XVI, had been driven into exile by Napoleon I.	0
An average person will consume 12 pubic hairs in their fast food every year!	1
Charlie Puth is 5’9″ tall (1.8 meters).	1
However, Kerry Conran has stated that he did not intend to create a new genre or medium, nor did he use his method of shooting on blue-screen as a gimmick.	0
Triton, one of Neptune’s moons, is gradually getting closer to the planet it orbits.	1
Best Director: Ingmar Bergman for Nära livet	0
Bronze tools did not chip and break like stone tools and could be formed more easily.	1
The captain of the "revolutionaries" a member of the external Czech forces doesn't believe him and is about to shoot him, but David shows up at the last minute, after Josef's despairing plea: "Let us be human!"	0
A scale model and film are used to describe the conquest and destruction of the Jewish town and all of its inhabitants.	0
Samba-Afro style also shown on "El Matador" from the Argentine band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs, a rhythm inspired by Samba-reggae from Bahia, Brazil.	0
Through studies of historical records Bauer concluded that what came to be known as orthodoxy was just one of numerous forms of Christianity in the early centuries.	0
Foča ( ) is a town and a municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Drina river, in the Republika Srpska entity.	0
Since 1983, the cantonal Reformed church as a spiritual retreat.	0
For his role in True Blood, he was nominated for the 2009 Scream Award for a Male Breakout Performance.	1
"Let's call the spiny lobster "spiny lobster"".	0
Best Hip-Hop Artist - 2008 (nominated)	0
The Latin name for a lion is Panthera Leo.	1
Cookie Monster’s real name is Sid.	1
The Goldwyn Follies was the first Technicolor film produced by Samuel Goldwyn.	0
At the end of the season, he changed counties; his family connections in the area, and the presence of his brother Harold in the team, led him to register with Sussex.	0
Her given name is Inmaculada Rojas, 28, and she is described as tender beautiful as Spanish porcelain.	0
The significance of this street drug does not arise again until later in the film.	0
Inappropriate license ceiling in most cities, like Mumbai which has a ceiling 14,000 licenses, means more vendors hawk their goods illegally, which also makes them prone to the bribery and extortion culture under local police and municipal authories, besides harassment, heavy fines and sudden evictions.	0
She was born 24th December, in 1973.	1
On average, long distance runners live 5.7 years longer than non athletes.	1
The college became a center of black cultural and intellectual life in southwestern Ohio.	0
bar:1861 at:2331 fontsize:XS text: 2331 shift:(-8,5)	0
Vedic people believed in the transmigration of the soul and the peepul tree and cow were sanctified by the time of the Atharva Veda.	0
Penguins have insulating layers of air, skin, and blubber.	1
It has sold over 17,000 copies.	1
As a number of receivers at different locations in the solar system saw the burst at slightly different times, its direction could be determined, and it was shown to originate from near a supernova remnant in the Large Magellanic Cloud.	0
The highest ever scoring in a World Cup match was when Austria defeated Switzerland 7 – 5 at the Switzerland hosted 1954 World Cup.	1
Titled From the Manger to the Cross, it told the life story of Jesus.	0
Her mother was a classically trained violinist while her father was a theater professor at the university level.	0
In The French Revolution, a 2005 History Channel documentary, he is played by George Ivascu.	0
On September 22, 2009, America This Morning and World News Now began broadcasting in high definition; America This Morning, in effect, became the second early morning network newscast to broadcast in HD, after NBC's Early Today.	0
Even though Cricket, a British introduction, is India’s most popular sport, the country’s national sport is hockey.	1
We all need someone to talk to, someone who listens, someone who understands.	1
Like Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, Rajshri Productions released limited number of prints for the film and eventually increased prints with increasing popularity.	0
It is the county seat of Grant County .	0
An eagle’s beak contains keratin, which means that it grows all the time just like human hair and fingernails.	1
The oldest cockroach fossils are over 280 million years old	1
He is an American Duel Monsters/Magic & Wizards champion and a "Card Professor", hunting big prizes at tournaments.	0
It’s not a flock, it’s not a herd – a group of cats together is known as a ‘clowder’.	1
Sky Sports also broadcasts major motorsport events.	0
It was designed by Colonel Rudolph Schmidt	0
The only continent they are not found on is Antarctica.	0
The fastest speed a falling raindrop can hit you is 18 mph.	1
Hornung, E. 2006: The New Kingdom, in E. Hornung, R. Krauss and D.A.	0
Founded in 1913 it plays in Segunda División B – Group 1, holding home games at Estadio El Sardinero, with a capacity for 22,222 spectators.	0
In late 1955, at the age of 25, McQueen left New York and headed for California, where he moved into a house on Vestal Avenue in the Echo Park area, seeking acting jobs in Hollywood.	0
He also directed Lisboa, Crónica Anedótica ("Lisbon, an Anectodal Chronicle") (1929), where in a series of multiple city scenes, he displays Chaby Pinheiro, repeat stars Adelina Abranches and Alves da Cunha, Nascimento Fernandes, and the unforgettable Vasco Santana and Beatriz Costa.	0
By the end of the 2012–2013 season, a majority of Greek rugby clubs left the ΕΟΡ Championship and created their own association and championship .	0
Half of American adults are in a facial recognition database.	1
The sparrows are some of the few passerine birds that engage in dust bathing.	0
Relaxation, the act of substituting alternative program code during linking	0
Orange was first used as the name for a colour in 1542.	1
List of journalists killed in Mexico	0
'very serviceable to the Jews, for he added a country to them, and obtained a part of the nation of the Itureans for them, and bound to them by the bond of the circumcision of their genitals.	0
There are 66 living worldwide as of 2013, mainly based in Najaf and Qom.	0
Leopards cross between Russia, China, and North Korea across the Tumen River despite a high and long wire fence marking the boundary.	1
Many Hindu deities like Brahma, Lakshmi and Saraswati are depicted to be seated on a lotus flower.	1
Valeria Novodvorskaya alleged that the inclusion of the scenario of the blowing up of Lech Kaczyński's aircraft in a March 2010 mockumentary shown on Georgian television is evidence of complicity of the Russian State in the death of the Polish President in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 in Smolensk Oblast.	0
Milsom and Rigby envision them as vertebrates similar in appearance to modern hagfish and lampreys,	0
It hosted the boxing events at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the Judo events at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.	0
Beethoven was the first musician even to receive a salary just for composing whenever and whatever he wanted.	1
Had Dewey won any two of the three states, the Dixiecrats would have succeeded in their goal of forcing the election into the House of Representatives.	0
By Arzelà-Ascoli, for every sequence in , there is a subsequence that converges uniformly on , and this implies that the image T^*(y^*_{n_k}) of that subsequence is Cauchy in .	0
The Leader, (Parthian: yamag; Chinese: 閻默) Mani's designated successor, seated at the head of the Church in Ctesiphon (Babylonia).	0
Current member of the main Avengers team.	0
Food and Drug Administration approval is still pending, however.	0
Intertitle or title card in films	0
However, Baker, Winwood and Grech stayed together to form Ginger Baker&apos;s Air Force.	0
Apple seeds, cherry apricot, and peach pits contain cyanide, but it takes a large amount of each to actually make you sick or kill you.	1
In 2006, Baldacci won re-election from a field of four major candidates.	0
"Why Do Things Happen to Me" (Kent)	0
In Pokémon Go, a Bulbasaur is one of the 3 initial choices but if you walk away from him and the others 4 times in a row, a Pikachu will appear allowing you to catch it.	1
The average length of a Giant Anteater is around 6 and a half foot (2 meters), although about half of this is their long bushy tail.	1
Breast slapping is a new therapy that is believed to give a woman bigger breasts.	1
More American workers call in sick on Friday than any other day of the week.	1
The population is projected to rise to 60,000 by 2020.	0
In order of appearance, the actors who have played our beloved Batman are Lewis G Wilson, Robert Lowrey Adam West, Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer, George Clooney, Christian Bale, Will Arnett, and the last, and in some people’s opinions worst, batman is Ben Affleck.	1
It is the only single from the album Aerial.	0
Harold C. Bradley House in Madison, Wisconsin	0
Indeed, ramp's vitamin and mineral content did bolster the health of people who went without many green vegetables during the winter.	0
At the 2009 US Open Series in her first event of the series in 2009 LA Women&apos;s Tennis Championships she fell to Jie Zheng in the second round, it was followed by first round loses in the 2009 Rogers Cup to Anna Chakvetadze and in the 2009 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters and Women&apos;s Open to Zheng Jie.	0
In 867, he was granted the counties of Avranches and Coutances.	0
Unfinished Tales contains the start of a more mature and complete narrative, which Tolkien began after finishing The Lord of the Rings in the 1950s.	0
On May 31, 2006 Krahulik announced a new advertising campaign for the Entertainment Software Rating Board.	0
Soda Lime Feldspar, Nepheline or Leucite, Augite, Hornblende (Olivine)	0
Michael C. Hall as Dexter Morgan on Dexter (Episode: "The Getaway") (Showtime)	0
He was raised in Chino, California by his mother Gina Dallas.	1
A common plot device is referenced, where a shoulder angel (represents conscience) and a shoulder devil (representing temptation) appear near a character.	0
He can understand basic English, but can’t speak any.	1
In 2003, he was appointed the coach of Kumasi Asante Kotoko and helped the club win their first local league in ten years.	0
Gérard Blitz Maurice Blitz Joseph Cludts Joseph de Combe Pierre Dewin Albert Durant Georges Fleurix Paul Gailly Joseph Pletinckx Jules Thiry Jean-Pierre Vermetten	0
Nana Mouskouri on Nana Latina (1996)	0
To brace the paddler takes "the box" and moves it out to the side they are falling over on.	0
Wood ear, a fungus with similar uses in Chinese medicine and cuisine	0
Apparently, Garcia cried when he read the final script for the show.	1
Hershey’s produce 70 million Kisses a day, and enough a year to make a 300,000 mile (around 483,000 km) line of Kisses.	1
The Amber Spyglass tells of Lyra's kidnapping by her mother, Mrs. Coulter, an agent of the Magisterium who has learned of the prophecy identifying Lyra as the next Eve.	0
A 2017 survey found Paraguay to be the happiest country in the world for the second year in a row.	1
The Soviet Union and Hungary each won their fifth-round games, moving up to 4–1 apiece with two games left.	0
Government Operations: John Mica, Gerry Connolly	0
A film camera ran behind the red-robed Roland Freisler so that Hitler could view the proceedings, and to provide footage for newsreels and a documentary entitled Traitors before the People's Court.	0
According to FAA data, since 2010, US airplanes have recorded 112 turtle strikes.	1
Topeka Public Schools USD 501 - Serving Central Topeka	0
public expenditure bad, private expenditure good--even when those slogans are persistently refuted by events.	0
However, justification of the award may accrue by virtue of exceptionally meritorious service in a succession of high positions of great importance.	0
For instance, in 1688 De Swaen was a guest in Veurne of the chamber the Kruys-Broeders.	0
When the Nintendo 64 first came out it had only 2 games available to its users across the world, however Japan were lucky enough to get a third game, Saikyo Habu Shogi, along with Super Mario 64 and Pilot Wings 64.	1
Many professional groups have thoroughly analyzed the literature and independently concluded that vaccines are safe and effective."	0
A flea can jump 350 times its body length	1
Conceived by the designers at Selbert Perkins Design, the towers and "LAX" letters are a gateway to the airport and offer a welcoming landmark for visitors.	0
The lotus-eaters in Homer’s Odyssey was not eaters of the lotus found in Asia but rather consumed a prickly shrub with a sweet, mealy fruit found in the Mediterranean.	0
Pending further study, the potential health risks have moved scientists to call for relocation of the residents and regulatory control of new construction.	0
An element of volume, is a right cylinder of base area square units and a thickness of units.	0
In each of the structures eight of the martyrs were interred in a sarcophagus bearing their name.	0
The municipality of San Vicente was created on June 21, 1969, by virtue of Republic Act 5821.	0
The Kayı tribe or Kai tribe ( ) was an ancient Oghuz Turkic people and a sub-branch of the Bozok tribal federation.	0
However, it was his work on Marvel's Exiles which brought him instant attention, and led him to work on two of DC's Teen Titans and Marvel's Fantastic Four.	0
The vessel of myrrh, used to anoint the body of Jesus, either by Joseph of Arimathea or by the Myrrhbearers	0
Situated between the bishoprics Osnabrück and Münster, the possession of Versmold was disputed for a long time in the high Middle Ages.	0
In some Okinawan writing systems, a small ぁ is also combined with the kana く (ku) and ふ (fu or hu) to form the digraphs くぁ kwa and ふぁhwa, although others use a small ゎ instead.	0
Before babies can even talk, they rehearse the sounds in their brain.	1
With the release of the album in the UK, the top ten of the UK Rock & Metal Singles chart was composed of all AC/DC songs, with "Back in Black", "Highway to Hell", "You Shook Me All Night Long", "Thunderstruck", "Whole Lotta Rosie", "Shoot to Thrill", "Hells Bells", "It&apos;s a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock &apos;n&apos; Roll)", "For Those About to Rock (We Salute You)", and "T.N.T.	0
Twilight took three months to write.	1
90% of deaths in Autism Spectrum kids under 14 are from drowning.	1
In 2007, she made her screen debut in How She Move.	1
Josh Cuthbert does not have a middle name.	1
Coffee drinkers have sex more often than tea drinkers!	1
Webern conducts his arrangement of Schubert's German Dances	0
Both of these fires drew parallels to the Great Fire in the media of the time.	0
It is capable of jumping up to 2m out of the water when hunting prey.	1
She also has a crush on Endou.	0
90% of the time it's not the person you miss, it's the feelings and moments you had when you were with them.	1
Bart D. Ehrman has suggested that the historical method can never comment on the likelihood of supernatural occurrences (meaning that miracles can never be considered historical facts).	0
The dancers, managers, personalities and other distinguished personages, voted to choose Ms Valdés as their favorite dancer of this World Gala, and she was subsequently awarded the Prize for Popularity.	0
In addition, BCCS has recognized Charolais has the potential as a	0
Del Rey has not announced plans to re-release earlier volumes.	0
If you count the number of seconds that pass between a flash of lightning and the crack of thunder that follows it, and divide it by five, that's how many miles away you are from where lightning just struck.	1
His parents are Peter, whom he calls ‘the Fat Man’, and Lois, who he refers to as her given name.	1
In 1030, the site was ceded to Rainulf Drengot, a cadet of the lords of Quarrel near Alençon in Normandy; he was invested as count by Duke Sergius IV of Naples and confirmed by Emperor Conrad II.	0
Dated in the 26th regnal year, this inscription is a work of Kesava, who was the son of sculptor Ujjala.	0
Finally, Lovelock has a poet of its own in Adrian C. Louis, who was brought up on the small reservation for Lovelock Paiute Indians south of the town.	0
Breeding males exhibit nuptial pads, lateral vocal folds, femoral glands and enlarged pseudo-teeth in the lower jaw.	0
When reconstruction was undertaken, an extensive plan was developed which left 30 local families without a place to live in the village.	0
Whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Angelina performed her own stunts.	1
Later, when the Stalker's wife tells him she would like to visit the Room, he expresses doubts about the Zone; claiming that he fears her dreams will not be fulfilled.	0
Jersey Shore is Beyoncé’s favourite TV Show.	1
In 1969, Hawking accepted a specially created 'Fellowship for Distinction in Science' to remain at Caius.	0
SR = the ratio of the number of Grand Slam singles tournaments won to the number of those tournaments played.	0
The casualties of the battle were unusually high, even by the standards of the time, and are estimated at 28 percent of the total number of troops engaged.	0
China bought $60 million worth of grain from Canada.	0
In 1999, the government of Prime Minister Bill Skate recognised Taiwan.	0
In it, Duby stresses the importance of the historian as a public figure who can make the past relevant and exciting to those in the present.	0
They chose to write about a male protagonist as it had not been seen much in YA fantasy fiction.	1
"Adam’s Ribs", a 1974 episode of M*A*S*H	0
Grady Martin again led the proceedings with Ray Edenton replacing Harold Bradley and Floyd "Lightnin'" Chance standing in on double bass.	0
Tigers are generally solitary creatures, but are seen as highly social able.	1
Rice can be used in beer, dog food, baby food, breakfast cereals, snacks, frozen foods and sauces!	1
During a show in Washington, Bieber’s personal laptop was stolen, hours later some nude pictures spread on Twitter claiming to be Justin.	1
Bathygobius aeolosoma (J. D. Ogilby, 1889)	0
HD 82514 8251446736 5.861.15285K3IIItriple star, 11 G. Ant	0
Last Term at Malory Towers (1951)	0
Cher Lloyd rose to fame when she came fourth place in the 7th series of The X Factor.	1
Simon Baz is Lebanese and has a tattoo on his forearm in Arabic that reads “courage”.	1
He has also taught Brooklyn Beckham to play guitar.	1
Spending 1 hour a day on Social Media reduces the probability of a child being completely happy with their life by 14%.	1
London Buses Routes 92, 105, 395 and E6 serve the station.	0
Austria-Hungary and the Successor States: A Reference Guide from the Renaissance to the Present (2003)	0
She was a member of the gold medal-winning Chinese teams for the 2006 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Aarhus, Denmark and 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China.	0
The ancient Egyptians believed that the heart, along with other major organs, had wills of their own and could move around inside the body!	1
The characteristic practise of the patent (and of his lime patent) is the use of “road sweepings” as a raw material.	0
Compared to most sources, like wind turbines or hydro dams, PV can scale successfully to systems as small as one panel or as large as millions.	0
Stewie made Brian travel with him to see Santa Claus and prove his existence.	1
James F. Mahaffy, Biology Department Dordt College	0
^ "Gold", Geelong Advertiser (Vic.	0
Heartstrings is a youth melodrama about love, friendship and dreams, set against the backdrop of a performing arts college.	0
Türkmen, on the other hand, likes the Beatles, and all the band members enjoy a bit of country music now and then!	1
Leonardo DiCaprio (The Aviator, Blood Diamond, J. Edgar)	0
But anyway, that's the way it worked out".	0
These beetles are 4-5 mm long.	0
The Mer project does not include a kernel, so it can't be considered a complete operating system on its own.	0
Invested with the bishopric on 29 September 1102, but within a week died without consecration.	0
On 4 October 2008 in an away win over Blackburn Rovers, Rooney became the youngest player in league history to make 200 appearances.	1
In 2012, Little Mix bought out a range of children’s clothing for Primark, aimed at 7 to 13-year-olds.	1
The pea is thought to have originated from Middle Asia.	1
That same year, he was inducted into the NAACP Image Award Hall of Fame.	0
From 1 January 2007 the owners are: Vejle Municipality (34.3 %), Kolding Municipality (25.9 %), Billund Municipality (15%), Horsens Municipality (10.7%), Fredericia Municipality (6.9%), Hedensted Municipality (6.1%), Brande Municipality (1.0%) and Skanderborg Municipality (0.1%).	0
The three islands that make up the Cayman Islands – Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman – are in the Western Caribbean, south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica.	1
Back in Shakespeare’s day, mattresses were fastened to bed frames by ropes; by doing this you were able to pull the ropes which would make the mattress tighter, therefore making it firmer to sleep on hence the saying “goodnight, sleep tight”.	1
In over 35 British divorce cases in 2012 alone, the video game ‘Football Manager‘ was cited.	1
His father is called Bobby, his mother is called Maura.	1
Google takes more 200 factors into account to deliver the best results for any search query in a fraction of a second.	1
Aerospace industry in the United Kingdom	0
A book that made him cry was Alphonse Daudet’s Le Petit Chose.	1
On average, 4 shipping containers fall into the world’s oceans each day.	1
Nintendo’s Mario features as a mask in the Majora’s Mask game.	1
When it was built in 1886, it was the tallest structure in New York City at 22 stories tall.	1
By This Parting by Mieko Ouchi	0
Bill Gates house was designed using a Macintosh Computer.	1
Platt is now seen as a media pundit often for England U21 matches.	0
The Book of Idols (Kitāb al-Asnām) by Hishām Ibn al-Kalbī	0
The first LDS temple was built in Kirtland, Ohio, in 1833.	1
Hoult can to play the trombone.	1
As chickens grow older, they lay larger eggs, but fewer than when they’re younger.	1
"Fremdscham" is the German word for being embarrassed for someone else.	1
Knut was mobilized to the French Army on the first day of the war, 1 September 1939, and the newspaper had to close.	0
The four-eyed turtle can grow to a carapace length of .	0
He is currently the manager at V-Varen Nagasaki in the J.	0
His Hoodoo (1913; scenario; story "The Making of a Masher")	0
It was first published in 1940 by Grosset &amp; Dunlap.	0
General Pichegru, 5 December 1794 - 20 March 1795	0
75% of people wouldn't give up their spouse for a night for a $1,000,000	1
: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Senegal)	0
Being a trash collector, logger, or fisherman is statistically more dangerous than being a police officer in the U.S.	1
Icius ocellatus Pavesi, 1883 – East Africa	0
His respect and admiration of the miners made him want to create something really special that didn’t exist anywhere else but unfortunately that wasn’t possible."	0
Inside Singapore's Changi Airport there's a butterfly garden, a rooftop swimming pool and a free 24-hour cinema.	1
However, in Japanese the word for Tuesday (ka youbi) means “fire day,” in relation to Mars the planet (kasei) meaning “fire star.”	1
In January 2014 he narrated an episode of the BBC's Timeshift documentary strand, Sherlock Holmes: The Many Faces of a Master Detective.	0
Even though he is known as “Backpack Kid,” his real name is Russell Horning.	1
Burrow, John Anthony and Ian P. Wei (eds).	0
On 19 November he scored his first goal for the national side, opening the score against Brazil; however, it turned out to be a sour one, as the hosts came from behind to take it 6–2.	0
As of early 2017, Vans is worth a staggering a $1.2 billion.	1
Artificial lake: A lake created by flooding land behind a dam, called an impoundment or reservoir, by deliberate human excavation, or by the flooding of an excavation incident to a mineral-extraction operation such as an open pit mine or quarry.	0
Markus Brzenska (born 25 May 1984 in Lünen) is a German footballer who plays for Viktoria Köln.	0
During certain runs, including the official record run, the V150 train was chased by an Aérospatiale Corvette airplane to provide data relay and uplink of live television images.	0
Kindle, and volleying with a thunderstroke	0
1 in 5 Spotify tracks have never been played.	1
The oldest known structure on the site was a chapel dedicated to St. Martin of Tours, founded during the Merovingian dynasty, which appears in a text of A.D. 710.	0
The first words Lois’s child Stewie ever told her were, “Damn you, vile woman!”	1
Michael Ray Richardson (New York Knicks) (1/1)	0
Patricia Skinner, in her survey of Dagobert's career, accepts that he acted against canon law, but argues that in the exceptional circumstances of the time, he had to act pragmatically.	0
Stan’s boss is Avery Bullock, who is voiced by Sir Patrick Stewart, OBE.	1
An average person’s fast food intake a year will contain about 12 public hairs!	1
1955 Sadolin & Holmblad has subsidiaries in all Nordic countries.	0
His full name is Stewart Gilligan Griffin.	1
Rather then being born, Dementors grow like fungi in the darkest of places, creating a dense and chilly fog.	1
William Shakespeare's Sonnet 19, sometimes considered the last of the opening group of sonnets, treats the theme of redemption of time through art.	0
John Mayer performed the song live throughout 2008, notably during his performance at that year's Glastonbury Festival.	0
28 episodes Nominated—Critics&apos; Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (2013) Nominated—Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film (2014) Nominated—Scream Award for Best Ensemble (2011) Nominated—Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series (2011)	0
As defined by the Oxford Dictionary may be found here:	0
As of April 19, 2007 he has 136,768 telephone calls.	0
Not only was he considered one of the best characters, but one of the best villains; he had "great energy, with strong passions, and inordinate pride; sometimes softened by the feelings of humanity, but preserving the firmnesss of his mind in the most trying situations".	0
In discussing their situation, Charlie mentions to Rose that the Germans have a gunboat, the Queen Louisa (actually Königin Luise in German), which patrols a large lake downriver, effectively blocking any British counter-attacks.	0
Perrie is engaged to Zayn Malik, former member of One Direction, Zayn proposed to her on 21st August 2013.	1
After the basic toxicology screening for opiates, cocaine and carbon monoxide came back negative, the death was ruled a result of the narrowing and hardening of coronary arteries.	0
Our white gold jewelry collection is mainly manufactured from 18K gold which is 75% gold and 25% a white colored metal or metals.	0
RAF Flying Training Command, a now defunct organization responsible for delivering the RAF's flying training	0
He first exhibited with the Ontario Society of Artists in 1913, and became a member in 1914 when the National Gallery of Canada purchased one of his paintings.	0
The band have influenced others such as Interpol and My Chemical Romance.	1
The three delusions according to Buddhism are ignorance, desire and anger.	1
According to the 1991 census, the village is located in the municipality of Posušje.	0
Inler returned to Switzerland and played for FC Aarau.	0
2011Rivage de la soifacousmaticstereophonic acousmonium/loudspeakers10.00op.155text by Thomas Brando, from the cycle Les Acousmalides	0
The Thin Red Line - John Toll	0
Enraged, Tracy pushes Caprice and sends him falling to his death in the bridge gears.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	1
), 15 February 1867, p. 2	0
There are remains of Hellenistic architecture from Alexander the Great's time in Mahallat as well as fire temple ruins back from the Zoroastrianism era.	0
Dolphin Stadium won the bid to host Super Bowl XLI on September 17, 2003 after a campaign against Arizona, Tampa Bay, New York City, and Washington D.C. With this game, the Miami Metropolitan Area tied New Orleans, Louisiana as the city to host the most Super Bowls (9).	0
Stevens gave the school land upon which a building could be raised and for many years served as a trustee.	0
In complete opposition to other women in India, Widows would wear white instead of colorful fabrics.	1
Marta Hillers (1911–2001) was a German journalist and the presumed author of the autobiographical Eine Frau in Berlin (A Woman in Berlin), the published version of the diary of a Berlin woman from 20 April to 22 June 1945, during and after the Battle of Berlin.	0
Juifs du Maroc à travers le monde Émigration et identité retrouvée.	0
5th British Academy Film Awards - United Nations Award - for the best Film embodying one or more of the principles of the United Nations Charter.	0
Q33 was the first plane to hit during 9/11 in 2001, when you type in Q33 in Microsoft’s Wingding’s font, a very sinister thing appears; Q33	1
Reading the report of that Moses “took the calf .	0
"Among these instinctual wishes are those of incest, cannibalism, and lust for killing."	0
From the end of World War II until 1962 Zeta competed in the local Titograd municipal area league.	0
Before he was Wolverine on "X-Men" or a Broadway star, actor Hugh Jackman got fired from his cashier job at 7-Eleven.	1
Player Profiles and the Lady Rebels Glossary will apply to Season Pass: UNLV Women’s Basketball.	0
The first break in his chess career came in 1943, when he was invited to an international tournament in Prague.	0
When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten day mourning period for France.	1
This character was loosely based on a Human Torch character published by Marvel's predecessor Timely Comics in the 1940s, an android that could ignite itself.	0
Madam Florence Mackenzie, also known as "Mother" Mackenzie, who saved "Keno Jack"'s life by administering first aid when the man had been lung shot by CPR conductor, Jack Selkirk, when Selkik had caught him "springing a cold deck" during a game of poker.	0
These are stellar astronomy, celestial mechanics, radio astronomy, physics of the Sun, planetary astrophysics, astrophysics theory, and astrophysics science through observation.	0
1740–1786: Frederick II (son of, later also King of Prussia)	0
Later, in the 1960s and 1970s, increases in public spending and a major focus on universality brought it on the same path as social-democratic systems.	0
Beethoven was a brilliant composer but struggled with sums and spelling his entire life.	1
Cincinnati Bengals 21, Baltimore Ravens 7	0
He bargained for a pardon by offering to collaborate with the British on countering rebel propaganda.	0
The important characteristic is that these waters tend to vary in salinity over some biologically meaningful range seasonally or on some other roughly comparable time scale.	0
It was adopted by the FCC as the United States standard for stereo television transmission in 1984.	0
The IFA, Belfast-based, was dominated by Protestants and it was widely suspected that it would rather have been represented by a traditionally unionist team.	0
Throughout the 20th century, PRI had an almost hegemonic power at the state and federal level, which slowly began to recede in the late 1980s.	0
He was a character––fascinating, charming, fun and tyrannical.”	0
Samsung are very focused on creating as much as possible in house, around 90% of Samsung equipment is made in Samsung factories.	1
Although some live CDs can load into memory to free the optical drive for other uses, loading the data from a CD-ROM is still slower than a typical hard drive boot, so this is rarely the default with large live CD images, but for smaller live CD images loading the filesystem directly into RAM can provide a significant performance boost, as RAM is much faster than a hard drive, and uses less power.	0
The book consists mainly of an illustrated short story, "Lyra and the Birds".	0
Einstein slept 10 hours a night	1
In 2017 a cat took the internet by storm when it was recorded attempting to steal a full sized cinnamon bun.	1
Promoted to lieutenant on 15 October, he was hospitalised for ten days in November due to dengue fever.	0
Bobcats make similar, albeit smaller, scrapes.	0
1974), great-great-great-great-grandson of Charles Compton Cavendish, 1st Baron Chesham, fourth and youngest son of the 1st Earl of Burlington	0
Because Chamaelirium luteum is normally collected wild, it is at risk of extinction.	0
He died on 2nd September, in 1973, in Oxford, England.	1
Shinmen Sokan (active 16th century) was a Japanese lord, daimyo of the during the middle of the Sengoku period.	0
It was a collection of Mizar cover versions by some of the most notable groups in Macedonia incl.	0
There are also a number of music, dance and drama schools based in the town, including the Dale Hartley School of Speech and Drama.	0
Ghevond I (545–548) -- Ղեվոնդ Ա․ Եռաստեցի	0
Standing at 136 metres tall (445 ft) and affectionately referred to by the city's inhabitants as "Steffl" (a diminutive form of "Stephen"), St. Stephen's Cathedral's massive south tower is its highest point and a dominant feature of the Vienna skyline.	0
It was in this game that Ganon made his first appearance as a pig-type man.	1
With riding changes, Roberge was re-elected in 1935 when his riding became Mégantic—Frontenac.	0
The larvae feed on Acacia raddiana.	0
Penstemon tracyi Keck – Trinity penstemon	0
Edward has a mole above his right nipple.	1
Taylor Swift had her first kiss at age 15.	1
The Altos 8086 machines had a custom MMU, which used 4K pages.	0
The largest living thing on earth is a giant sequoia named General Sherman.	1
"Parliament – Discovery of the Bendigo Gold-Field".	0
The second single, titled "Damned If I Do Ya (Damned If I Don&apos;t)", made its first appearance prior to the album's release on June 3, 2009.	0
Generally, more dominant cows are less fearful and use their right eyes more often.	1
Murray Walker, famous F1 commentator also vented the 1970's "Opal Fruits made to make you mouth water" slogan.	1
The median age was 26 years.	0
The GFSM 2001 includes a functional classification of expense as defined by the Classification of Functions of Government (COFOG) .	0
Meg’s only talent is that she can do great bird whistles.	1
It was created by Dr. Jacob Rubinovitz.	0
On 30 August, Louis of Orléans launched a proclamation against the regency.	0
He is more surprised when Wanu shows up in his lavish apartment that night, drugs him and covers him with ritual markings thereby creating a magical link between them.	0
Emmanuelle (1985 — Austin, United Kingdom)	0
The Brazilian Judge Raphael Queiroz Campos ordered bookstores to stock the series out of the reach of juniors.	1
Jack Nicholson improvised the line, "Heeeere's Johnny" in "The Shining."	1
The natural life span of a giant panda is about 30 years!	1
Lesnar started dominating Big Show and hit him with two consecutive Belly to Belly Suplexes and attempted to perform a third one but Big Show prevented Lesnar from performing the move by grabbing his throat.	0
During the presidential election Keys recorded a theme song for the presidential nominee Barack Obama.	1
As he turns back, the man who took the fatal shot for Marius earlier calls Marius by his name.	0
A study once revealed the best ways to get over the “Monday Blues” are by watching TV, online shopping, buying chocolate, and planning a holiday.	1
After posing nude in Playboy at age 19, Drew Barrymore received a quilt from her godfather Steven Spielberg with a note that said "Cover up"	1
| 1,648,195 km² (636,372 sq mi)	0
Schmelzer had his best season for Borussia Dortmund in the 2010–11 season, where he managed to play every minute of the season for the team who went on to win the Bundesliga that year.	0
Kongo finally faced Roy Nelson on April 27, 2013 at UFC 159, a bout that was supposed to happen almost 3 years before at UFC 116.	0
Andrew Johnson: As a teenager, Andrew Johnson was sold as a servant to a tailor with his brother, and ran away 2 years later.	1
The Statue of Liberty employs gum-cleaning staff who use specially designed "GumBuster" machines.	1
Cattle in much of the world were primarily used for traction for crop agriculture and for transportation.	0
These ideals are identical to those of Sturm und Drang, and it can be argued that the later name exists to catalog a number of parallel, co-influential movements in German literature rather than express anything substantially different from what German dramatists were achieving in the violent plays attributed to the Kraftmensch movement.	0
Women who have more male friends than female friends are less likely to experience anxiety and become depressed.	1
Nash is 6 foot tall (1.83 meters).	1
A 30 week old child in the womb has 20/400 vision and can only see right in front of them when they open their eyes, which won’t be very often during that time.	1
April 12th is known as “Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day”.	1
This was the biggest amphibious attack until the Invasion of Normandy in 1944: in Cartagena the British fleet of 186 ships and almost 27,000 men was defeated by a garrison of 3,500 men and 6 ships of the line commanded by the one-eyed, one-armed, one-legged, Spanish admiral Blas de Lezo.	0
I Live in Fear (1955) - as Jiro Nakajima	0
Prost later said it was an unsatisfactory win and that he did not hold out much hope for the championship despite his points lead as he felt Honda were clearly favouring Senna.	0
Since then, he has rarely worked with the full CBS team outside of the majors, though he does often appear on cable coverage of these events as part of his Golf Channel deal.	0
New York's Central Park was opened in 1876	1
Buildings II and I are the third- and fourth-tallest buildings in the city (behind Concourse Corporate Center V & VI, the "King & Queen" towers), and fourth and fifth within Perimeter Center (behind Three Ravinia Drive in Dunwoody).	0
Bulbasaur is the only unevolved dual type starter Pokémon.	1
image:Fashion Plate (the Roxborough Jacket - A New Spencer Walking Dress with the Incognita Hat) LACMA M.86.266.62.jpg|"A New Spencer Walking Dress with the Incognita Hat" from the January 1807 La Belle Assemblée	0
A camel’s hump doesn’t store water at all, it stores fat!	1
Upon learning of his skills as a multi-instrumentalist, Reznor decided to scale the latest live incarnation of Nine Inch Nails down to a four-piece, where Ilan contributed keyboards and percussion.	0
The series has sold over 1,000,000 copies on Kindle alone.	1
The double decker trains provide 74 seats in first class, 304 seats in second class as well room for about 600 people standing.	0
She has 2 brothers and 1 sister.	1
Slowpoke’s original English name was “Slowmo”.	1
The Yeri voice for the song was by Kavita Belliga.	0
Fall - Damon Runyon begins working as a journalist on The New York American.	0
In 1910 he became Rector of the Stellenbosch Boys' High School, formly Stellenbosch Gymnasium, of which he was a former pupil and teacher.	0
Justin Bieber got a main road named after him, after an 11-year-old girl was major of Forney for a day.	1
Abdallah's brother 'Ali acted as deputy governor of Khurasan until he was ready to take up residence in Nishapur.	0
Roan: an even mixture of white and pigmented hairs, normally red or black.	0
The first album Tom ever bought was Oasis – Definitely Maybe.	1
The groups were mostly from Marion, Crawford, Carroll, and Johnson counties in Arkansas, and had assembled into a wagon train at Beller's Stand, south of Harrison, to emigrate to southern California.	0
An average American will eat the equivalent of 28 pigs in their lifetime.	1
This continues until only two (series 1 and 3), three (series 2, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 9) or four (series 7) acts remain.	0
Los Angeles-based artist Ed Moses made a major gift of his work to the museum in 1995, surveying nearly 40 years of his artistic development.	0
Besides several Federal Ministers of Germany and Prime Ministers of German States, five Chancellors of Germany have attended the university, the latest being Helmut Kohl, the "Chancellor of the Reunification".	0
Avocados have the most calories of any other fruit	1
1950, 1961, 1964, 1971, 1974, 1990, 1991	0
Your browser does not support the audio element.	0
At the 2006 census, Paringa had a population of 946.	0
This law gave control of primary education to the single towns, of secondary education to the provinces, and the universities were managed by the State.	0
For the combined Southern Crescent, Southern moved the train to the Birmingham route instead of the Mobile route.	0
Petroleros de Poza Rica (Poza Rica Oilers)	0
She is voiced by Yeardley Smith.	1
Iceland was chosen as the training ground for Apollo astronauts because it was the most “moonlike” surface.	1
Ants don�t like baby powder (talcum powder)	1
The arboretum proper is organized into three major sections:	0
The Swahili name for the zebra is ‘Punda Milia’.	1
George Butterworth - Two English Idylls	0
Chesapeake Bay Bridge (William Preston Lane, Jr. Memorial Bridge), Anne Arundel County to Queen Anne's County	0
Cows have almost total 360 degree panoramic vision and are able to see colors, except red.	1
Other historic buildings include the houses of writer Ludwig Ganghofer and painter Joseph Karl Stieler, and the summer residence of Lord Acton.	0
PlotArea = left:50 bottom:50 top:30 right:30	0
29th August is the first day of Thoth, the first day of the Egyptian calendar.	1
Key also works as , his film scoring alter ego, having previously contributed to John Debney's score for End of Days (1999).	0
During a study of radio-collared Amur leopards in the early 1990s, a territorial dispute between two males at a deer farm was documented, suggesting that Amur leopards favour such farms for hunting.	0
Pashto (Afghanistan)1296, 7495, 7555, 9310, 9335, 9380, 9390, 9700, 9780, 11535, 11565, 11580, 12015, 15090, 15380	0
Forgotten Worlds (known as Lost Worlds in Japan), a 1988 arcade game	0
A follow-up date produced two more blues standards, "Looking The World Over" and Joe's "Black Rat Swing" (issued as by "Mr. Memphis Minnie").	0
Albert Einstein was married to his distant cousin; Elsa Einstein.	1
He is also a bronze medalist in the 1969 World Judo Championships in Mexico City.	0
A few of the patients, four percent, had what were originally classified as complete injuries and were reassessed as having incomplete injuries, but only half of that four percent regained bowel and bladder control.	0
July 8 — Melvin Turpin, All-American at Kentucky and NBA veteran (born 1960)	0
On 1st March 2013, Bieber tweeted saying “Worst birthday ever.” The tweet quickly went viral, becoming the third-most Tweeted message ever at the time!	1
Months that start on a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th	1
Roman Emperor Tiberius banned kissing, believing it caused the spread of a fungal disease called mentagra (inflamed hair follicles).	1
Listening to sad songs actually creates positive emotions.	1
This Ring Record Magazine scandal was uncovered by boxing writer Malcolm 'Flash' Gordon and ABC staffer Alex Wallau.	0
They continue to have subtle chemistry.	0
J.K.Rowling created Dementors after a time in her life which she was clinically depressed.	1
Hold the floor number and door closing button at the same time while riding an elevator to skip all of the other floors.	1
Hebrew forms of the names exist, but they are extremely rare.	0
The northern section of Highway 58 begins at an intersection with the western terminus of Highway 20, approximately east of Highway 406.	0
It used to contain cocaine up until 1905, when it was removed due to public concern.	1
Liam has two pet turtles called Boris and Archimedes.	1
Josh was playing, despite only being 15; I'd never seen him play before, but in the first half he cut inside someone and played an inch-perfect pass inside the full-back.	0
OLED devices are classified as bottom emission devices if light emitted passes through the transparent or semi-transparent bottom electrode and substrate on which the panel was manufactured.	0
The spots of a cheetah are used for camouflage.	1
Sargent was confirmed unanimously, and served until March 4, 1929.	0
His mother is called Johanna and his father is Troy Austin.	1
There is a tendency for theatricality and the adoption of personas, alongside intensely poetic lyrics incorporating surreal and metaphorical elements.	0
It is presumed that both consuls were forced to abdicate at some point early during the year, possibly as a result of internal political pressures; both Laevinus and his colleague were members of the Claudian faction, which was attempting to wrest power from the rival Aemilian–Scipionic faction.	0
His favourite food is spaghetti bolognese.	1
In English, twelve is the largest number that has just one syllable.	1
However despite this interest and a later enquiry from Liverpool, Walker had by this stage become Hearts marquee player and the threat of a supporters boycott persuaded the Hearts board not to sell.	0
Butcher was sacked on 10 June.	0
Berger repassed Brundle on lap 36.	0
Nor were the women weaponless, when roused by such an occasion.	0
The antenna of the Empire State Building is added to the building.	0
Although Australia is home to the largest number of venomous snakes in the world, it averages only one fatal snake bite per year.	1
Their food includes various species of mammals, reptiles, and birds, all of which live in different habitats.	0
Just two years later, in 1955, Georges Nomarski published the theory for differential interference contrast microscopy, another interference-based imaging technique.	0
Snowflakes falling at 2-4 mph can take up to 1 hour to reach the ground.	1
Mining operations developed by Dolch at Dolchburg and by the Olmos Coal, Coke, and Oil Company at Olmos were the largest coal producers in Texas around the turn of the 19th to 20th centuries.	0
The ancestors of Bruckner's family were farmers and craftsmen; their history can be traced to as far back as the 16th century.	0
Contact us on our website or feel free to connect with us on social media.	0
The Rose Gardens: Auldearn has a small square at its centre named the Rose gardens, these were refurbished in 2003 and now have benches, flowerbeds and a small shelter.	0
In his address to the 10th anniversary commemoration at Potočari, the UN Secretary-General paid tribute to the victims of "a terrible crime – the worst on European soil since the Second World War", on a date "marked as a grim reminder of man's inhumanity to man".	0
1626: De calido innato (Apologia dictorum Aristotelis De calido innato adversus Galenum) – Venice: Deuchiniana (reprinted in 1634)	0
Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1860: 451-461 .	0
The country where Flappy Bird is ranked the lowest in the App Store is the West African state Guinea-Bissau, where it is only ranked number 683.	1
If Apple was a country, it would be the world’s 27th largest country, between Venezuela and Belgium.	1
de la Entrada Triunfal "de la Borriquita", Iglesia de San Pedro.	0
The edition was scheduled on 16 October 2013 as a 1.1 event; however, the race was later cancelled again.	0
William Napier Shaw (U.K.), 1907 - 1923	0
Other important values which can be found in Podujevo are cultural heritage monuments, created in certain historic periods.	0
Gengar is theorised to be a shadow of a Clefable.	1
Clipping the whiskers of the muzzle or eyes is a topic of minor controversy, as they are thought to help prevent injury because the horse can "feel" when it is approaching an object.	0
Lyashenko made his NHL debut with the Dallas Stars during the 1999–2000 season, seeing action in 58 games, while recording six goals and six assists.	0
There is a German technique of swordsmanship known as ‘Mordhau’, which consists of gripping the sword inverted with both hands and using brute force to incapacitate your enemy with the pommel or cross-guard!	1
It is much easier for dogs to learn spoken commands if they are given in conjunction with hand signals or gestures.	1
Trolleybuses currently serve only one route, numbered 802 in a regional transportation plan implemented in 2007, Monday through Saturday, from about 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.	0
Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects some 90% of the sunlight, making it more reflective than snow.	1
Womens hearts beat faster than mens	1
"End of a Century" (Acoustic)"End of a Century"1994	0
Dana Stevens did an uncredited rewrite before Bruce Feirstein, who worked in the previous two films, took over the script.	0
Austin’s fan-base are known as Mahomies.	1
Oscillatory activity can also be used to control external devices in brain–computer interfaces, in which subjects can control an external device by changing the amplitude of particular brain rhythmics.	0
John Cadbury founded the Cadbury chocolate company in England in 1842 producing the first chocolate bars	1
The feathers on a ducks back are waterproof.	1
The last bridge near the mouth of Pasig River is the Roxas Bridge (formerly called Del Pan Bridge) from Tondo to Port Area.	0
This article is a list of historic places in the City of Kingston, Ontario entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.	0
Tourism is important to the Leeds economy, in 2009 Leeds was the 8th most visited city in England by UK visitors.	0
This option gives ranchers the ability to keep records of breedings and produce consistent offspring.	0
Golbat is the first Pokémon in the National Pokédex to gain a new evolution in a later generation.	1
These aircraft have now been retired from service.	0
+1 year = 8 May 2010	0
28 is the atomic number of Nickel, and the atomic mass of Silicon.	1
The ruins of Pergamum and its library are now major archaeological sites in Turkey.	0
Ever since 2009, DJs on Dutch radio stations have celebrated the first Friday of every July as Comic Sans Day, encouraging their listeners to “send all your mails, print all your reports and all your sticker address labels in this illustrious font”.	1
A newborn cub weighs 500–700 g (1.1–1.5 lb).	0
Harold Gleason and Warren Becker, Music in the Middle Ages and Renaissance (Music Literature Outlines Series I).	0
1,525,000,000 miles of telephone wire a strung across the U.S.!	1
If Donkey Kong is left alone for too long in the Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D he’ll break out a DS-like device and start playing a game that uses the original Donkey Kong sound effects.	1
The annual Wacken Open Air festival is considered to be the largest heavy metal rock festival in the world.	0
Maximian failed to oust Carausius, and his invasion fleet was destroyed by storms in 289 or 290.	0
The original title for the novel was ‘The Dead Un-Dead’.	1
The business plan itself is generally regarded as secret.	0
The Varilux Panamic lens is based on Global Design Management, a technology that manages central, peripheral and binocular vision paramenters.	0
She suffered from oesophageal cancer, which was the cause of her death.	1
The youngest Hall of Fame inductee is Gale Sayers at 34 and the oldest is Ed Sabol, who was 94 upon being inducted.	1
FUE can give very natural results.	0
Speaking of her weird habits, Becky does have some bad habits, too, like biting her nails.	1
It was suggested that the feathers had belonged to a bird and were with the leg still present in the stomach.	0
Polish Fiat 125p 125p/FSO 1 445 699	0
In 2009, Steven appeared as Chaz in the film ‘My Name is Jerry‘.	1
Everyone has experienced something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.	1
His celebrity Crush is Mila Kunis.	1
From the Hip, is a 1987 courtroom dramedy film directed by Bob Clark from a screenplay by Bob Clark and David E. Kelley.	0
New studies show that people may unsuspectingly choose friends who have more DNA sequences in common.	1
He was born in Viipuri and was of Baltic German origin.	0
An iguana can stay under water for 28 minutes	1
The Metamorphosis of Greece Since World War Two	0
This option gives ranchers the ability to keep records of breedings and produce consistent offspring.	0
Others, including Iraq's President, Jalal Talabani, blamed the bombings on "Iraqi Sunni Muslim Arab insurgents" seeking to undercut Premier Maliki's conclave to end political deadlock among the country's leaders.	0
A nonzero vector u = (u 0 ,u 1 ,...,u n ) in K n + 1 also determines an (n - 1) - geometric dimensional subspace (hyperplane) H u , by	0
In 1994, a record for the largest pancake ever tossed measured 15.01m wide, 2.5cm deep and weighed 3 tonnes!	1
One source of mistakes is the ambiguity of the verb "to be", which is sometimes used as a copula ("I am hungry"), and sometimes to designate existence ("I am").	0
The goal of this project is to provide advice regarding the creation and implementation of engineering curricula at the school-age level.	0
In the rather cryptic prose at the end of "Lokasenna", which appears to be derived from Snorri's account, Narfi transforms into a wolf and his brother Nari's guts are used to bind their father.	0
Sound travels 4.3 times faster through water than in air	1
Software Design and Development, an HSC subject in NSW that details the basics of designing and developing software applications	0
In December 2008, Proton resumed product collaboration with Mitsubishi Motors Corporation.	0
The hooves are broad with flat soles and strong dewclaws to help them walk on soft sand.	0
"Let's call the spiny lobster "spiny lobster"".	0
Faust (1 March 1973, 22 May 1973, 29 October 1998)	0
His death was an irreparable loss to the Tsar, who wrote the words upon the despatch announcing it in grief.	0
They played the 'Wyatt Quintuplets' in all three films:	0
Villa Bagnarello, where Charles Dickens lived between 1843 and 1844	0
Re-commissioned a few months afterwards, the airship was wrecked through faulty manoeuvring on May 4, 1911, by stranding in some trees.	0
"Kamao", presented the sports of boxing and featured the story of the former world featherweight champion.	0
Cougars leave scat near scrapes, along trails, in arroyos, under overhangs, in caves, and near kills.	0
Scientists believe that gold can be found on Mars, Mercury, and Venus.	1
Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.	0
Banksy describes himself as a ‘Quality Vandal’.	1
He was editor of the secret Los Alamos Encyclopedia.	0
During Summer 2012, Aston Merrygold started his relationship with Sarah Richards, one of JLS’s backing dancers.	1
Lissarca notorcadensis Melvill & Standen, 1907	0
If humans were able to hear sounds at a frequency lower than 20 Hertz, we would be able to hear our muscles!	1
Ramps grow in close groups strongly rooted just beneath the surface of the soil.	1
Over the years Greer has continued to self-identify as an anarchist or Marxist.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	1
Ever since he was 15, he’s been compared to Mark Ruffalo in terms of his appearance and characteristics.	1
Bowie starred in the Broadway production of The Elephant Man in 1980.	1
Al Jarreau & Metropole Orchestra – Live	0
The so-called System Idle Process is given process ID 0, and System Process is given process ID 4.	0
The tanks of the 2nd DLM, most of the reconnaissance battalions and even some of the infantry reserves were siphoned off to cover the deepening right flank.	0
A dam constructed in 1905 lies immediately west of the bridge.	0
Former DICE employee Robert Briscoe began work on completely redeveloping Dear Esther in 2009, with the full support of Pinchbeck.	0
Cuthbert can sing ‘Hero’ in Spanish.	1
Professional baseball players have an average visual acuity of 20/12, much better than the "good" 20/20 vision most people have.	1
The genus name Lentinus is derived from the Latin lent, meaning "pliable," and inus, meaning "resembling."	0
He writes that he "baptised thousands of people".	0
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.3% of the population.	0
She turns to her informant, Lola, who often supplies Catwoman with information and various jobs.	0
Burnside ordered the grand divisions of Maj. Gens.	0
The change in legal status reflected growing public appreciation and concern for sound mountain lion management.	1
Also in recent years, a major program of restoration of the city's architectural heritage has enhanced local tourism.	0
Longhorn cattle of Africa and Zebu Longhorn cattle originally from India.	0
Mr Burns was originally intended to be a distant relative of the Simpsons family.	1
There are numerous types of impairment that affect computer use.	0
The parsnip was much esteemed and the Emperor Tiberius accepted part of the tribute payable to Rome by Germany in the form of parsnips.	0
The current gold, silver, bronze medal system was initiated at the 1904 Summer Olympics.	0
Stewie joined theatre school, where he eventually worked with Olivia Fuller on a musical number which became a huge success.	1
, The Beothucks or Red Indians: The aboriginal inhabitants of Newfoundland, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1915, Memorial University of Newfoundland & Labrador Website	0
2008 "Wake the Dead" (with Alice Cooper, Along Came A Spider) — Unconfirmed appearance — Osbourne is credited on the CD liner notes as a co-author of the song (along with Alice Cooper and Danny Saber), but not as a musician/singer, and is not audibly evident on the song.	0
They have sturdy feet & legs for grazing efficiently regardless of the climate or terrain.	0
In 1982, Pietri met success with "Je veux croire", a post-disco song with gospel sounds.	0
Weschnitz (60 km), tributary to the Rhine	0
He represented his country at the European Championships in 2006 and 2008 as well as the 2009 World Championship, winning two silver medals with the team.	0
Born to the West (1937) reissued as Hell Town	0
A fully loaded supertanker travelling at a normal speed needs about 20 minutes to stop completely!	1
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing.	0
It is also the name of a related comic book series.	0
The coat of arms is from modern times; they were granted on 9 August 1957.	0
NGC 27 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Andromeda.	1
The most effective time to drink coffee is between 9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m.	1
Every hour, we exhale over 17ml of water.	1
The campaign had a number of notable features.	0
However, on November 1, 2007, while appearing on the RDI program Le Club des Ex, she admitted to having voted for the "Yes" side in the 1980 referendum.	0
It then paralleled the East Coast of the United States, causing massive evacuations and costly preparations from Florida through the Mid-Atlantic states.	0
For the religious ceremony, the bride wore a silk gown with fur trim by Balmain with the Congo Diamond Tiara from the Luxembourg royal family jewels.	0
Telugu literature has flourished in the Penner basin which produced several well-known authors and poets.	0
Hayes is a fan of thrills, and loves going to amusement parks and driving jet skis whenever he gets the opportunity.	1
John Elbert Williams, M.D., a plastic surgeon.	0
After returning home, Frou-Frou and her older sister Louise befriend Georges Sartoris, a family friend who received a knife wound after prosecuting a white man for killing a black slave.	0
Mont Rougemont might be the deep extension of a vastly eroded ancient volcanic complex, which was probably active about 125 million years ago.	0
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing.	0
ABC moved the show from its 8:30 pm Friday night slot (where it was first in its timeslot) to Saturday at 8:00 pm (opposite CBS' top-rated All in the Family, with which it could not compete successfully).	0
defends them vigorously against males lions, which may kill them.	0
Donkey Kong got his name because his creator believed ‘donkey’ meant ‘stupid’ in English and wanted to convey the impression that the character was a “Stupid Ape”.	1
They never arrived because they were stolen by pirates on the way.	0
The E50 type shared a flush-decked layout with the E52 class, and had a similar armament of three twin 57mm turrets) (one forward and two aft) and an anti-submarine armament consisting of a battery of heavyweight guided torpedoes and a 375mm Bofors six-barrel rocket launcher.	0
These are static breakpoints, represented by a 0CC Byte really inserted inside your PE Code Section, like any other Instruction.	0
It was originally made with imperial pure cane sugar.	1
The term has become associated with neoliberal policies in general and drawn into the broader debate over the expanding role of the free market, constraints upon the state, and US influence on other countries' national sovereignty.	0
The largest inland sea is the Caspian Sea which is on the border of Iran and Russia!	1
Emoticons were invented by Scott Fahlman in 1982. :0)	1
Wasps in the UK eat roughly 14 million kg of insect prey during the summer.	1
João's children received rigorous training, while growing up.	0
Nangan Township Nan²-kan¹ Hsiang¹Nángān XiāngNàng-găng Hiŏng	0
The anecdote for which she is known was first related in 1590 by Conrado Flameno in his Storia di Castelleone (History of Castelleone).	0
Men at Work (TV series), a 2012 American sitcom	0
A semi-autonomous governing body (Consejo Regulador) exists for each region and for each food type, comprising skilled, impartial members who investigate the quality, ingredients and production process of each product, ensuring they attain specific quality levels.	0
from November 15, 2003 to November 15, 2004.	0
The film has been released on Region 1 DVD by MPI along with Red Ensign (1934) and The Upturned Glass (1947).	0
To crack a whip the tip must be travelling faster than the speed of sound	1
Pope Leo X declared Henry the Defender of the Faith in 1521 for his Defense of the Seven Sacraments.	1
In 2026 Heinz von Foerster predicts that a level of technological singularity will be reached, an almost equal par between man and machine.	1
Cougars become sexually mature at about 24 months of age.	1
Keep reading for more facts and information on the leopardÂ or alternatively download ourÂ comprehensive worksheet packÂ to utilise within the classroom or home environment.	0
Jan Waliński, murdered by the NKVD in Kharkiv in 1940	0
Other popular Agresti films include La cruz ("The Cross"), the story about a film critic whose job loss precipitates a family crisis; the popular comedy A Night With Sabrina Love, the tale of a teenager who unexpectedly wins an evening with a famous porn star in a television contest; City Life, Luba, Figaro Stories, Everybody Wants to Help Ernest, A Lonely Race, Modern Crimes, and El Acto en cuestión ("The Act in Question"), which won more than a dozen international film awards.	0
A standard 747 jumbo jet has 420 seats	1
13 people die every year from vending machines	1
He met with James Francis Edward Stuart, the "Old Pretender" and son of James II, sometimes known in Europe as the rightful James III, or Prince James, the Prince of Wales (James Francis Edward Stuart; "The Old Pretender" or "The Old Chevalier"; 10 June 1688 – an orphan in 1701, aged 13–1 January 1766) who created him Jacobite Duke of Northumberland in 1716.	0
55% of all movies are rated R	1
Chilean National Museum of Natural History, Santiago	0
On February 12, 2013, Comcast bought the remaining 49% stake in NBCUniversal from General Electric for $16.7 billion, giving the cable operator full ownership of the film and television giant.	0
Example: A child cleans his or her room, and this behavior is followed by the parent stopping "nagging" or asking the child repeatedly to do so.	0
The program has largely consisted of mutual visits to each other's countries in an effort to share "ideas and best practices for military and emergency management."	0
The Empire State Building in New York weighs over 365,000 tons	1
August 12, 1994 &mdash; December 19, 1995	0
CLS 63 AMG (557PS)2013-7-speed sports (AMG Speed-shift MCT)	0
Bella's Puto consumes three to six sacks of rice a day to make puto, depending on the season.	0
This species, Africa's most widespread member of the genus Corvus, occurs from Sub-Saharan Africa, specifically Senegal, Sudan, Somalia and Eritrea down to the Cape of Good Hope and on the large island of Madagascar, the Comoros islands, Aldabra group islands, Zanzibar, Pemba and Fernando Po.	0
Siva Kaneswaran is the Irish member of The Wanted.	1
If F and G are two functors from C to Set, then the exponential F G is the functor whose value on the object X of C is given by the set of all natural transformations from (X,−) × G to F.	0
IBM 4730 — Counter-style Personal Banking Machine (PBM); 1983	0
A swan will mate for life.	1
As the release of the first Electric Light Orchestra album drew near, The Move released what turned out to be a farewell disc, a maxi single in 1972 consisting of "California Man", "Ella James" (from Message, but a track originally planned by EMI to be their first single on the Harvest label) and "Do Ya".	0
Lonomia obliqua is the world’s deadliest caterpillar.	1
Gameshow Carnival 2: Rooftop Stranded (special)	0
II./KG 1 supported the Fourth Army of Army Group B but also supported the race to the English Channel, attacking French targets threatening Army Group A.	0
The lateral line is well-developed and extends onto the caudal filament.	0
Mack, Foxx, Grove and Cochrane have also been inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame.	0
Each of these nerves relays sensation (including pain) from a particular region of skin to the brain.	0
One if Queen Victoria's wedding presents was a 3 metre wide cheese that weighed half a ton.	1
The boy was raised by his grandmother in Kaunas, then a capital of Kovno Governorate.	0
Vertical currency is a type of currency in which the orientation has been changed from the conventional horizontal to a vertical orientation.	0
Seen by Romanian critic Radu Voinescu as an extended anecdote, Nichifor mostly expresses himself with the help of folk sayings, which he casually mixes in with personal observations about the situation.	0
( ) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate fastest lap)	0
The members were Alain Caron (bass guitar), Michel Cusson (guitar), and Paul Brochu (drums).	0
She has German, Slovakian, French Canadian, Dutch and Iroquoin ancestry.	1
Quel can be used as an exclamation.	0
Irradiation of beef is now highly promoted by the industry to increase shelf life, but meat processors have been reluctant to introduce this procedure because of consumer concerns related to its impact on beef quality and safety.	0
Several decades later, Vasiliev moved to work in Dumbarton Oaks.	0
Upon delivery, early 767s were mainly deployed on domestic routes, including U.S. transcontinental services.	0
Apple and pear seeds contain arsenic, which may be deadly to dogs.	1
The benefits of economic growth during the Ravalomanana administration were not evenly distributed, leading to higher costs of living for all Malagasy and a deepening poverty among much of the population with fewer able to increase their wealth.	0
In 1938, he met Alma Wassermann (born Haimann) {b.	0
An estimated time window is 530–100 BC.	0
The piece "Suite Provencale", written for symphonic band by Jan Van der Roost.	0
Image:VanGogh-self-portrait-dedicated to gaugin.jpg|Vincent van Gogh, Self-portrait dedicated to Paul Gauguin, 1888	0
The cosmic entity that gives the Green power rings’ their power is called the Starheart, an ancient artefact created by the Guardians of the Universe.	1
The NDP were defeated in the 1995 election, although Marchese managed to increase his margin of victory against Wong who ran again for the Liberals.	0
The safest car color is white	1
There were times when things looked dim.	0
He subsequently started the newspaper Siglo 21 in Guadalajara, Mexico, and created the literary supplement Primer Plano for the newspaper Página/12 in Buenos Aires.	0
Ocean was designed and built to accommodate an embarked commando and its associated stores and equipment.	0
"Leopard shot in Bilaspur turns out to be a record breaker".	0
The three islands that make up the Cayman Islands – Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman – are in the Western Caribbean, south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica.	1
Daniel Radcliffe identifies as Jewish, and his mother is Jewish too.	1
Other websites, such as Rotten Tomatoes, combines all reviews on a specific film published online and in print to come up with an aggregated rating known as a "freshness rate."	0
A "final" trailer was released on August 16, 2012.	0
73 in the remaining 9 races where Danica Patrick will be driving the No.	0
When a rabbit is happy they jump and twist which is named as “binky”.	1
The most expensive animated film was The Prince of Egypt (1998, the US), which cost 60 million dollars to make!	1
In 2003, the album was ranked number 68 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.	0
In 1964, after an investigation that lasted eight years, the FCC ruled in favor of Westinghouse and ruled the 1956 trade null and void.	0
Moreover, it could be built in stages, and would rapidly reach industrial capacity.	0
"So What" is one of the best known examples of modal jazz, set in the Dorian mode and consisting of 16 bars of D Dorian, followed by eight bars of E Dorian and another eight of D Dorian.	0
The Company was founded by the largest foreign investors: Sonera (Finland), Telia International AB (Sweden) now merged into TeliaSonera, along with Telenor Invest AS (Norway).	0
1982 Commonwealth Games – Brisbane, Australia	0
There were 35 housing units at an average density of 24.7 per square mile (9.5/km²).	0
The company was established in Bergen 1838 and in the 1850s it moved to Stockholm.	0
She even helped Cody Simpson as one of the opening acts on Justin Bieber’s Believe.	1
One of the routes requested by Congress was a road running from Virginia Beach, Virginia to Los Angeles, California.	0
The ideal temperature to fall asleep is between 18-30c (64-86f)	1
Donkey Kong 64 has the world record for the most in-game collectibles of any game today with a total of 3821.	1
Brian fully understands Stewie when he is speaking, but on occasions the family seem to understand him too, such as when Stewie spanked Chris and asked him, “If your teachers ask about your bruises, what will you tell them?”, to which Chris replied “I got hit by a baseball!”	1
and was photographed at Highgrove House at a "Colonial and Native" themed costume party wearing a Nazi German Afrika Korps uniform with a swastika armband.	0
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names, with over 40 in English alone.	1
H Petzsch (1956) mentioned that puma/leopard hybrids had been obtained by artificial insemination.	1
László Raffinsky won twenty caps for the Romania national football team.	0
The founder of Microsoft, Bill Gates, was a college drop out.	1
The Eiffel Tower was built in 1889 by Gustave Eiffel.	1
He finds that Oleander and Doctor Loboto have taken Lili, Sasha, and Milla prisoner.	0
Together they have entered many Six Day Cycling Events in which they have ended up on the podium.	0
Single Okapi head or multiple Okapi heads repeated vertically	0
Regional Express (RE 3) Schwedt - Angermünde - Berlin - Wünsdorf-Waldstadt	0
The song conveys that Sophie is taking a liking to Bill and she tells him she could really care about Bill, if he lets her in, emotionally, as her father.	0
It settled the conditions of freedom for a slave upon whom Holy orders had been conferred; ruled that freemen should not be ordained without the king's or the judge's consent; determined the immunities of ecclesiastics and church property and committed to bishops the welfare of the sick and the poor; settled relations of monks with their abbots and of abbots with the bishops.	0
The Sun makes a full rotation once every 25-35 days.	1
ISBN 3-7633-2060-1 (partial English translation included in PowderGuide: Managing Avalanche Risk ISBN 0-9724827-3-3)	0
Ulrike Deppe Susanne Erbers Gabriele Köllmann303.10	0
(The series lasted for another thirteen episodes before it was cancelled by CBS.)	0
While this is one of the lowest median household incomes in the area, it includes large number of college students who attend SUNY New Paltz, many of whom have incomes that would place them below the poverty line.	0
Revision of the EU novel food regulation	0
Blonde beards grow faster than darker beards	1
This long module is fueled with monopropellant hydrazine.	0
The captions are used artistically; it is common to see the words appear one by one as they are spoken, in a multitude of fonts, colors, and sizes that capture the spirit of what is being said.	0
Washington, Eric K., , Arcadia Publishing, Images of America series, 2002, ISBN 0-7385-0986-8	0
At this time the new society included among its members Caesar Baronius, the ecclesiastical historian, Francesco Maria Tarugi, afterwards Archbishop of Avignon, and Ottavio Paravicini, all three of whom were subsequently cardinals, and also Gallonius (Antonio Gallonio), author of a well-known work on the Sufferings of the Martyrs, Ancina, Bordoni, and other men of ability and distinction.	0
As of 2018, Selena Gomez is the most followed person on Instagram with 138 million followers.	1
Flamingos can sleep in ponds that freeze around their legs at night, drink boiling water, and survive conditions that expose them to arsenic and poisonous gases.	1
A collision of equal elevations results in the two knights bouncing off each other.	0
Since 1732 it had held the office of Erbküchenmeister (Erbhofmeister) of Hesse-Kassel.	0
Subspeciesficaria has a wide distribution throughout the British Isles, becoming scarcer in Scotland.	1
He is a former two-time ECW World Heavyweight Champion and former one-time NWA World Heavyweight Champion, which he held whilst in TNA Wrestling.	0
it also includes a section over the Avenida Primero de Mayo, all these streets are covered by different bus routes which connect it to the rest of the city.	0
On the 25th anniversary of the crash, Peter Otzen Jnr, the son of one of the victims, announced that he was approaching the South African Constitutional Court in an attempt to have the commission of inquiry into the disaster reopened.	0
Bryan Cranston will appear in the Breaking Bad spin-off series Better Call Saul.	1
A post and beam frame supplies this shelter for subsequent cordwood mortaring.	0
Usually, there are three nominated films.	0
He got the part after his mother sent in a Polaroid photograph of her son to the BBC.	1
Somehow, the characters in the game are unable to tell her and her twin sister apart, despite their hair color difference.	0
Under Apartheid in South Africa, Filipinos were classified as black while Chinese were considered "non-white" and Japanese, Taiwanese and Koreans were "honorary whites."	1
At the same time she completed journalism courses under the Press department of Ferghana region.	0
Sesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words	1
He was in daily charge of designing and constructing the new locomotive.	0
His first jump was 144 meters.	0
The club held monthly meetings and a list written in June 1754 showed it had 133 members.	0
Leonard Feather Presents the Sound of Feeling and the Sound of Oliver Nelson (Verve, 1966)	0
Sheena McNeil of Sequential Tart called Kaze Hikaru a "fantastic read for any genre", praising its strong female lead, romance, art and comedy.	0
Phalanthus, the Parthenian leader, went to Delphi to consult the oracle: the puzzling answer designated the harbour of Taranto as the new home of the exiles.	0
Although she began proceedings for divorce in January 1794, it was at the insistence of Condorcet and Cabanis, who wished to protect their property from expropriation and to provide financially for Sophie and their young daughter, Louise 'Eliza' Alexandrine.	0
1980 - Édson Nobre, Angolan footballer	0
Karn was born Richard Karn Wilson in Seattle, Washington.	0
There are over 900,000 known species of insects	1
Becky resents this snub and a rift develops between the two women that lasts for years.	0
Mexico city is sinking slowly at a rate of 6 to 8 inches a year as it is built on a lake, over the ruins of a great Aztec city, Tenochtitlan!	1
Evolutionary progress for the individual requires the individual to "abandon identification with the cultural patterns that have constituted who one is and what one is" (p. 377).	0
When thaw arrived, huge backlogs of fixtures had to be hastily dealt with.	0
XSS viruses can cause high traffic because of millions of infected browsers and/or web servers;	0
Milky Way bars aren’t named after the galaxy; they’re named after the malted milkshakes the bars were supposed to taste like.	1
El Bosque is a town and municipality located in the province of Cádiz, Spain.	0
Unless his students were attractive women or overwhelmingly talented, Beethoven hated teaching piano lessons.	1
In 2009, she skated with the comedian Mikhail Galustian in the Channel One series Ice Age 3 (Russian: ).	0
The novel featured the eponymous Count Dracula and his battle with Abraham Van Helsing.	1
100,000 years ago, coinciding with the high sea-level stand during Marine Isotope Stage (MIS) 5c.	0
Since June 21, 2011 Dunia Fantasi (Dufan) will open Kalila Adventure Animatronic Theater which most complete in the world.	0
Bronze sculptures, although known for their longevity, still undergo microbial degradation; such as from certain species of yeasts.	0
August Kiuru (July 12, 1922 - February 23, 2009) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	0
320/8 (50 ov); 252 (48.5 ov).	0
Though French fries were invented in Europe, the potatoes, from which they are made, originated in the Americas and were imported.	1
He constructed a chapel for his patron, in the church of S. Giacomo Maggiore, and painted for it a St. John preaching in the Wilderness, and the Division of the Elect from the Damned.	0
Here, the Harmonists built a new town in the wilderness, but in 1824 they decided to sell their property and return to Pennsylvania.	0
List of tallest buildings in Dubai	0
The average person swallows 295 times during a meal	1
here, preying on plentiful deer and playing an important role in the ecosystem.	0
All-Time regular season record: 233-222-110 (Through End of 2013 Regular Season)	0
Julius Caesar, then Augustus after him, accumulated offices and titles of the highest importance in the Republic, making the power attached to these offices permanent, and preventing anyone with similar aspirations from accumulating or maintaining power for themselves.	0
Each day, your mouth produces anywhere from 2 to 4 pints of saliva.	1
A navy now had the potential to destroy a superior enemy battle fleet using steam launches to launch torpedoes.	0
The Paul Grunninger Human Rights Award, Paul Grunninger Foundation, Switzerland March 2001;	0
Fewer large US companies are run by women than by men named John.	1
Kirby responded by producing a one-off story called "On the Road to Armagetto", which DC also rejected since it failed to bring closure to the series.	0
Inscriptiones Latinae Selectae, standard abbreviation ILS, is a three-volume selection of Latin inscriptions edited by Hermann Dessau.	0
19th Century: Wherry (1 mast), Schooner (two masts), Clipper (3 masts).	0
Sertindole?3 days99.5%10 h?20 L/kgUrine (4%), faeces (46-56%)OralCYP2D6None	0
He co-wrote the script and co-produced the film.	0
Portuguese national champion Manuel Cardoso from broke out of the leading group within the final kilometer and took the stage win away from Valverde or Cadel Evans, who had seemed poised to contest a sprint with Valverde.	0
The flow conditions in this section makes it the best location for hydroelectric plants.	0
Apples are more effective at waking you up in the morning than coffee	1
There are twelve pairs of ribs in the human body – normally.	1
Cam won the Teen Choice Awards in 2014 &amp; 2015 for ‘Choice Web: Viner’.	1
La Revue du siècle, littéraire, artistique & scientifique, Volume 10, 1896	0
24 June 1 JulyWimbledon Championships London, United Kingdom Grand Slam $900,000 – Grass – 128S/64Q/56D/64X Singles Draw – Doubles Draw – Mixed DrawMartina Navratilova 4–6, 6–3, 6–2Chris Evert-LloydKathy Rinaldi Zina GarrisonBarbara Potter Helena Suková Molly Van Nostrand Pam Shriver	0
Rhea, Gordon C. In the Footsteps of Grant and Lee: The Wilderness Through Cold Harbor.	0
1914- -1919laid up during the Great War	0
Nachtjagdgeschwader 1, from its historic Geschwaderkennung code with the Luftwaffe in World War II	0
After several years of standards development, mainstream businesses are starting to adopt service-oriented architectures (SOA) to integrate disparate data by making them available as discrete Web services.	0
If you find Emma at a bar, you may see her enjoying her favorite drink – a gin and tonic!	1
The median age was 38 years.	0
The Nephilim were on the earth in those days—and also afterward—when the sons of God went to the daughters of humans and had children by them.	0
If you made $1 every second, it would take you 2,921 years to have more money than Bill Gates (over $92.1 billion dollars).	1
It was designed by a Vietnamese game-creator called Dong Nguyen.	1
Traditions like the transfer of knowledge from generation to generation by singing lullabies to children and praising warriors also have a significant role in Balochi music traditions.	0
In 2012, a cat named Orlando beat top investment bankers in a year long investment competition, which he chose by throwing his favorite mouse toy at a grid to select companies to invest in.	1
In 1919 Detré returned to Munich and became the producer of a pantomime company.	0
Another positive fact about Mondays is that it is statistically the most likely day that the U.S. Stock Market will rise, rather than fall.	1
On the track she set national records in the 3000 m and the 10,000 metres.	0
When an individual makes a gesture, another person can understand because of recognition of the actions/shapes.	0
Lent comes from the Middle English word “lente,” which means springtime.	1
The self-dual (infinite) regular Euclidean honeycombs are:	0
Gillette vetoed a plan to sell the patent rights in Europe, believing correctly that Europe would eventually provide a very large market.	0
This differed from Locke's 'tabula rasa' in that it was an active process deriving from the child's nature, which drove the child to learn and adapt to its surroundings.	0
On 19th September 2015, Nash tried to get a trending topic on Twitter #iHeartNash – he said he would follow “a bunch” of his fans if it worked.	1
Sugar is only found in high enough concentrations from two plants to make sugar crystals for food consumption: sugarcane and sugar beets.	1
: Special Class of the Grand Cross of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (2001)	0
He played Youssef Zidan, an Iraqi terrorist on the CBS drama NCIS (Naval Criminal Investigative Service).	1
The tornado then crossed the Mulberry Fork again, moving into Blount County, where it caused significant roof damage to a home.	0
Finally, The Associate Degree is an operational program lasting for 2 years with internships.	0
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.	1
The price of this Apple was a staggering $9,995 USD!	1
The following is a list of the number one overall draft picks since the draft's inception in 1981:	0
Bloch's collection of about 1500 specimens is today preserved at the Museum for Natural History (Naturhistorisches Museum) of the Humboldt University of Berlin.	0
Koenigsmark (1923) directed by Léonce Perret	0
That same year she decides to record music again, but of a different kind, gospel.	0
The Society for the Blind H.Q.	0
With toenail-like crampons...the arduous two-inch ascent from fluid to resting place took more than an hour.” Once rescued the ants ripped the cockroach apart and ate it.	0
No information about any girlfriends have been confirmed by Jacob or through his social media profiles.	1
Americans consume 8 billion chickens per year which is more chicken than beef; at 80 pounds of chicken per capita compared to 63 pounds of beef per capita.	1
Reginald Beck, who had edited two films with Losey prior to 1964, subsequently became Losey's principal editor in a "great partnership" that extended to 1985.	0
You can follow his Twitter account @HayesGrier.	1
Alibris is an online store that sells new books, used books, out-of-print books, rare books, and other media through an online network of independent booksellers.	0
The currency is the East Caribbean dollar.	1
"A case of cannibalism in leopards" (PDF).	0
A magnifying glass uses the properties of a convex shaped lens to magnify an image, making it easier to see!	1
The first Lifesaver flavor was peppermint	1
Walking uses a total of 200 muscles with every step you take.	1
One serving of peas contains as much as Vitamin C as two large apples, more fibre than a slice of wholemeal bread, and more thiamine than a pint of whole meal.	1
He signed a one-year deal and is guaranteed to earn $1.5 million.	0
Since the 1970s, the price of gold has steadily increased.	0
Burger King was founded in the 1950s by businessmen James McLamore and David R. Edgerton and was old to Pillsbury in 1967.	1
Once the cosmocrats ordered Perry Rhodan to find the answers to the three ultimate questions; apparently they have known the answer to the first and second question but not to the third, which reads "Who initiated the LAW and what does it cause?	0
Some new species are highly endangered.	0
The man-made, and thus more controllable, Bridgewater Canal runs through the centre of the town.	0
Olympic swimmers routinely pee in the pool.	1
His first international goal came on 7 February 2003 in a friendly against Malaysia at Kashima Soccer Stadium.	0
The genus name refers to Arén, where it was found, and the specific epithet honours geologist Lluís Ardèvol.	0
In order to take over the planes, the hijackers were able to easily smuggle box-cutters and knives through security.	1
Parliament can make laws as to the appropriations of money (Section 53).	0
The historic film Reefer Madness has also become popular as a "stoner movie" because its anti-drug message is seen by some modern viewers as so over the top that the film amounts to self-parody.	0
In 7 months, 2.4 million pounds of gold was transported from Mount Alexander to nearby capital cities.	0
River snails and a parasite prevented a Chinese invasion of Taiwan in 1949.	1
The coffee beans account for just 4% of the price of a hight-street brand coffee.	1
The founder of the NFL Team Cleveland Browns is Paul Brown.­	1
YearTeamGames PlayedRushing AttemptsYardsAverage Yards per CarryLongest CarryTouchdownsFirst DownsFumblesFumbles Lost	0
They recorded their debut album Parachutes in four different studios.	1
Three laps later, the stewards announced that they were investigating the incident, and would make their decision after the race.	0
In an interview with Dagens Industri, Lars Seier Christensen said that following regulatory approval Saxo Bank will have full banking license in Sweden.	0
After the Civil War, Joseph Lynch, brother-in-law of Joseph Lynch Martin, began operating the mill and the salt works.	0
According to Vander Wal, a folksonomy is "tagging that works".	0
Fire usually moves faster uphill than downhill	1
Stücklen was part of a group of parliamentarians who unsuccessfully proposed changing the German voting system to plurality voting in 1955.	0
Greater shirk or Shirke-al-Akbar means open polytheism.	0
His religious views were unusual for his time.	0
The New York bagel contains salt and malt and is boiled in water prior to baking in a standard oven.	0
The first cacao trees were found in the Amazon River basin and the Venezuelan and Colombian Andes.	1
Jackson reached Strasburg before either of the Union armies and the only source of concern was that the Stonewall Brigade had been delayed at Harpers Ferry, but it caught up with the rest of Jackson's army after noon on June 1.	0
They are short-legged compared to horses, and their coloring varies depending on the season.	0
Before Apple launched the iPhone, alternative names they considered were TriPod, Mobi and TelePod.	1
Alfred Lungley (1905–1989) – awarded the George Cross after the Quetta earthquake of 1935	0
Furthermore the French army was superior in the number of artillery pieces and firepower, served by good trained officers and crews.	0
Bart has nine spikes of hair on his head.	1
His favorite of the Harry Potter books is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.	1
The route starts at Route 620 in Hamtown Corner where it travels east to Birdton.	0
Slightly downstream from Bauman Park are Vista Brook Park, about with trails including one that is accessible to people with physical handicaps, a playground, and courts for basketball and tennis, and Fanno Creek Trail, about , with picnic tables and trails.	0
Some monitors will also switch themselves off after a time period on standby.	0
Most catfish are normally active at night, however the Peppered Cory Catfish is active more often during the day.	1
"Inward convictions and feelings" had arisen from natural selection, as had survival instincts, and could not be relied on.	0
Of those, a few hundred participated in the debates of the founding congress.	0
The distinct Mongolian dialect of this region is Baarin Mongolian.	0
It is unknown what effect a Dementors kiss would have on someone who has split their souls though the use of horcruxes.	1
The district, which includes the entire City of Charlottetown, has an area of 46 km 2 and a population of 32,245 as of 2001.	0
Cartier presented a special award for female business entrepreneurs at the Women's Forum.	0
On 1 December 2012, Rachubka joined Accrington Stanley initially on a week-long emergency loan basis due to an injury sustained to first choice goalkeeper Ian Dunbavin.	0
Japan is the largest exporter of frog legs	1
In accordance with the ICF rules, pocketing the queen adds 3 points to the player's total score.	0
The film is even more focused on Jack (as opposed to Danny) than the novel.	0
Louis had a chilli flavoured ice cream in France and said it was amazing!	1
(...) Both for the production on a mass scale of this communist consciousness, and for the success of the cause itself, the changing of men on a mass scale is, necessary, a change which can only take place in a practical movement, a revolution; this revolution is necessary, therefore, not only because the ruling class cannot be overthrown in any other way, but also because the class overthrowing it, can only in a revolution succeed in ridding itself of all the muck of ages, and become fitted to found society anew.	0
Hartmann, he served in the Church of Holmen in Copenhagen from 1850 until his death.	0
List of Roman army unit types	0
Bruckner had conceived the entire movement; whether the manuscripts he left would have made up the final form of the Finale is debatable.	0
Tailly may refer to the following places in France:	0
According to the Gospels, in this miracle Jesus exorcised the daughter of the Canaanite or Phoenician woman in the region of Tyre and Sidon.	0
Puth was supposedly horrendously unpopular in school and was often more commonly seen at home than socializing.	1
Red Dwarf stars that are low in mass can burn continually for up to 10 trillion years!	1
It belonged to noble families Ratoldoy and Lórantfy.	0
If no proof can be found, the debtor should be released.	0
While Medusa is issuing Black Bolt's war declarations to the Inhumans council he becomes frustrated and snaps his fingers to silence her, indicating that she wasn't relating what he intended.	0
2010: Death of a Pop Star (with David Banner)	0
The majority of mining societies operating in Sardinia depended then on a non-Sardinian capital money.	0
Thomas Jefferson believed the Constitution should expire every 19 years and be replaced with a new one more suitable for the current generation.	1
Louis Tomlinson first met Harry Styles in the X Factor toilets.	1
Amazon now sells more eBooks than it does printed books!	1
As of 2017, her net worth is $15 million dollars.	1
Cycling: 2006 Tour de France – Stage 1: Strasbourg–Strasbourg (184.5 km)	0
Bowie had heart surgery in Hamburg, after being diagnosed with having an acutely blocked artery.	1
Studies in North America have also linked cougar disappearance to ecosystem decline and biodiversity loss.	0
If all the Coca-Cola bottles in the world were stacked end to end, they would reach to the Moon and back more than 1,677 times.	1
The movie Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 received the most nominations this year with nine.	0
U.S. national team exhibition versus Brazil	0
During this period St. Martin's came to be the principal church (or minster) of Utrecht, see of the bishop.	0
A wooden sluice or aboiteau (plural aboiteaux) is then built into the dyke, with a hinged door (clapper valve) that swings open at low tide to allow fresh water to drain from the farmland but swings shut at high tide to prevent salt water from inundating the fields.	0
Red A: the joint between the mandible and quadrate.	0
The Seven Dwarfs are a group of dwarfs that live in a tiny cottage and work in the nearby mines.	0
Their music resonated with the young and created songs which still remain in the history of Greek rock.	0
Asteroids are believed to be ancient remnants of the formation of our solar system!	1
Ashton said his celebrity crush is John Mayer and he would turn gay for him!	1
Iran vs. Australia (1998 FIFA World Cup qualification play-off) – Daei assisted Khodadad Azizi's equalizer	0
The fixed line and broadband operations were started in 2007 after the acquisition of Tele2 Belgium.	0
Because drummer Stewart Copeland had broken his collarbone and was unable to drum, he opted to use his Fairlight CMI to program the drum track for the single.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	1
The Florida panther is a subspecies of Puma concolor (also known as mountain lion, cougar, or puma) and represents the only known breeding population of puma in the eastern United States.	1
Drinking wine before a meal makes you eat 25% more.	1
In 349 the alternative of war offered by Constans, emperor of the West, induced Constantius to reinstate Paul; and Macedonius had to retire to a private church.	0
Yet, this left viewers confused about what actually happened to Jenny.	0
Louis supports Manchester United Football Club.	1
Next followed another HBO televised fight, when Leija fought Ivan Robinson, who had twice beaten Arturo Gatti, on November 11 at Las Vegas.	0
In 1969, following a number of stresses and pressures, William Patterson's contract to write Jeff Hawke came to an end.	0
Honey bees, signifying immortality and resurrection, were royal emblems of the Merovingians, revived by Napoleon.	0
During Israel's siege of West Beirut, Israel surrounded Western Beirut and stationed tanks along the Green Line.	0
The Florida panther is a subspecies of Puma concolor (also known as mountain lion, cougar, or puma) and represents the only known breeding population of puma in the eastern United States.	1
The 2011 JCI Global Partnership Summit in New York took place from June 22 to 24.	0
John Kerr (author) (born 1950), American author	0
IV.i.24 (4-24) : The Trade Part 2 (L'Echange 2ème Partie)	0
Then her film career began, mostly in French films, until her first English appearance in 1964 as Mme Hortense in Zorba the Greek.	0
Famous people who are buried in the Pantheon include painters Raphael and Annibale Carracci, composer Arcangelo Corelli and architect Baldassare Peruzzi.	1
A two-track locomotive shed with a repair workshop completed the ferrovial equipment.	0
In English speaking countries there has been a succession of English translations since 2008.	0
Coca-Cola released a ‘Diet Coke with Bacon‘ flavour!	1
Finally, the largest polar bear ever on record weighed a whopping 2,209 lb (1,002 kg) and was found in north western Alaska in 1960.	1
His main sculptor was Thomas Nicholls who started with Burges at Cork, completing hundreds of figures for Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral, worked with him on his two major churches in Yorkshire, and undertook all of the original carving for the Animal Wall at Cardiff.	0
"Crying in the Rain" (Howard Greenfield / Carole King) – 4:25	0
It consists of the cross-shaped village of Sta.	0
Humans have caused 322 animal extinctions over the past 500 years.	1
Third-party editors that support authoring DITA include Oxygen XML Editor, Quark XML Author, PublishOne, SDL Xopus, FontoXML, FrameMaker, XMetaL, and Arbortext, which are supported by several content management systems.	0
In 2016, 436 leopard deaths were recorded in India - including 154 killings at the hands of poachers.	0
He declined to be a candidate for renomination.	0
1997: Highway to Vegas as Bodyguard #1	0
The first lock was built in 1798 by the Northwest Trading Company.	0
The chicks are precocial, being active with eyes open and clothed in fluffy down as soon as they are hatched.	0
When asked about his favourite colors, Hayes Grier said that he likes red &amp; blue, however when asked what color crayon he would be, he remarked that he would be yellow since it really stands out from the other colors.	1
Every day the heart creates enough energy to drive a truck 20 miles.	1
In 2014, Sony made a cassette tape that can store 185TB of data!	1
There are two Caterpillar generators that can be run single or paralleled.	0
Young Thomas entered Harvard College at twelve, graduating in 1727.	0
Zelda’s name came from F. Scott Fitzgerald’s wife of the same name.	1
Colin Farrell says that Marilyn Monroe was the first woman he fell in love with.	1
After a fight, Christian, who is revealed to be possessed by a demon, gets up and injects him with dead man's blood, incapacitating him.	0
The 2008–09 season proved to be an excellent one for El Hamdaoui and AZ.	0
For instance the second movement of Samuel Barber's first String Quartet is an "Adagio".	0
Since the league's inception, the championship has been played at a pre-designated neutral location.	0
Jada Smith formed a metal band called Wicked Wisdom in 2002, which is still active today.	1
Alastair Jackson, Ciaran Malluly, Helen McInerney,	0
There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark ⸮	1
The main aims of the movement are:	0
"My House" (featuring Jean–Baptiste) – 3:28	0
Phobos and Deimos, named after the sons of Ares.	1
He was particularly interested in the mollusc species of Japan.	0
Most teddy bears are manufactured with a neutral expression so children can project their own emotions onto them.	1
They live anywhere from three to seven years, depending on the environment.	0
They currently generate extra wind power and export the electricity to compensate for petro-fueled vehicles.	0
He was best known for his long-running role as the cook, George Washington Wishbone, on the CBS series Rawhide from 1959 to 1966, which also starred Eric Fleming and Clint Eastwood.	0
Gays and lesbians allowed to serve openly in the military	0
Fatal attacks on humans are rare, but have recently been increasing in North America as more people enter cougar territories.	1
His first single was Can’t Say No.	1
The Cuban night lizard (Cricosaura typica) is a night lizard that lives exclusively in the west corner of the southern-most coast of Cuba.	0
Agamemnon was murdered in much the same way an animal is killed for sacrifice: with three blows, the last strike accompanied by a prayer to a god.	0
In 1910, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.	0
In his younger days, Xiang Yu was instructed in scholarly arts and swordsmanship but he did not manage to master what he was taught, and his uncle Xiang Liang was not very satisfied with him.	0
Seth Macfarlane, the creator of Family Guy voices three Griffin family members; Peter, Brian and Stewie.	1
In 2002, The Cure headlined over 12 summer festivals.	1
Louis likes the word boobs – he thinks it’s a funny word.	1
More than 100 prey species were recorded.	0
It was not until they appeared in Meet the World Beat '95 at the Expo in Osaka in July that the members realized they really became stars after hearing great cheers from the audience.	0
Upon his return to Australia, Thorpe withdrew from the selection trials for the 2007 World Championships and announced his retirement on 21 November 2006.	0
When the strategy to be used against Philip came under discussion, the question arose as to whether it would be better to engage in battle close to home or at a distance.	0
In the early 2000’s, Bruno started to find success by writing songs for many popular artists, including Flo Rida’s “Right Round”, Travie McCoy’s “Billionaire” and K’Naan’s “Wavin’ Flag”, which was the theme song for the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics.	1
Phrases such as "gone to a better world", "gone before", and "joined the silent majority" served as euphemisms for "died".	0
John Kidd (10 September 1775 - 7 September 1851) was an English physician, chemist and geologist.	0
The pianist for the premiere was Hélène Grimaud, with Alexander Briger conducting the London Sinfonietta.	0
The two highest recorded IQs ever belonged to women!	1
The commander of the 5th Battle Squadron was RAdm Hugh Evan-Thomas, M.V.O.	0
Lukas's grandmother is the famous Russian pianist Vera Gornostayeva ( ).	0
Bronze is a mixture of mainly copper and tin: usually nine parts copper to one part tin.	1
The lower your rank in your job, the more likely you are to develop cardiovascular disease.	1
Gerron and his wife were gassed immediately upon arrival, along with the film's entire performing entourage (except for Roman and guitarist Coco Schumann).The next day, Reichsführer SS Heinrich Himmler ordered the closure of the gas chambers.	0
At Survivor Series, in the traditional five-on-five elimination match, Del Rio captained a team against Rey Mysterio's team.	0
by a threshold t and \sigma^2_ i variances of these classes.	0
George Shelley first met Jorgie Porter before entering the jungle on ITV’s ‘I’m A Celebrity‘, they were spotted greeting each other with a kiss.	1
Wounded by artillery fire, Yuri is sent to a battlefield hospital in the town of Meliuzeevo, where Lara is his nurse.	0
The racial makeup of the town is 84.81% White, 26.38% Hispanic or Latino of any race, 3.36% Black or African American, 0.60% Native American, 1.32% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 8.33% from other races, and 1.50% from two or more races.	0
The Times report included an extract from the statement issued by the company (see below).	0
After Nike displayed shirts in the window of a Boston store containing text such as ‘Get High’, the company was criticised by mayor Thomas Menino.	1
Later, they migrated to an area close to Trebinje, Herzegovina.	0
Atzerodt is interred under the fictitious name Gottlieb Taubert in St. Paul's Lutheran Cemetery in Baltimore, Maryland.	0
In 18th century Paris, it was fashionable to wear hats and umbrellas with lightning rods attached.	1
The 28th President of the United States was Woodrow Wilson from 1856 to 1924.	1
Patrick Star is SpongeBob’s best friend.	1
51 men died in the U-boat; there were no survivors.	0
The average sized candy cane (5 inch) weighs roughly half an ounce and only has 50 calories.	1
The specific name, gibbonsi, is in honor of American herpetologist "Whit" Gibbons.	0
As of 2010 it caused about 61,000 deaths down from 272,000 in 1990.	0
He won 44 caps for the German national team and scored five goals.	0
of their body weight at 200 days.	0
Edible dormice are primarily herbivorous, feeding mainly on berries, apples, and nuts.	0
Interestingly enough, Cardi B is a big fan of fast food, especially McDonald’s.	1
New York City Mayor George Brinton McClellan, Jr., who was on the last day of his term of office, rode in the first automobile of a motorcade from Manhattan to Brooklyn.	0
Even though his works are still recognized as brilliant, Shakespeare never attended university.	1
Medicine Tomorrow: Introduction to Cosmotherapy with Guide to Treatment	0
Its name comes from the aboriginal Kavalan tribe.	0
The Russian government maintains that the Soviet annexation of the Baltic states was legitimate and that the Soviet Union annexed those countries due to the Nazi threat at that time.	0
While with Gut Records, she wrote on the Miley Cyrus track, ‘Party in the USA’.	1
In their original games, relatively speaking Mario runs twice as fast as Sonic the Hedgehog.	1
On the other hand, a note from the Roman Ceremonial of 1159 provides that the Iron Crown is so called quod laminam quondam habet in summitate, stating that the iron was once laid over the crown (probably as an arc, as in other crowns of the era), not into it.	0
They have a high calving ease and are very maternal.	0
Another section of the Lycian Way (Likya Yolu) near Çıralı, is the summit of Tahtalı Dağ, also known as Mt.	0
In the firefight, the Black Dragon took the opportunity to scratch out Geraint remaining good eye, rendering him completely blind.	0
The record for passes between table tennis player in on minute is 173.	1
Her work in the Harry Potter series has earned her enough money – over $12 million – that she admits that she never has to work for money again.	1
The 10 percent of non-Orthodox Christians include Catholics (0.03 percent) and several Protestant groups (0.07 percent).	0
Cliffjumper, Crasher, Frenzy, Heatwave, Ravage and Soundwave are sent on a mission to Burpleson Air Force Base to stop the Autobots from controlling the GODS defense system.	0
The 1980’s saw Gucci almost go bankrupt after scandalous stories of the Gucci family hit the press.	1
These plays focus on actual historical events.	0
At the dawn of the 18th century, Protestants remained in significant numbers in the remote Cévennes region of the Massif Central.	0
Although ‘Impossible’ wasn’t Christmas number one this year, it did return to the number one position after Christmas.	1
Less than two dozen people have completed a full length-wise hike through the Grand Canyon – that’s less people than have been on the moon!	1
Jay admitted that the strangest place he has ever had sex is in a barn!	1
President Gerald Ford instituted a general housecleaning among Cabinet officers, and asked Brennan to resign.	0
He began his musical career as a piano player, studying from age four and first playing professionally at age fourteen, but he would later switch focus to the drums, for which he is known.	0
In a 1985 corporate reorganization, Bombardier removed itself from manufacturing locomotives and concentrated on producing passenger train rolling stock, as well as aircraft (following the 1986 acquisition of the federal government Crown corporation Canadair), in addition to its recreational products.	0
Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead gave the game a 4/10, disliking the game's "abominable collision detection" and "infantile effort".	0
For these reasons it may be necessary to perform DNA analysis to determine positively whether a scat is that of a cougar or another animal.	0
The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth, was founded by Eminem.	1
All matches played at Estádio do Pacaembu.	0
Disney Channel is a television channel that is broadcast in Australia and New Zealand.	0
Rail transport in Tasmania consists of narrow-gauge lines to all four major population centres and to mining and forestry operations on the west coast and in the northwest.	0
Only some time later, if the business is profitable, does money return to the business owners—but in the absence of a profit motive, which is reduced in the aggregate by a raise in marginal tax rates in the upper tiers, this activity does not occur.	0
By 1908 there were thousands of storefront Nickelodeons, Gems and Bijous across North America.	0
During its third season's hiatus, ABC Family announced on January 10, 2011, that the show would be renewed for a fourth season.	0
Macy's, Inc., originally Federated Department Stores, Inc., is an American multinational holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.	0
The Zialo language does not have its own writing system; people use French in all official paperwork.	0
It is important not to confuse national sovereignty with indifference, and not to confuse security with xenophobia".	0
Sikorsky S-65, CH-53 Sea Stallion: medium/heavy lift transport helicopter (1964)	0
Textual information: with diverse render variations.	0
Both parents were enslaved until freed under the Proclamation.	0
Drunks words are just sober thoughts.	1
The number 1 cause of blindness in the US is diabetes	1
The first micropipette was patented in 1960 by Dr Hanns Schmitz (Marburg/ Germany).	0
The Aztec word for gold, "teocuitatl," was translated meaning "excrement of the gods.”	0
Each track either contains a digitally encoded media stream (using a specific format) or a data reference to the media stream located in another file.	0
In October 2011, Austin wrote &amp; uploaded a song about his love for Subway sandwiches – called Subway Song which has been watched over half a million times!	1
In Texas, cougars are listed as nuisance wildlife and any person holding a hunting or a trapping permit can kill a cougar regardless of the season, number killed, sex or age of the animal.	0
The average elephant produces 22kg (50 pounds) of dunn each day	1
Statistics of Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the 2003-2004 season.	0
Performance in the European Championship determines qualification for football at the Summer Olympics, which Scotland is unable to compete in.	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	0
The river flows through two regions.	0
Katy Perry‘s cat’s name is Kitty Purry.	1
Niall can put on several accents, he is good at the Scottish accent, the Geordie and American.	1
Torchwood, the spin-off series from Doctor Who is actually an anagram of "Doctor Who".	1
El Nuevo Herald became independent of the Herald in 1998 and by 2003 had an average daily circulation of 90,300.	0
This experience undermines a habitual belief that views of reality and self are solid and fixed.	0
Einstein paid his wife Mileva his entire prize money from his Nobel Prize, a staggering $32,250 which was vastly more than a professor’s salary back then.	1
The most popular names for cougars are mountain lions, pumas, or panthers.	1
Cougars become sexually mature at about 24 months of age.	1
Great-grandson of SaʿadadDīn Aḥmed of Ifat, he continued to fight to liberate Dawaro along with Garad Maḥfūẓ of Zeila.	0
The Taensa are not to be confused with the Avoyel, also known in French as petits Taensas (English: Little Taensa) who were closer to the Tunica people and lived in present-day Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana (mentioned by Iberville in 1699).	0
Vector M12, a vehicle designed by Vector Motors based on the Lamborghini Diablo	0
HPV types 16 and 18 cause an estimated 70% of cervical cancers,	0
The Helsinki Committees for Human Rights exist in many European countries (the OSCE region) as volunteer, non-profit organizations devoted to human rights and presumably named after the Helsinki Accords.	0
According to Anson, the published a statement on , that "Vilatte had never been a priest of this body nor any other genuine Old Catholic Church".	0
As of the 2010 census, the population was 150,642.	0
As a result, we opted for a relatively small boat which is rather light, progressive and very reactive.	0
A large part of the circle was made up of territories ruled by the House of Welf.	0
The opposite sides of a die always adds up to 7	1
He was brought in to bring a physical presence to the Flames lineup, but added an offensive presence for the Flames while playing in a limited role.	0
It is said to eat pearls and separate milk from water from a mixture of both.	0
In 1979, the show was retooled and renamed Archie Bunker’s Place, finally going off the air in 1983.	0
In 1966, the World Cup trophy was stolen prior to the tournament and was missing for 7 days before being found by a dog named Pickles.	1
His important goals contributed to Veria's try in avoiding relegation and made him very fast another favorite player of Veria's supporters.	0
Before his signing to Island Records, Shawn was a member of the MagCon Tour along with other young musicians and social media stars including Nash Grier, Cameron Dallas and Jack Johnson &amp; Jack Gilinsky.	1
A British study found that one third of vegetarians eat meat when drunk.	1
Frank McCusker as Garrett Brink, a Detective Chief Inspector and head of the Belfast murder investigation squad who serves as Gibson's deputy on the investigation.	0
The 1951–52 1re série season was the 31st season of the 1re série, the top level of ice hockey in France.	0
Lap leaders: Riccardo Patrese 52 (1-52), Ayrton Senna 5 (53-57), Nigel Mansell 20 (58-77)	0
The field team travel the world investigating strange phenomena - including monsters, aliens and other superhumans, unusual relics and suppressed military secrets - for both the betterment of mankind and out of sheer curiosity.	0
Foma, a term meaning "harmless untruths" from the fictional religion Bokononism in Kurt Vonnegut's novel Cat&apos;s Cradle	0
It has 99 stores and its floor area is .	0
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 24.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 5.0%.	0
Matches in the Gentlemen's Singles and Gentlemen's Doubles are best-of-five sets; all other events are best-of-three sets.	0
The insurance company backing the payouts for “Who Wants to be a Millionaire” sued the show for being too easy.	1
Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (also with Whips Office)	0
The racial makeup of the city was 22.90% White, 58.02% African American, 5.34% Asian, 10.69% from other races, and 3.05% from two or more races.	0
He wrote The Book of Lost Tales in Staffordshire, whilst recovering from his time at the Somme.	1
It is classed as a gas giant, as is Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.	1
Alliances (novel), a Dragonlance book by Paul B. Thompson and Tonya C. Cook	0
After 1933, the magazine changed to fit in with the trend of National Socialism; nevertheless, it lasted until 1940.	0
The Ticonderoga-class of guided-missile cruisers is a class of warships in the United States Navy, first ordered and authorized in the 1978 fiscal year.	0
Many countries, mostly in Europe like France, Sweden, Germany and Belgium (but also non-European countries like Peru), choose to hold their national and local elections on Sunday, either by law or tradition.	1
Guillaume accompanied his uncle and Charles to Worms, where on January 6 he died aged 22, following a fall from his horse.	0
The most common disease is tooth decay	1
When Shakespeare died, he only left his wife a bed in his will.	1
Headquarters and Services Company – "Hawkeye"	0
In total Sidwell played 37 times in 2006–07 scoring four goals as Reading finished in 8th position narrowly missing out on a UEFA Cup spot.	0
The company's stock, which had once been pumped up to $6 a share, dropped to a price of 3 cents a share and the company was shut down:	0
The composition of the General Synod includes clergy and laity.	0
The mane and tail are thick and long, but the legs do not have excess feathering.	0
Football League Division 2 runner-up: 1986–87	0
Poliwag has the same cry as Ditto in the games.	1
Unbeknown to the Doctor and the humans, a Dalek ship is in orbit near the moon; upon hearing the Doctor's "testimony", the Dalek aboard uses it to activate a "Progenator Device" and alerts its comrades on Earth.	0
Joseph Fry invented the first chocolate bar in 1847.	1
Irish physicians, such as the O'Briens in Munster or the MacCailim Mor in the Western Isles, were renowned in the courts of England, Spain, Portugal and the Low Countries.	0
During the 1994–95 Ashes series against England, he narrowly missed centuries in the Second and Fifth Test in Melbourne and Perth respectively, when he was 94 and 99 not out respectively when the last wicket fell.	0
The Christmas carol “Silent Night” originated in Austria, it was played on a guitar as the organ was too rusted.	1
Swans begin breeding between the ages of 3-4.	1
Elvis subsequently purchased Blackhawks manufactured for him by the Stutz Motor Company in 1971, 1972 and 1973.	0
This show is associated with 20th Century Fox.	1
The town has three health centres providing general practitioner first care services, and a dental centre.	0
The Dodgers began the second half of the season with the return of injured stars Matt Kemp (out since mid-may with a hamstring injury) and Andre Ethier (out for two weeks with a strained oblique).	0
While his elder brother Francesco went on a political and military career, Giovanni had reserved for him the ecclesiastical career.	0
File:WashingtonAtDorchesterHeightsByStuart.jpeg|George Washington At Dorchester Heights, 1806, Boston Museum of Fine Arts	0
In the neighborhood are the church of Santa Maria dell'Isola (1462, enlarged in 1530), the Castle of Marchione (an 18th-century country residence of the Acquaviva), and the ruins of Castiglione (13th-16th centuries).	0
a. Pronunciation: As a mythological figure there is no definitive pronunciation, but in modern English it is : see In the Brythonic language of the time the dd of "Blaiddyd" would have been pronounced , which has allowed some authors to call him "Bathulf, the founder of Bath": see	0
The film opened at #1 with a weekend gross of $19,208,806 from 2,735 theaters for a per venue average of $7,023.	0
Ōsaki - Ikebukuro: Automatic Block System	0
The weirdest gift a fan has given him was a JLS branded condom.	1
In the third eruption also the roof of the Mother Church of San Michele Arcangelo collapsed under the weight of the ash, fortunately without killing anyone.	0
The honey bee has been around for 30 million years.	1
The entire pack is expected to assist in childbearing.	1
When he appeared in It Happened Here, a 1966 World War II film, he wrote many of his own lines, which the filmmakers later said "gave his dialogue an individual slant which enhanced his performance".	0
October 6: Marvel Enterprises announces an agreement with Antefilms Production to produce a new animated television series based on The Fantastic Four.	0
A female Great White can have up to ten young.	1
Martin Van Buren: Martin Van Buren was the first president to be born an American citizen-all before him were British before the American Revolution.	1
It is closed Tuesday and on New Year&apos;s Day (January 1), July 4, Thanksgiving and Christmas (December 25).	0
Farnham's commercial comeback was one the biggest success stories in Australian music in that decade, the former " " spent years out of favour with the public and the industry, often reduced to working in suburban clubs, but he returned in 1986 with the album Whispering Jack, which became the biggest-selling album of that year and remains one of the biggest selling Australian records.	0
Billout also has won several awards.	0
Csongrád is a small and very pretty town especially at the summer time when there are lot to see and do.	0
Destiny’s Child Released their last studio album, Destiny Fulfilled, in 2004 and broke up the subsequent year.	1
“Shrove” comes from the word “Shrive” which means to confess.	1
It is most abundant off the Western Cape, and may venture as far as Saldanha Bay in the west and KwaZulu-Natal in the east; old records from Mauritius, Madagascar, and Zaire are almost certainly erroneous.	0
In the 1990’s, Sprite launched the ‘Jooky’ ad campaign, which poked fun at other soft drinks and their lack of authenticity and bandwagon-driven style of advertising, foremost among the competitive soft-drinks mocked was Pepsi.	1
Skyward Sword is the latest installment including Wii Motion Plus and upgradable weapons/equipment.	1
- JoongAng Daily, 12 September 2005	0
It is in Freeman...of the three the most purely a narrative historian, that the strains are most apparent.	0
In the Philippines, the Corolla is nicknamed "Big Body".	0
Adult leopards are solitary and territorial and will only associate long enough to mate.	1
French Westhoek (French: Westhoek français; Dutch: Franse Westhoek), roughly the arrondissement of Dunkirk, including the cities of Dunkirk, Gravelines, and Hazebrouck, itself part of a larger area known as French Flanders.	0
He owns a pet snail called Garry.	1
The origin of this first germ cannot be explained, but must simply be accepted as a fact.	0
Fecenia cylindrata Thorell, 1895 — China, Myanmar	0
It has an initial boiling point of about 35 °C and a final boiling point of about 200 °C, and it contains paraffin, naphthene (cyclic paraffins) and aromatic hydrocarbons ranging from those containing 4 carbon atoms to those containing about 10 or 11 carbon atoms.	0
She died on 31st May in 2011.	1
Cuban rescue workers use sniffer rabbits to find people in collapsed buildings.	1
The only well-known and well-supported species left were P. antiquus and P. kochi.	0
Special cases include the classical groups, the Chevalley groups, the Steinberg groups, and the Suzuki–Ree groups.	0
The buyers of the Fifty Shades of Grey books are 80% female.	1
Anne Bancroft in 84 Charing Cross Road	0
They may be simple and 1-2 cm wide, or forked into two or more lobes.	0
Following his successful period at Faenza, he joined Genoa in 2002, but did not establish himself as a regular, playing just nine league games and scoring one goal in his first season of Serie B.	0
Ireland was one of the original 12 European nations to begin using the Euro currency in 2002.	1
Patriarch Euthymius I of Constantinople (834-917)	0
A non-deterministic Turing machine can be formally defined as a 6-tuple M=(Q, \Sigma, \iota, \sqcup, A, \delta), where	0
California law does not allow or prohibit lane splitting – when motorcycles from pass other vehicles within the same lane.	1
A. gregorii is deciduous, losing its leaves during the dry winter period and producing new leaves and large white flowers between December and May.	0
The company divested its broadcasting business and decided to focus on publishing newspapers, business information and online marketplaces.	0
St Nicholas was originally a stern, harsh man holding a birch branch who symbolised discipline.	1
These were later sent as rooted cuttings to Veitch Nurseries in England.	0
They were also life-affirming and need to be interpreted in clear contrast to the symbolism of death.	0
In total, there have been over 250 animals used in the Harry Potter movie series.	1
The eyes are prominent, as are the narrow paratoid glands.	0
In both Japanese and Chinese culture, the year is split into 24 blocks of 15 days.	1
For the 2014 World Cup, an armadillo was the mascot – an accurate representation considering it is the one species that can roll up into a ball!	1
Their favourite part about them is their eyes.	1
Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.	1
Instead they suggested a more modest operation to destroy the Allied concentrations around Liège and Aachen.	0
According to Ailred of Rievaulx, friend and one time member of David's court, David "so abhorred those acts of homage which are offered by the Scottish nation in the manner of their fathers upon the recent promotion of their kings, that he was with difficulty compelled by the bishops to receive them".	0
The dark region on the north pole of Pluto’s moon, Charon, is called Mordor.	1
The dance is performed freestyle usually by one dancer at a time in front of the band.	0
Ellis won a 2008 Satellite Award from the International Press Academy for best supporting actor in a television series for his role as Lafayette Reynolds in HBO’s True Blood.	1
These studies reiterate the same core benefits of urban open spaces and none of the options create any inconsistencies with the others.	0
Gandalf suspected that the Necromancer was Sauron before anyone else did.	1
* On original LP pressings of the album, the audio track of "White Shadow" (which was the last song on Side One) continued into the run-off groove, causing the track to play continuously until the tonearm was lifted from the record.	0
November 19 – Jean-Antoine Nollet, clergyman and physicist (died 1770)	0
Tom Parker joined a Take That tribute band called ‘Take That II’ and toured Northern England.	1
Carter’s celebrity crush is Ariana Grande.	1
On November 11, he was arrested in Scottsdale, Arizona after allegedly punching a cab driver outside of a bar the night before the Flames' were to play the Phoenix Coyotes.	0
Consumer research has proven that an orange lawnmower is easier to find in long grass than a blue one, this was why in 1977 Flymo changed from blue to orange.	1
At the 2009 edition of the race, 4897 runners finished the marathon course, which included 556 women.	0
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and 0.33% is water.	0
Chocolate is brown because the cocoa bean that it comes from is also brown.	1
After unsuccessfully trying to farm it, the corporation sold it to Florida for $12 million.	0
Renée of France (1510–1575), married Ercole II d&apos;Este, the Duke of Ferrara, and became the Duchess of Chartres.	0
Its extra digit is adapted to grasp food.	1
The United Kingdom Intellectual Property Office discusses the technique and notes that the technique (as well as commercial registries) does not constitute dispositive proof that the work is original nor who the creator of the work is.	0
Flareon is the only fully-evolved Fire-type Pokémon that cannot learn SolarBeam.	1
Panthers are usually quiet, but they do communicate through vocalizations that have been described as chirps, peeps, whistles, purrs, moans, screams, growls, and hisses.	1
People once believed the proverb that ‘the moon is made of green cheese’.	1
Louis says that fans who thinks he is gay, “are not real fans”.	1
The Gesta Treverorum (Deeds of the Treveri) is a collection of histories, legends, wars, records of the Archbishops of Trier, writings of the Popes, and other records that were collected by the monks of the St. Matthias Abbey in Trier.	0
A group of cows is called a 'herd'.	1
Americans consume over 10 billion bowls of soup each year	1
On 25 April 2002, The film was subsequently banned and pulled from cinemas and still remains prohibited in Australia due to exploitative and offensive depictions of sexual violence, extreme violence and depictions of behavior and fetishes that are considered offensive/abhorrent.	0
Because the owners had locked the doors to the stairwells and exits – a common practice at the time to prevent pilferage and unauthorized breaks – many of the workers who could not escape the burning building jumped from the eighth, ninth, and tenth floors to the streets below.	0
Most livestock is owned by individual households.	0
lapsus calamiinadvertent typographical error, slip of the pen	0
He is currently married to actress Jocelyn Towne.	1
However, the Sixers clinched a playoff berth with a win over the Atlanta Hawks on April 4, 2008.	0
In August 1947 India gained its independence from the British after a long and grueling fight.	1
About 3.9% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.	0
Their tour at the beginning of 2015 sold out in most large venues, meaning that the managers had to arrange extra dates for fans.	1
Midway through the 1964-65 campaign, Guerin became the Hawks' 10th coach in nine years, replacing Harry Gallatin as player-coach.	0
DJ Evil Dee of Da Beatminerz	0
It is believed that domesticated reindeer have been around since the Bronze and Iron Ages.	1
In 1438, at the turn of Burmese calendar year 800, Mohnyin Thado on the advice of a court astrologer decided to renumber the calendar by subtracting two years.	0
Las Vegas has numerous Hispanic and Asian groups as a part of its demography, making it one of the largest multi-racial populations in the country.	1
2007 : Alexander N. Guz (UA)	0
Michael would like to ask out Chloe Moretz, and even has her number saved on his phone!	1
A person will die from total lack of sleep sooner than from starvation (Death can occur about 10 days without sleep while starvation takes a few weeks)	1
After distributing a demo tape, the band were signed to Fiction, through Polydor Records.	1
Richards was cast in two episodes of the ABC sitcom, The Real McCoys: as R.T. Overland in "Weekend in Los Angeles" (1960) and as Colonel Martin in "You Can't Beat the Army" (1961).	0
On April 1st, 2005, NASA pulled an April Fool’s prank telling the world that they had found water on Mars.	1
After becoming widely used in Continental Europe it entered England in its Old French form Robert, where an Old English cognate form (Hrēodbēorht, Hrodberht, Hrēodbēorð, Hrœdbœrð, Hrœdberð) had existed before the Norman Conquest.	0
Atlantea pantoni (Kaye, 1906) – Jamaican Checkerspot (Jamaica)	0
Five other editions were published in London from 1739 to 1751–1752.	0
The author of the Harry Potter series, J.K.Rowling, is the first billionaire author in the world.	1
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 657 people.	0
The first ever VCR (Video Camera Recorder), which was made in 1956, was the size of a piano!	1
As pop acts like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Beach Boys and The Kinks rapidly gained expertise in studio recording techniques, the leaders of many of these groups eventually took over as producers of their own work, although this was often not credited.	0
The first paperback book was printed by Penguin Publishing in 1935	1
Lahti’s annual music festival programme includes such events as Lahti Organ Festival, Jazz at the market place and Sibelius Festival.	0
Despite suffering from a fever at the time, he fought at the battle of Dreux in 1562.	0
Pretty Woman is considered by many critics to be the most successful movie in the genre.	0
In Kedrovaya Pad Nature Reserve roe deer is their main prey year-round, but they also prey on young Asian black bear if less than two years old.	0
Harvard Business School Working Knowledge, 2004.	0
Stuff@school is a weekly pullout distributed every Monday to schools that subscribe to The Star.	0
The war saw main battles at Custoza and Novara in which the Austrians under Radetzky managed to defeat the Piedmontese.	0
In 2003, Chancellor James Moeser announced the Carolina Covenant, which provides a debt free education to low-income students who are academically qualified to attend the university.	0
Connor has a fear of moths.	1
Pruefer or Prüfer is a surname of German derivation, and may refer to:	0
In 1999 NASA lost an orbiter as one half of the engineers were using metric measurements and the other were using imperial.	1
The park comprises an area of about , stretching up to the Karlsberg mountain with the Hercules monument on the summit at .	0
(1952) - "The God Wheel" - Tales from Underwood, Arkham House and Pellegrini & Cudahy.	0
Most of the studies on global agriculture assessed by Schneider et al.	0
Also in 1899, he volunteered to fight in the Second Boer War, but was turned down because of a medical condition.	0
In good conditions, this route is fairly easy and objectively safe, however in bad snow conditions and/or bad visibility, the ridge can be challenging because of large, sometimes double, cornices, mainly on the southern side of the ridge.	0
Gyula MoórOctober 29, 1945 – July 24, 1946	0
Palazzo di Giustizia, a courthouse built in the 15th century.	0
The Port of Cape Town (specifically the V&amp;A Waterfront) made headlines worldwide during 2009 when plans to berth the iconic liner QE2 were announced.	0
Dıy – næ sin æmæ qıg!	0
The term ‘footage’ comes from films being measured in feet, when being edited in the early days of film making.	1
Now-a-days it means the endeavour, by the power of imagination, to portray some historical event of past days."	0
Prince-Bishopric of Liège - Otbert (1091–1119)	0
Winfried Schich: Die Entstehung der mittelalterlichen Stadt Spandau, in: Wolfgang Ribbe (ed.	0
As the group played more venues around Buffalo and became a regular at the Tralfamadore Cafe, their increasing popularity landed them opening slots for national acts and performances in nearby Rochester and Cleveland.	0
Google+ was developed under the code name ‘Emerald Sea’.	1
Jaco Bekker (born 1983), South African rugby player	0
The Ancient Greeks used to use the bones of sheep for dice.	1
It was followed in 1995 by Dark Side Romance, a karmic thriller-romance.	0
Oljaito, the Mongol ruler conquered Lahijan in 705 AH.	0
The Group also has strategic interests in other entities.	0
When Aston was younger, he wanted to be a professional footballer.	1
She did not react, as she had done previously, to another plagiarised work of 1675 called The Accomplish'd Ladies Delight so it is likely that she did not live to see it appear.	0
2 out of 5 people marry their first love	1
PSA was first measured quantitatively in the blood by Papsidero in 1980, and Stamey carried out the initial work on the clinical use of PSA as a marker of prostate cancer.	0
As of 2014, Curators at the museum include Nancy Spector.	0
He also claims he’s a softy and cried when Jaws died.	1
Whether the petitioners' criminal convictions under the Texas "Homosexual Conduct" law—which criminalizes sexual intimacy by same-sex couples, but not identical behavior by different-sex couples—violate the Fourteenth Amendment guarantee of equal protection of the laws?	0
The borough of Elizalde - Basque for "side of the church" - started out as a small number of houses built against the church walls.	0
What characterizes Fichte’s, Schelling’s, and Hegel’s speculative idealism in contrast to Kant’s critical idealism is the recurrence of metaphysical ideas from the rationalist tradition.	0
Polar Bears can run at 25 miles an hour and jump over 6 feet in the air!	1
Tito Guízar (1908–1999), Mexican singer and actor	0
The Jazz Singer (soundtrack), the 1980 remake's soundtrack	0
The capital city of the Principality of Serbia, Ras, which was ruled by the Vlastimirović dynasty from 768 to 980 is found near the city and has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	0
P!nk’s father is Catholic and her mother is Jewish.	1
The government of Kazakhstan threatened Baron Cohen with legal action following the 2005 MTV Europe Music Awards ceremony in Lisbon, and the authority in charge of the country's country-code top-level domain name removed the website that he had created for his character Borat (previously: http://www.borat.kz) for alleged violation of the law—specifically, registering for the domain under a false name.	0
The normal number of eggs in a clutch is anywhere from three to nine.	1
The Adirondack Museum contains extensive collections about the human settlement of the park while The Wild Center is dedicated to the natural world of the Adirondacks.	0
In addition they were largely involved in , where most of the wrestlers in the game were members of JCW.	0
He cites George Carlin and Woody Allen among his influences.	0
The 30th of November is known as “Computer Security Day“.	1
Beatlemania was a Broadway musical revue focused on the music of The Beatles as it related to the events and changing attitudes of the tumultuous 1960s.	0
Thus, in most cases national and ethnic borders do not coincide with dialectal boundaries.	0
"Stink Fest Brings Big Crowds to the Huntington's West End".	0
Canadian common law recognizes a limited right to personality.	0
Phillip J. Fry (also known as Fry) was frozen when he delivered pizza for Panucci’s Pizza.	1
It consists of church objects, church books and historical documents from the 18th and 19th century.	0
Caffeine serves the function of a pesticide in a coffee plant!	1
He commanded the First Brigade in Arthur MacArthur's Second Division during the Philippine-American War until January 1900.	0
This character was made with the thought in mind that it can never stand boredom.	1
Rufus Wilmot Griswold (1815–1857), literary critic	0
In Eastern Finland, the guerrilla movement was gradually extinguished.	0
Niall likes girls who can put on different accents or speak different languages.	1
Seaking and its pre-evolved form are the only Pokémon that can learn Waterfall through leveling up.	1
The typical flight chief is a Master Sergeant.	0
1974 Vocal cycle to the verses by A. Voznesensky	0
At its greatest extent, Northumbria stretched from the Irish Sea to the North Sea and from Edinburgh down to Hallamshire in South Yorkshire.	0
When Ben, Richard and Miles arrive at the Barracks, Widmore is there, and is soon joined by the Monster.	0
Worldwide cucumber production was 57.5 million tons in 2010 alone, with 40.7 million tons of the production and export happening in China.	1
Regional jets are operated on all United Express flights serving Mobile.	0
Even if they had determined that the samples contained gold, however, it was not payable gold.	0
They are able to reproduce up to 10–15 years of age.	0
Both were son-in-laws of the Chebi Khan, the ruler of the Eastern Qaghanate at the northern Altai, who now held hegemony over the surrounding tribes, including the Qarluq.	0
Milk and cookies derives from an Old Dutch tradition of leaving food for St Nicholas on feast day.	1
Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.	1
John Wansbrough believes that the Quran is a redaction in part of other sacred scriptures, in particular the Judaeo-Christian scriptures.	0
There were 7,550 households out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families.	0
The party is formed of former members of Union Montreal, such as Marvin Rotrand, as well as the Vision Montreal party and their leader, Louise Harel.	0
The record for the longest period without sleep is 11 days.	1
Since 1939 the Zamboni family has also operated Iceland, an ice skating rink with improvements patented by Frank Zamboni.	0
That love proved essential for Maleficent to undo her curse with Aurora restoring Maleficent's wings to her.	0
Painting pictures and designs on fingernails was a familiar practice to the Incas, many of whom had eagle designs on their fingers.	1
France has an estimated population of 64.5 million.	1
A mother rabbit feeds her kids for just about five minutes a day.	1
Raised in France by his mother after Tone's death, William was appointed a cadet in the Imperial School of Cavalry in 1810 on Napoleon's orders.	0
ω, the smallest infinite ordinal number, also understood as the set of all natural numbers	0
Katy is releasing a perfume brand named ‘Purr’.	1
Egoistic relative deprivation can be seen in the example of a worker who believes he should have been promoted faster and may lead that person to take actions intended to improve his position within the group; those actions are, however, unlikely to affect many people.	0
Its national team then split from the Soviet Union national football team (a UEFA member) and joined the Asian Football Confederation's Central and South Asian Football Federation.	0
Porsche now had three wins and two seconds equaling ninety points, which meant that only another win could add five more points to their tally.	0
More people have died taking selfies this year than through shark attacks.	1
The Bangladesh Forces was organized for War of Independence in 1971 under 11(eleven) sectors and subsequently into three brigade size commands with ultimately only one being fully operational and organised, Z Force.	0
The yo-yo was originally used as a weapon for hunting the in the Philippines	1
Aaron Carpenter first tweeted on 13th January 2013, it was about his trip to the dentist.	1
Two-thirds of the galaxies in the known universe are spirals, and two-thirds of those are barred, the Milky Way ticks both of these boxes making it one of the most common galaxy designs.	1
Lower grade material is trucked to the facility from the mine.	0
List of castles in the Île-de-France	0
in the Myrtaceae, and saffron plum (Sideroxylon celastrinum) in the Sapotaceae.	0
Head to The Pilot House at Sebasco Harbor Resort for a very good meal and to say hi to Fred the Seagull.	0
Did you know that there are also black leopards?	0
He is currently a citizen of three different countries; Argentina, Italy and Vatican.	1
Velocity/energy at 100 m: 463 m/s / 320 Joule	0
In the 13th Century, King John kept lions in the Tower of London as part of his menagerie.	1
In the table banzos are auctioned.	0
They re-use woodpecker holes for nesting, rather than making their own holes.	0
It is thought that they are the only mammals able to see ultraviolet light.	1
Most visitors land on Grand Cayman, as the name implies, the largest of the three islands, and inter-island flights are available to get to the other two sister islands.	0
After the Tears Roll Down album made a return to the UK top 10 in 2004, the DVD was reissued with the original white "sunflower" cover.	0
At the election in 2012, SPD achieved 30.4% of the votes, not enough to beat the ruling CDU that got 30.8% of the popular vote.	0
Lyudmila lies asleep in Svetozar's banquet hall.	0
The UP was a coalition of left and center-left parties dominated by the Socialist Party of Chile and the Communist Party of Chile, both of which sought to implement deep institutional, political, and economic reforms.	0
He began a career as a child actor and model, and won his first major role as the Artful Dodger in the London production of Oliver!.	0
C 10 H 19 O 6 PS 2malathion121-75-5	0
He’s a big fan of music too, and many of his friends have seen his huge collection of records.	1
Like Krusha, they are big, tough brutes, only they have five different hair colors for the blueprints they protect from each Kong.	0
He had in the meantime improved his position by an alliance with Wladislaus Lokietek, king of Poland, and had his daughter Aldona baptized for the sake of betrothing her to Władysław's son Casimir III.	0
His top two musical influences are You Me At Six and All Time low.	1
Niall Horan Tweeted a link to 5SOS’ Out of My Limit video on YouTube on its release date.	1
In February 2012 Iran adopted a new penal code, which officially banned the death penalty for minors under the age of 18 Until 2005, some US states also carried out juvenile executions (see Roper v. Simmons).	0
In November 2011, Triumph sailed from her home port in Devonport for a seventh month deployment that will see her away from the UK until summer 2012.	0
this film resides in the performances by Eric Roberts and	0
East Japan Railway Company (JR East) - Sōbu Main Line	0
Scholars of the 19th century used chemical means to read palimpsests that were sometimes very destructive, using tincture of gall or later, ammonium bisulfate.	0
Scheduled opposite NBC's Unsolved Mysteries and ABC's Growing Pains on Wednesdays, Hard Time on Planet Earth ranked 65th out of 81 programs upon its premiere.	0
Jean Henri Jaume Saint-Hilaire (October 29, 1772 - 1845) was a French naturalist and artist, born in Grasse, France.	0
With the 1976 Copyright Act, Congress abolished the dual federal-and-state copyright system, replacing it with a single federal copyright system.	0
A member of the Polish resistance movement, Home Army (AK), during World War II, he is one of the best known and the most translated post-war Polish writers.	0
14.12 May 1968Amjadieh Stadium, Tehran, Iran 6–1WinFriendly	0
This expense was questioned by the press, since Matsuoka had a very small office.	0
His masterpieces are the great albums of railway constructions and the great panoramic views of the city of Rio de Janeiro and its development.	0
According to the tradition, Shin Arahan was a Theravada Buddhist monk from Thaton Kingdom.	0
The student body is separated into two sections, A and B. A-Section attends classes from July to September and then from January to March, while B-Section attends classes from October to December and April to June.	0
He amassed Eredivisie totals of 240 games and eight goals over the course of ten seasons, representing in the competition Sparta Rotterdam, Groningen and Heracles.	0
Carotenoids belong to a larger class of phytochemicals known as terpenoids.	0
Baldknobbers - Vigilantes on the Ozarks Frontier, Mary Hartman and Elmo Ingenthron, Pelican Publishing (1988) ISBN 978-0-88289-683-0	0
Famous people who are buried in the Pantheon include painters Raphael and Annibale Carracci, composer Arcangelo Corelli and architect Baldassare Peruzzi.	1
A turkey is the relation of the grouse.	1
By May 1, Liberty completed the transaction and placed four directors on Charter's board.	0
The sermons of Cheminais were edited by Bretonneau (4 volumes, 12 mo.	0
The original TRON movie (1982) was not considered for a visual effects Oscar because the Academy felt the filmmakers had cheated by using computers.	1
Dick Barry, 87, American politician, member of the Tennessee House of Representatives (1954 1967), Speaker (1963 1967).	0
Mother and son emigrated in December 1901 to New York, where Carl August qualified as a pharmacist.	0
A first-class share was worth ₤42 13s 10¾d; a sixth-class share was worth 9s 1¾d.	0
This is because in order for the ecosystem to sustain itself, there must be more energy at lower trophic levels than there is at higher trophic levels.	0
One of the main attractions in Pyongyang's Zoo, in North Korea, is a chimpanzee that smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.	1
He was also in goal for United when they suffered an FA Cup exit to Second Division Burslem Port Vale in 1898.	0
Many of the Elders fell to Atum and those who weren't destroyed, fled to other dimensions:	0
The storm featured well-developed outflow in all directions.	0
The sentry hollered to First Sgt.	0
Montezuma II, an Aztec emperor, drank over 50 cups of chocolate per day.	1
Local service (TER Rhône-Alpes) Lyon - Givors - Saint-Étienne - Le Puy-en-Velay	0
surveys of streams and other water bodies.	0
There were 9 households of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, and 55.6% were non-families.	0
The north and south boundaries of the Central Gardens are marked by a row of statues, popularly known as the Gothic kings— sculptures representing five Visigoth rulers and fifteen rulers of the early Christian kingdoms in the Reconquista.	0
United then survived several lapses in concentration throughout the first half before Paul Scholes got their equaliser with 10 minutes left in the half; Darren Fletcher pulled a low cross back from the right side of the penalty area, and Scholes shaped to hit the ball with his right foot.	0
Multilateral export controls and international regime theory: the effectiveness of COCOM.	0
The band's lyrics consist of several different themes, mainly upon the foundation of politics, such as government control, fascism and corporate control.	0
Mountain Lions are excellent jumpers and have been documented to leap horizontally 40 to 47 feet (12.2 - 14.3 m) and 10 to 18 feet (3 - 5.5 m) vertically.	1
In May 2012, Louis was woken up by a naked man trying to enter his hotel room at five in the morning – The man was drunk and apparently just looking for the toilet!	1
65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people in general are left-handed.	1
His debut studio album is Contrast.	1
In 1926, Joseph Amrito Lal Singh, the rector of the local orphanage, published an account in the The Statesman published from Calcutta saying that the two girls were given to him by a man who lived in the jungle near the village of Godamuri, in the district of Midnapore, west of Calcutta, and that the girls, when he first saw them, lived in a sort of cage near the house.	0
As usual, the votes had barely been counted when office-seekers besieged Garfield.	0
On an average work day, a typist’s fingers travel about 12.6 miles.	1
He was the manager of Steaua Bucureşti from 1974 to 1975.	0
He is also a big fan of tennis, baseball, and basketball.	1
The first albums Cardi B ever bought were by Missy Elliott and Tweet.	1
Locke was born three months premature.	1
His job title is Fry cook.	1
He was born in Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro state.	0
He was born in Wokingham, Berkshire, England.	1
This followed the convention that two imperial lineages took the throne in turn, although Emperor Ichijō was in fact Iyasada's junior.	0
Chewing gum burns 11 Calories per hour.	1
Between 1999 and 2003, Des'ree studied photography, ceramics and art at the Camberwell College of Arts.	0
After the victory of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia in October 2000, he was elected President of the Chamber of Citizens of the Federal Assembly on November 3, 2000.	0
Chemosynthesis, the synthesis of biological compounds into organic waste, using methane or an oxidized molecule as a catalyst	0
By 1893 there were 211 mining claims.	0
1 square inch of human skin contains 625 sweat glands	1
Brazil is the only country to play in every World Cup between 1930 and 2018.	1
He says he doesn’t understand why girls are attracted to him.	1
A male squirrel can actually smell a female in heat, from up to a mile away.	1
There also are other markets, like the weekly small country market on Fridays and the 'Oud-Drentsche Markt' which is in summer season on Wednesdays.	0
Holy Trinity according to many sources was built in 1475-76, Holy Trinity's decoration was added in 1741.	0
Platform: AutoCAD 2009; first release available for the x86-64 windows version of XP and Vista.	0
He quit smoking before filming Casino Royale, but calls it a ‘constant struggle’.	1
International Songwriting Competition (ISC) 2008 Performance (second place) for "Giant Mistake"	0
This runestone in style RAK is located in Tuna.	0
In 1986, Ronald Reagan vetoed an anti-apartheid legislation enacted by the U.S. congress to impose sanctions against South Africa and stop apartheid.	1
Bacon affects the brain the same way as cocaine, overloading pleasure centers in the brain and requiring increasing amounts to be satisfied.	1
29th September is National Coffee Day.	1
Reviewers noted that the video juxtaposes "formalism, biography, and psychoanalysis" and "hints at conspiracy, calling attention to the Woodman family's unwillingness to make the bulk of her body of photography available…."	0
Dhiab's football talent was discovered by his uncle, Hedi Dhiab, who developed Tarak's ambidextrousness.	0
Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects some 90% of the sunlight, making it more reflective than snow!	1
BTS was the first K-Pop group to get their own Twitter emojis.	1
After the Ethiopian trade mission in the Somaliland city of Hargeisa was hit by a suicide bomb attack, which killed at least four Ethiopian civilian lives on 29 October 2008, three human rights activists working for the Ethiopian Human Rights Council in Nekemte were arrested, but were released by 27 November.	0
All songs were written or co-written by members of Public Enemy, except "Godd Complexx", which was written by Jalal Mansur Nuriddin a/k/a Alafia Pudim.	0
Since 2001, new registrants to the domain have been required to be United States-affiliated institutions of higher education, though before then non-U.S.-affiliated—and even non-educational institutions—registered, with some retaining their registrations to the present.	0
This quartet is one of Beethoven's most elusive works musically.	0
The Stille-carbonylative cross-coupling employs the same conditions as the Stille coupling, except with an atmosphere of carbon monoxide (CO) being used.	0
, by Marc Riboud, October 1967	0
It is impossible to hum while your nose is plugged close!	1
FitzGerald's subsequent volumes include America Revised, a highly critical review of history textbooks (1979); Cities on a Hill (1987); Way Out There in the Blue: Reagan, Star Wars and the End of the Cold War (2000), a Pulitzer finalist;	0
Guava is used, in some form or another, to treat an array of ailments including fever, constipation and diarrhea, high blood pressure, hypercholesterolemia and dysentery.	1
From Earth, Jupiter is the third brightest object in the night sky, after the moon and Venus.	1
BDEAC, Central African States Development Bank,	0
Artificial Christmas trees have outsold real ones every year since 1991	1
Tobey Maguire, who played Spider-Man in the 2002 film, had a fear of heights.	1
Zac Efron has confessed to being “star struck” by the stunning Angelina Jolie.	1
It is predicted that the reason why night insects, such as moths, are attracted to lights is because they mistake them for the light of the moon, which they used to navigate the Earth before mankind made artificial lights.	1
They also changed the name of Cartoon Network Theatre (the movie block of the channel) to Cartoon Network Popcorn with the major visual theme being recurring 'dynamic lines'.	0
Crozier turned away 35 of 36 shots to earn the franchise's first victory, 2–1.	0
Four cows in Stearns county Minnesota were picked up by a tornado and set down unharmed.	1
Six months later, the Leningrad Front took over the town of Narva.	0
The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.	1
The biggest winner was a film belonging to the Parallel Cinema genre, Ardh Satya, a hard-hitting look at the corruption prevalent in the system and the politician-police-criminal nexus.	0
Also, it was Woodhull's dispatches that informed Tallmadge and historians of the capture of "friends", including "one who hath been ever serviceable to this correspondence" on October 26, 1780, during the period of Arnold's spyhunt.	0
The agreement committed both parties to conducting all relations between the groups by the most cordial goodwill and understanding, to work together to encourage immigration of Jews into Palestine on a large scale while protecting the rights of the Arab peasants and tenant farmers, and to safeguard the free practice of religious observances.	0
On a visit to China in 1964 he was met by Zhou Enlai, but on a visit in 1972 he was deeply depressed by the changes under the Cultural Revolution.	0
Zealandia supports substantial inshore fisheries and contains New Zealand's largest gas field, near Taranaki.	0
The evolution of Rhinocerotidae and Equidae in the Miocene grasslands proceeded along parallel lines from similar causes.	0
The only model of car featured in the game is the Ferrari F355 Challenge model.	0
These claims are based on the historical notion of Bilad al-Yaman as well as the Rasulid state of the 13th-15th centuries and the Zaidi state of the late 17th and early 18th centuries which encompassed most of the territory of Greater Yemen.	0
There were 7,378 households out of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.5% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 63.9% were non-families.	0
Hawaiian tradition says that he was killed by a chief named Kalaimanokahoʻowaha or Kanaʻina.	0
So far, TBM have released five studio albums: Nothing and Nowhere (2002), Violet (2005), Walking With Strangers (2007), Pins and Needles (2010), and Hide and Seek (2012).	0
Universal Pictures and Focus Features secured the rights to turn the series into films in 2012.	1
Universidad de Chile wins final by PK 2-0.	0
Pokemon stimulates the same part of the brain in children as heroin!	1
1771 - Marie François Xavier Bichat, French anatomist and physiologist (d. 1802)	0
Home to an important mission of Bethlehemites, they maintained a convalescent clinic there until their papal suppression in 1821.	0
In 2013 the group appeared on Disney’s “The Next Big Thing”, a series that was also broadcast on the Disney Channel, Disney.com, Radio Disney and other Disney venues.	1
1936 - Basil Zaharoff, Greek businessman and philanthropist (b.	0
Even though he wouldn’t rule anyone out, Noah says he probably wouldn’t date a fan.	1
Enamel is the Hardest substance in the human body!	1
Hayes’ favourite animal is a tiger.	1
MPEG-1 Layer II was derived from the MUSICAM (Masking pattern adapted Universal Subband Integrated Coding And Multiplexing) audio codec, developed by Centre commun d&apos;études de télévision et télécommunications (CCETT), Philips, and Institut für Rundfunktechnik (IRT/CNET) as part of the EUREKA 147 pan-European inter-governmental research and development initiative for the development of digital audio broadcasting.	0
KR won the inaugural championship in 1912 after a play-off with Fram.	0
The next three most popular parties were the FDP (22.22%), the SP (16.67%) and the PdA Party (12.3%).	0
In both Cathedral City, California and Rancho Mirage, California, there are streets named after her.	0
Giraffes often sleep for only 20 minutes in any 24 hours.They may sleep up to 2 hours (in spurts – not all at once),but this is rare!	1
The series followed the lives of Hillary and several of the disparate, ambitious models in the titular agency—women whom Hillary sometimes felt a maternal bond toward.	0
This prohibited the SFF from being deployed within 10 km of the Indo-Chinese border.	0
He has a pure white cat called Romo.	1
Native Americans knew ramps well.	1
On 17 December 2010, Chester expressed an interest in staying at Carlisle beyond the end of his loan contract, but the transfer window brought with it talk of Chester making a transfer to Hull City, with Hull manager Nigel Pearson going public on 3 January with his interest in the defender.	0
In volume 2, the Ladakhi Chronicle describes the partition by King Skyid-lde-ngima-gon of his kingdom between his three sons, and then the chronicle described the extent of territory secured by that son.	0
[58] The term "black panther" is used colloquially to refer to melanistic individuals of other species, particularly jaguars and leopards.	0
Synthesized strings are also prominent throughout the song, which intermittently integrates wood block percussion throughout the track.	0
Romulus Buia (born 15 June 1970 in Baia Mare) is a Romanian former football player, currently the manager of FC Maramureş Universitar Baia Mare.	0
After the attacks, it took firefighters 100 days to extinguish all the fires around Ground Zero.	1
Canadians say “sorry” so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt.	1
Galveston Island was originally inhabited by members of the Karankawa and Akokisa tribes who called the island Auia.	1
Within a year, an attap hut also had to be erected to accommodate all the students.	0
Nominated Best Actor Academy Award, The Mark (1961)	0
Ostriches don't bury their heads in sand	1
Locke convinced Jack that he would have to lie to the world if Jack left the Island.	1
Bordering on Mömlingen are the Bavarian district of Aschaffenburg in the north, and in the west the two Hessian districts of Darmstadt-Dieburg and Odenwaldkreis.	0
Dionisio Mejía Vieyra (6 January 1907 – 17 July 1963) was a Mexican football forward who made one appearance for the Mexican national team at the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	0
Chucky falls, and when he looks up at Tiffany and asks her why, she tells him to just look at them, and that they truly belonged dead.	0
He can also be seen on Fox Sports, BeIN Sports, and the Pac-12 Network.	0
An elderly version of Morgan le Fay appeared in The Super Hero Squad Show episode "Mother of Doom!".	0
In California in 2003, Andy Rubin, Nick Sears and Chris White founded Android Inc.	1
Died: John McCuish, 55, who served as Governor of Kansas for only eleven days (January 3 to January 14, 1957)	0
Watson then concluded that the researchers observed that once a critical number of monkeys was reached—the so-called hundredth monkey—this previously learned behavior instantly spread across the water to monkeys on nearby islands.	0
Horn (diacritic), a diacritic mark used to indicate that a normally rounded vowel such as o or u is to be pronounced unrounded	0
He has starred as lead character Sam Tyler in the U.S. remake of the British series Life on Mars.	0
Father Divine rarely comforted her on what was widely believed to be her deathbed.	0
On 26 September 2010, he scored a hat-trick against Vasas in the 3–1, therefore becoming the first Maltese footballer to score a hat-trick in a foreign top-tier league.	0
We could rename 0 and 1 to say α and β, and as long as we did so consistently throughout it would still be Boolean algebra, albeit with some obvious cosmetic differences.	0
Her first name, Mayim, means “Water” in Hebrew.	1
In India, the flying of a kite is illegal under a 1934 law, which classes kites as an aircraft.	1
A 221 feet (67 meters) tall granite monument was constructed on the battle site.	1
The series is seen through Katniss’ eyes.	1
Aston has designed many of his own tattoos.	1
^ a b Steyn, V.; Funston, P.J.	0
2/3 of the world's eggplants are grown in the US New Jersey	1
These ngimurok of God can still be found throughout Turkana, each in their own territory, alongside specialized ngimurok who have received specific abilities to read tea leaves, tobacco, intestines, shoes, stones and string.	0
It is part of Great Plain and North (NUTS 1) region.	0
An investigation led to the Texas Rangers restoring order.	0
1 in 4 British people sleep in the nude.	1
Other valuable instruments on display are the Trasuntino monochord, which was built to tune the cymbal, and the 5-reed flute, which is able to mimic several flutes playing in harmony.	0
November 1985 saw the first release of Microsoft Windows; Windows 1.0, a 16-bit system.	1
They are the only band to film an entire music video in China – ‘From Yesterday’.	1
Kittens (also called cubs) weigh just over a pound at birth.	0
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.	1
He has admitted to never reading stories about himself in the news, and avoids reading reviews of his movies or plays.	1
Age is just a number, maturity is a choice	1
Contains a map on the endpapers of the book which shows all of the villages of this part of Galicia, including the Zalishchyky area.	0
Guantou (琯头镇 - Guàntóu; officially 倌头 Guāntou)	0
The dry goods store that later became the Robert Simpson Company opened in 1858 in Newmarket, Ontario.	0
There is a death metal band called Hatebeak who’s lead and only vocalist is a grey parrot named Waldo.	1
IONA Technologies - (Acquired by Progress Software in 2008)	0
She has three siblings called Josh, Sophie and Rosie.	1
Koala bears are popular in Australia, although there are 10 times as many camels than koalas.	1
King Kong was the first movie to ever have a sequel.	1
Chimpanzees are omnivores, and their widely varied diet includes nuts, fruits, leaves, and small animals.	1
Victoria Argent (Eaddy Mays) (Seasons 1 - 3A)	0
"Grace" was a common Hellenistic greeting, while "peace" (shalom) was the common Jewish greeting; this reflected Paul's dual identity in Jewish faith and Hellenistic culture.	0
Crochet, 1974, Gersh, Phillip &amp; Beatrice, Los Angeles	0
On 28th August 2012, Mahone announced that he had been signed to Universal Republic Records.	1
Through its academic and co-curricular programs, the University provides rich educational opportunities which closely relate to the academic, personal, social, and spiritual development of its students.	0
Winterfelds' Palace in the park south of the town and district offices (see above).	0
Touching the hand triggers the remaining regeneration process, and causes a second Doctor to be created, one who is part human, borrowing traits from Donna just as she absorbs part of his mind.	0
The small town of Gainsborough was named as capital of England and Denmark, for five weeks in 1013.	1
Roman clothing of Late Antiquity (after 284 AD)	0
Earth is the only planet in our solar system to have water in all three of its forms (Liquid, Solis &amp; Gas).	1
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talked to each other instead of talking about each other.	1
Eric Burdon and War toured extensively across Europe and the United States.	0
MMA Meltdown with Morency - Weekly mixed martial arts news show, hosted by Gabriel Morency.	0
The methodologically soundest studies indicate "positive, moderately sized associations between parental corporal punishment and children’s aggression."	0
In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.	1
They have sturdy feet & legs for grazing efficiently regardless of the climate or terrain.	0
The film follows a young writer who loses her mother in a train wreck while she is trying to get her book on non-human creatures published.	0
In the anime, Ash’s pikachu is male.	1
The aircraft landed safely with no injuries reported.	0
In inscriptions it was mentioned as the last in class of the battle ships: hexeres, penteres, quadrieres, trieres, liburna.	0
The mantra for Buddhist monks is Om Mani Padme Hum.	1
Cat News (Special Issue 1): 4–8.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)	0
The golf complex also includes the Pete Dye Clubhouse, Tom Spurgeon Golf Training Center, short game areas and a driving range.	0
Appearance in a promotional video for Mike Judge's 2009 film Extract.	0
It is threatened by habitat loss.	0
1922), daughter of Grand Duchess Charlotte, wife of Franz, Duke of Hohenberg	0
It is important to keep the cows healthy and happy so they may live long and productive lives.	1
The Heroes Square in the centre of George Town, which commemorates Cayman Islands' war dead.	0
File:January Suchodolski - Ochakiv siege.jpg|Siege of Ochakov (1788) 1853	0
Airport runway numbers actually indicate direction on a compass.	1
In the midpoint of California, there is a palm tree and a pine tree planted next to each other to signify the meeting point of Northern and Southern California.	1
There are also at least five kinds of "stalk Lotus", with each having its own characteristics and charm when closely studied.	0
You brain weights 2% of your body weight though uses 20% of all oxygen you breathe and 15% of the bodys blood supply	1
To start to bleed, typically from the head after being hit with something like a chair, and typically after blading.	0
Publisher: Cornwall Bridge Conn. : Emma Curtis Hopkins Fund, 1928.	0
Lost to Edward Crook (United States) 2-3	0
He has many girl fans, and over 200 of them came to see him at a Dallas mall after he posted on social media that he was visiting the shopping center.	1
Although terrestrial, pumas can swim and climb trees when they need to.	1
Other towns are Ejido la Unión, Yavaros, Sahuaral de Otero, Etchoropo, Huatabampito, Moroncarit, Agiabampo, Estación Luis, Las Bocas, El Caro, Citavaro, Pozo Dulce, and El Júpare.	0
Jim Carrey as Ronald Reagan (Because Phil Hartman died and could not reprise his SNL role)	0
John Graham, 3rd Earl of Montrose (1548–1608), Scottish peer	0
Robert Meikle draws attention to the Mahlerian treatment of the material in the last movement, as well as likenesses to Brahms's A German Requiem.	0
Scotland is the birthplace of golf – it has been played there since the 15th century and has evolved into what is now modern golf.	1
Arctic Monkeys - "The View from the Afternoon"	0
He served as an assistant coach on the 1982 FIFA World Cup-winning Italian side.	0
Phillips was a founding member of the U.S. Taxpayers Party, which later became known as the Constitution Party.	0
Scotland only has 6 officially recognized cities – Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Inverness, Dundee, and Stirling.	1
Olly Alexander joined Years &amp; Years when Mikey Goldsworthy heard him singing in the shower the morning after a house party.	1
The phrase ‘Feeling blue’ means to feel sad or unhappy.	1
An Unsuitable Job for a Woman	0
In 2008 Mongolia played at the IIHF World Championship Division III tournament in Luxembourg, and again they lost all of their games.	0
Tutankhamun’s parents were brother and sister.	1
After 1945 big industry companies settled in Weissenhorn.	0
|align=left| Don Haskins Convention Center, El Paso, Texas	0
The cars appeared in typical Swedish livery of blue and yellow.	0
After Tom auditioned for X Factor, he worked in McDonald’s.	1
They cannot survive eating a vegetarian diet, which is why it’s important to feed your cat meat.	1
In the semifinals they confronted the top team of the tournament, Monarcas Morelia, in the first game in Zapopan.	0
Recently, the clothing and accessories company has redesigned itself, offering several new aspects to the company.	0
In May 2014, Shinseki was embroiled in a scandal involving the Veterans Health Administration, which is a component of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.	0
Many guest stars also reprised their characters from the police department.	0
Matsumura is credited with passing on the Shōrin-ryū Kempō-karate kata known as naihanchi I & II, passai, seisan, chintō, gojūshiho, kusanku (the embodiment of kusanku's teaching as passed on to Tode Sakugawa) and hakutsuru.	0
Vasil Levski National Stadium, Sofia, Bulgaria	0
1999 Rado Swiss Open Gstaad, Switzerland ATP International Series $550,000 - Clay (Red) - 32S/32Q/16D/4Q Singles Draw - Doubles DrawAlbert Costa 7–6(4), 6–3, 6–4Nicolás LapenttiYounes El Aynaoui Félix MantillaVince Spadea Francisco Clavet Arnaud di Pasquale Andrea Gaudenzi	0
Symptoms generally begin to appear after age 5, with diagnosis most commonly made after age 10.	0
Because many of club's star players, such as Birgit Prinz and Sandra Smisek, had left that summer, Müller immediately became a regular starter and helped the team avoid relegation.	0
Şafak has commented concerning the book: "I named this book Black Milk for two reasons.	0
Corn rootworms are one of the most economically destructive predators of maize in the United States.	0
Modern West Falkland is also home to two RAF Remote Radar Heads: Mount Alice, which is near Port Albermarle in the south of the island, and Mount Byron in the north.	0
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Indian National Congress leader Sonia Gandhi visited Mumbai the next day and met with those injured in blasts at Saifee Hospital.	0
People sneeze in strong sunlight because the nerve that detects nasal irritation is very close to the optic nerve.	1
While The Hobbit was written for children, The Lord of the Rings became darker, and took a more serious tone.	1
Smartphone users check Facebook 14 times a day!	1
Sam Dixon – bass (track 3)	0
), later 道玄 (Daoxuan), was a Chinese artist of the Tang Dynasty.	0
Stephen R. Donaldson (born 1947), American fantasy, science fiction and mystery novelist	0
Diana West, LLL Leader, IBCLC wrote Defining Your Own Success : Breastfeeding after Breast Reduction Surgery and The Breastfeeding Mother's Guide to Making More Milk (with Lisa Marasco, LLL Leader, IBCLC, FILCA).	0
Because of these attitudes, there are many games and types of games that may appear to be a wargame at first glance, but are not accepted as such by members of the hobby, and many that would be considered debatable.	0
Lorenz Milton Hart (May 2, 1895 - November 22, 1943) was the lyricist half of the Broadway songwriting team Rodgers and Hart.	0
The IRTF, CBRN Task Force, Task Force Arrowhead and the SOF teams do not represent the full extent of CANSOFCOM capabilities; CANSOFCOM is capable of generating additional forces for specific needs as required.	0
Legolas is known for his white-blond hair in the films, but the books don’t actually specify his hair colour.	1
During the 1980s, the Carnival in Bahia was growing in popularity, and every summer a new kind of dance arose, only to disappear during the year after the tourists had left, with another dancing style and rhythm arising the following summer.	0
Make noise while hiking to alert cougars of your presence.	0
The fear of vegetables is called Lachanophobia.	1
Charles Jenkinson, 1st Earl of Liverpool PC (26 April 1727 - 17 December 1808), known as the Lord Hawkesbury between 1786 and 1796, was a British statesman.	0
September 5 - The Bendix Trophy race from Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn, New York, to Mines Field in Los Angeles, California, takes place, with nine men and six women competing.	0
Ride that spins riders upside down.	0
The saga won the 2009 Kids Choice Award for Favourite Book.	1
If you take your shirt off during a foot race, you’re disqualified.	1
There are only so many three-letter extensions, so, often any given extension might be linked to more than one program.	0
Russian tortoise hatchlings measure about 1 inch in carapace length.	0
Names for the new subfamilies were published in 2002.	0
The lotus bud resembles the shape of a tear-drop with pointy tip and tightly packed petals.	0
The past tense for the English word 'dare' is 'durst'	1
Wesley guest starred in The Cleveland Show as Yvette.	1
(2004) Hunt and Kill: U-505 and the U-boat War in the Atlantic.	0
It is rumored that Beethoven would usually dip his head in cold water before composing, but nobody knows why.	1
The average hug lasts 3 seconds.	1
In local sightseeing, City Sightseeing is the largest operator of local tour buses, operating on a franchised basis all over the world.	0
Hence, it was heavier than the other; but as "we know that if it were the same weight, there would be equilibrium, if the heavy chain be also uniform".	0
At DigiTour 2015 and CitiField, Jack &amp; Jack took to the stage alongside other acts including Trevor Moran &amp; Demi Lovato.	1
Mars broke out as a singer in 2010 with his hit “Nothin’ on You”.	1
The Chicago River was referred to by the plant's indigenous name, according to explorer Robert Cavelier, sieur de La Salle, and by his comrade, the naturalist and diarist Henri Joutel.	0
The shirt made for and worn by Indian Datta Phuge was made from 14,000 pieces of 22 carat gold, by Rankar Jewelers.	1
In recent times composers including Julian Cochran, Gordon Hamilton, Liza Lim, Nigel Westlake, David Worrall, Graeme Koehne, Elena Kats-Chernin, Carl Vine, Brett Dean, Martin Wesley-Smith, Georges Lentz, Richard Mills, Ross Edwards, Stephen Leek, Matthew Hindson and Constantine Koukias have embodied the pinnacle of established Australian composers.	0
October the 10th is national metric day	1
Hades: The final boss who, when defeated, is revealed to be a giant alien robot manipulated by martians.	0
Franklin has modeled for Russell Simmons' fashion line, Def Jam University and has been featured on the covers of Teen People, Ebony, Cosmo Girl, Vibe, and Today's Black Woman.	0
From a very young age, Jay wanted to become a dancer rather than a singer.	1
He was the last emperor of both East and West.	0
Tang briefly served from 25 May to 21 June 2005 as acting Chief Executive after Tung Chee Hwa, the former Chief Executive who resigned citing health reasons.	0
The brown dorcopsis is endemic to the western end of New Guinea and the islands to the west of this, Misool and Salawati and possibly also Batanta and Waigeo.	0
Assaulting captive cells and freeing POWs.	0
Andy Kellman of AllMusic stated that in the song Rihanna had a sudden desire to provoke even if that is in metaphorical context.	0
This painting is most likely the largest graffiti mural created by a single person, and it was finished in four months time.	0
Nayyar debuted on screen in 2004, playing a bit role in the romantic comedy S.C.I.E.N.C.E.	1
Wu Dalang is a short, ugly and physically inferior man previously teased as the "Three-Inch Tree Bark" (三寸丁谷樹皮), while Pan Jinlian is an attractive woman.	0
The process to silence genes first begins with the entrance of a double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) molecule into the cell, which triggers the RNAi pathway.	0
Rapido Television makes over 100 programme titles, mostly for Channel 4, and was originally launched with backing by Richard Branson.	0
Ye have in him the worthy Chief	0
2006 - RBC upgraded its representative office in Beijing, China to a branch.	0
She is of Italian descent and is half Sicilian and half Abruzzese.	1
The package often dictates the power rating and frequency characteristics.	0
Pope John Paul II named him a cardinal deacon in 1994 for the church Ognissanti in via Appia Nuova.	0
Proust, le chat et moi, La Table Ronde, 1984 ISBN 978-2-7103-0190-5	0
Android’s logo isn’t actually called Android, Google unofficially call him Bugdroid.	1
Catherine de&apos; Medici&apos;s court festivals, often even more overtly political, were among the most spectacular entertainments of her day, although the "intermezzi" of the Medici court in Florence could rival them.	0
Then, in February 1911, Allain and Souvestre embarked upon the Fantômas book series at the request of publisher Arthème Fayard, who wanted to create a new monthly pulp magazine.	0
The first movement has a structure that corresponds with no formal type, and sharply contrasts with Haydn’s usual style of structuring movements.	0
The Tale of the Ticker (1913)	0
Bernardo the Japanese, the first Japanese to visit Europe, in 1553.	0
The Russell Jinishian Gallery, Fairfield CT	0
The set does not include the pilot movie, , which was released earlier as part of the movie set.	0
They always stand in the same order to help people know the difference, John is always on the left and Edward on the right.	1
Barbara Bush, previous First Lady of the USA, once remarked that it was the ‘dumbest thing’ she had ever seen.	1
Around 1995, it closed due to budget cuts.	0
Like Twitter, it’s clear about who the real celebrities are on Google+ as they have a verified name button.	1
Due to the organisms' potential longevity, Halococcus may be a good candidate for exploring taxonomic similarities to life found in outer space.	0
It has five retractable claws on its forepaws (one a dewclaw) and four on its hind paws.	0
It was stated, without support, that King Charles II (older brother and predecessor to James II) was made a Freemason in the Netherlands during the years of his exile (1649–60).	0
When LeMoyne moved its city hall in 1967, it did away with its police and fire services.	0
The two disc set contains all 12 episodes of season one as well as special features including Webisodes, Behind-the-scenes tours of the set, Wardrobe trailer and Cast interviews.	0
After his death, his sons took over the business and promoted the products among Hollywood celebrities.	1
The spikes of a newborn hedgehog begin to appear within 24 hours	1
Everett got caught in a rundown and got hit by the ball on a Juan Uribe throwing error that hit Everett.	0
This species is endemic to Venezuela.	0
Blue and white are the most common school colors	1
This was part of a gradual "de-Iberianization", as Portugal consolidated its cultural and political independence from Spain.	0
Once condemned by Pilate, he was flogged before execution.	0
"Malinowski has explained that he is the inventor of functionalism, to which he gave its name.	0
In 1985, he applied for an Astronaut job at CNES and was one of ten finalists.	0
A piece of paper cannot be folded more than 7 times	1
Die Wilden Hühner und die Liebe (2007)	0
In his plays and poetry Shakespeare often depicted strong male bonds of varying homosociality, which has led some critics to infer that Bassanio returns Antonio's affections despite his obligation to marry:	0
The average weight of a Slowbro is 173.1 lbs or 78.5 kg.	1
Make noise while hiking to alert cougars of your presence.	0
Numerous party leaders privately sent word to Roosevelt that they would fight Wallace's re-nomination as vice-president and proposed instead Senator Harry S. Truman, a moderate from Missouri.	0
By the next day, the battle for the city had already started.	0
Variations of the rhyme are heard in "Closing Time" and the series finale "The Wedding of River Song".	0
Note: I Corps was disbanded at the end of the First World War and reformed at the start of the Second World War	0
Their anal sweat glands secrete smells to mark their territories.	1
Lumber was the most important natural resource of Canada East.	0
The extensible linking capabilities ensure that traceability from requirements to source code to test cases and results can be accomplished and reported on for auditing purposes as well as historical understanding of changes.	0
There was a great deal of dissatisfaction with the drainage scheme, which resulted in claims and counter-claims in the courts.	0
Subsequently, the likes of Cavendish and André Greipel ( ) decided they would compete in the first monument of the season.	0
07 Cap-Saint-Jacques Nature Park ( )	0
With their community of Prophetstown as his objective, General Harrison marched from Vincennes, Indiana, at the head of a small army of about one thousand men.	0
Both men were later " " by the King, and Finlay briefly used the name Sir Finlay.	0
American interstate highways are frequently patrolled by law enforcement, typically referred to as Highway Patrol, State Patrol or State Police.	0
Dan’s chocolate factory offers a chocolate covered bacon burger – and apparently it’s not too bad!	1
A deck of cards should be shuffled at least 7 times before playing	1
Their furry tail gives them comfort for sitting on trees for long hours.	1
Zembla’s adventures pit him not only against ordinary villains but also mad scientists, world conquerors, intelligent gorillas, lost civilizations, guns and drugs smugglers, poachers, etc.	0
Spacey also kept close relations with the Darin family as a means to know he would treat the film "with respect".	0
Both Italian and foreign crews take part, and the meeting is not only a sporting event, but also an important cultural meeting, due to the presence of famous representatives of the arts and culture.	0
As the feature size of flash memory cells reaches the minimum limit, further flash density increases will be driven by greater levels of MLC, possibly 3-D stacking of transistors, and improvements to the manufacturing process.	0
The oath Hal Jordan recites to charge his ring was written by famous sci-fi author Alfred Bester.	1
Wolf in Jesus Skin/Horse's Head (split 7" w/ Ideamen)	0
Cougar kittens, or cubs, have blackish-brown spots on their body and dark rings on their tails that fade, as they get older.	1
Usūlism evolved on the basis of Usul al-fiqh (the hypothetical concepts and perceptions of some scholars) centuries after the major occultation.	0
The technique is sometimes compared to "pointillism", a neo-impressionist painting technique.	0
Shedrub Choekhor Ling is a center of Tibetan Buddhism on the Salève, founded in 2010.	0
The bench from Griffith Park where Walt Disney came up with the concept is on display in the park near entrance of Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln.	1
Many asteroids (especially the extinct comet cores) contain large amounts (more than 5% of total composition) of water and other volatiles, as well as carbon, which are all necessary for life support.	0
The program is a parent-directed, relationship-based play therapy.	0
Some yoghurt contain beef or pork gelatin.	1
Poker Face topped the charts in twenty countries including the UK, United States, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and many European countries.	1
The letters included explanations of the fundamentals of astronomy and discussions of astrology in the modern world, with reference to such topics as nutation, precession of the equinoxes, comets, solar eclipses and lunar eclipses and the meaning of the Christian holidays such as Easter and Whitsun.	0
Their fourth album called Love Lust Faith + Dreams is released in May 2013.	1
Mountain Lions are excellent jumpers and have been documented to leap horizontally 40 to 47 feet (12.2 - 14.3 m) and 10 to 18 feet (3 - 5.5 m) vertically.	1
A Cool Sound from Hell (1959)	0
After the failure of this political initiative, Steiner ceased lecturing on the subject.	0
An opposing faction deposed him later the same year and he ended his days as a monk.	0
Cats have a peripheral vision of 285 degrees	1
Kitty, however, is in heat, and goes out in search of a tom.	0
He also was one of the first film actors to portray Ellery Queen, in The Spanish Cape Mystery.	0
Pieter Johannes van Rhijn (1886—1960), astronomer.	0
The system was based on the fast construction of pre-fabricated wooden moulds, which would be filled with gravel and enclosed with barbed wire fencing.	0
In February 1943, a Lancaster bomber hit the cable of a barrage balloon and crashed without survivors on the return from a raid on the U-boat pens at Lorient.	0
Gojunbong class (LST: Landing Ship Tank; 4 in service)	0
19th Jan 2012, Google+ reached 90 million users.	1
Although her live performances suffered as a result, she remained busy in the studio.	0
In the year 1945 a large flock of starlings landed on the minute hand of St. Stephen’s Tower (Big Ben) which made the time of the clock go back by 5 minutes.	1
The center of a comet is called a nucleus.	1
He cited an example where the player could press the B button to pick up and hide an enemy body.	0
The two also hosted several charity concerts to benefit those who were displaced by the storm.	0
In Quito, Ecuador, a group of vigilantes known as "Acción Ortográfica Quito" go around correcting all the bad grammar they find in graffiti.	1
Puss in Boots, Sleeping Beauty, Cinderella, and Little Red Riding Hood, were all written by a Frenchman named Charles Perrault.	1
Dejima was a center for the trade of products and ideas.	0
2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONCACAF), matchday 6: (All times UTC)	0
Frida Giannini became the Creative Director in 2006 after Tom Ford left to start his own brand.	1
In 1873, a railroad branch line stretched towards the Taganrog seaport alongside the quay.	0
Brian Krebs of The Washington Post reported that a quick scan on a Windows 7 computer took about 10 minutes and a full scan about 45 minutes.	0
José Sebastião e Silva, Portuguese mathematician	0
— Boulder Dash history, including an interview with Peter Liepa, and forums	0
During Falles, many people wear their casal faller dress in regional and historical costumes from different eras of Valencia's history; the dolçaina and tabalet (a kind of Valencian drum) are frequently heard, as most of the different casals fallers have their own traditional bands.	0
The Bolshaya Kokshaga flows to the Kuybyshev Reservoir, and then to the Volga near Kokshaisk, Mari El.	0
After a constant sickness, Sorokin died on February 2, 1991, just fifteen days before his 50th birthday.	0
Niall Horan is a big fan of Justin Bieber, he screamed when Justin followed him on Twitter.	1
The Blue Danube is the common English title of , Op.	0
The Iraqi Basketball team at the 1948 Olympic Games in London.	0
Outnumbered is a BBC sitcom launched in 2007.	1
Her first exposure to the media was a painful experience, which caused her to withdraw from the outside world.	0
She also has a tattoo on her finger that says “SHH…”.	1
Wilson found her niche in many school activities, including cheerleading, dance, and was very competitive in track and field.	0
He was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium where his ashes remain.	0
Francois has also been a member of the Detroit Lions.	0
In 1982, a Labour Party commission found Militant in contravention of clause II, section 3 of the party's constitution, which among other things, rendered political groups with their own "Programme, Principles and Policy for separate and distinctive propaganda" ineligible for affiliation.	0
Originally, Dowd’s story, tentatively titled Buffalo Ghosts, focused on two women, volunteers at a veteran’s hospital, who must come to grip with the emotional toll the war takes on its casualties and their families.	0
The adjoining building is in the same style and will be joined to the theater after renovation.	0
The outraged citizens of New Orleans organized a lynch mob after the acquittal, and proceeded to kill eleven of the nineteen defendants.	0
There were 396 housing units at an average density of .	0
Calasiao has rich farmlands planted mainly with palay or rice, coconuts and mangoes.	0
The name of the original World Cup trophy is the Jules Rimet Trophy, named after the FIFA President Jules Rimet who passed a vote to start the competition in 1929.	1
Luke 20:19 — τον λαον ] omit	0
In 2010, Canada had become an observer in the TPP talks, and expressed interest in officially joining, but was not committed to join, purportedly because the US and New Zealand blocked it due to concerns over Canadian agricultural policy (i.e.	0
In Australia, the third single "Leave It Alone" was released on 25 February 2008.	0
Zodiak Vostok (Vostok meaning "east" in Russian) has three subsidiaries producing content for Russia’s leading broadcasters.	0
Because it’s an island, Ireland has no snakes, moles, or weasels.	1
USS Philadelphia (C-4), a protected cruiser commissioned in 1890 and in service until 1926	0
Facing competitors that included the Dutch Antillean Churandy Martina, Azerbaijani Ramil Guliyev, and Nigerian Obinna Metu, Rolle ranked fifth out of eight athletes in his heat after completing his event in 20.93 seconds.	0
A rumour once circulated that Justin was dead and another one said he committed suicide on 31st July 2011.	1
In 1041 Earl Eadwulf gave offence to the king for an unknown reason but then sought reconciliation.	0
Her parents divorced when she was 5 years old.	1
Pierre Charles Édouard Potain (July 19, 1825 - January 5, 1901) was a French cardiologist born in Paris.	0
In March 2013, 5SOS went paint-balling with Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson in Doncaster, England.	1
2006: Honored by French government for his contributions to the film industry; appointed an Officer of the French Order of Arts and Letters in a ceremony in Paris; the French Prime Minister stated, "This is France's way of paying tribute to an actor who epitomizes the strength of American cinema, the power of the emotions that he invites us to share on the world's screens and the sturdy personalities of his legendary characters."	0
In an interview, Michael said the verified tick on Twitter makes him feel like a majestic unicorn with ‘a big horn’.	1
A preliminary investigation indicates that Reed was in the roadway when she was struck and the vehicle's driver and a passenger were the only witnesses to the collision.	0
Das Personenlexikon zum Dritten Reich: Wer war was vor und nach 1945.	0
The atomic number of zinc is 30.	1
Many Burian paintings have become celebrated images of palaeontology and palaeoanthropology, especially the frequently reproduced images of Mesozoic reptiles (pterosaurs, dinosaurs, mosasaurs and plesiosaurs) whilst his evocative depictions of proboscideans, Ice Age mammals, and a remarkable series of paintings of early hominids through to modern man are without equal.	0
The word "typewriter" can be typed entirely using the top row of keys on a keyboard.	1
There are currently 12 man-made objects on Mars.	1
Meet The Vamps is also available as a DVD, which shares a 75 minute story of The Vamps from the beginning.	1
December 12th is Ding-A-Ling Day – a day to call friends and family that you haven’t spoken to in a while.	1
BTS released 29 music videos and 22 singles in just 6 years from 2013 to 2018.	1
He has won the Premier League Player of the Month award a total of five times, which is a record he shares with Steven Gerrard.	1
Engineered by Antonio and Nick Cervonaro	0
The fourth udasi was to the west.	0
Mikey has a tattoo on his left arm which reads “To The Moon”.	1
Palm Valley, located north of Interstate 10, is large, with variously-sized homes.	0
On their return trip, he stopped at Hawaii, where he surfed for the first time in his life.	0
"Secondary education" then teaches a conceptual framework that can hold all human knowledge (history), fills in basic facts and practices of major fields of knowledge, and develops the fundamental skills (perhaps in a simplified form) of every major human activity.	0
As of the 2010 census, Levittown was 87.7% White, 3.6% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 1.7% Asian, 0.3% were some other race, and 1.6% were two or more races.	0
If a robin is fed during the winter, it will carry on returning to the area for the whole winter.	1
"A case of cannibalism in leopards" (PDF).	0
Candace "kidnaps" Crockett in a speedboat and confesses her feelings for him.	0
Cadbury’s Cream Eggs first went on sale in 1971.	1
In 2009, local island guesthouses started popping up in the Maldives.	0
Ratchet: typical bicycles have these so that the rider can stop pedaling and coast	0
She continued to perform after that date at the Ballroom, Maxim's, Mirage Night Club (a benefit jazz session), and Roosevelt Hotel's Cinegrill.	0
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald	0
She is slightly shorter than her younger brother Chris.	1
Sweets brand Haribo is derived from the founder's name and the German city where it is based - HAns RIegel, BOnn.	1
One single seagull has been mooching food off of guests there for the last 20 years.	0
The actor who plays the character Theon Greyjoy is Alfie Allen, Lily Allen’s younger brother who her song ‘Alfie’ is wrote about.	1
In 1969 they reached the final of the European Cup for the first time, being defeated 4–1 by Italian side A.C. Milan.	0
Gaga’s sister, Natali is a fashion student.	1
An Australian radio station called Joy Radio was established in 1993, and became the world’s very first gay and lesbian radio station.	1
Accessible vehicles also have wider entrances and interior gangways and space for wheelchairs.	0
Mylo Xyloto was described was being an album about ‘addiction, escape, love, OCD and working for someone you don’t like’.	1
He then moved to a more permanent job in the league with the Pee Dee Pride of Florence, South Carolina (his one-year stint with the Florence Pride is not a change of teams, but a name change by the franchise).	0
The first paper, the Barry County Pioneer, began publishing in 1851, and a second paper, the Republican Banner, began in 1856.	0
On 20 October 2009, Nord Stream received a construction permit to build the pipeline in the Danish waters.	0
The evolution of societies, from Lascaux to Carnac (2012) he has explained his scientific approach in a systematic way, and has designed a surprising panorama on the prehistory of the societies, including those of the Indo-European ensemble.	0
Hannuste - Juba - Käätso - Kärnamäe - Kasaritsa - Kirumpää - Kolepi - Koloreino - Kusma - Lapi - Lompka - Loosu - Meegomäe - Meeliku - Mõisamäe - Mõksi - Navi - Nooska - Palometsa - Puiga - Raiste - Räpo - Raudsepa - Roosisaare - Sika - Tagaküla - Tootsi - Umbsaare - Vagula - Väiso - Vana-Nursi - Verijärve - Võlsi - Võrumõisa - Võrusoo	0
Held every Easter from 1998 until 2007, it starts from the floor of the Cardrona Valley and runs uphill for 15 kilometres through 137 corners to the top, climbing from to averaging a 1:11 gradient.	0
The leaves are alternate with short stalks, often densely hairy underneath.	0
Carter dislikes negative people, in August 2016, he tweeted “The world needs more positive people”.	1
She has starred in numerous music videos’, including Lenny Kravitz, Meat Loaf and Korn.	1
Hurricane Katrina caused an 85% reduction in the amount of babies named Katrina.	1
Henry VIII introduced a tax on beards, which varied with the beard wearer’s social status.	1
On average, a typical Starbucks customer visits the store 6 times per month, but 20% of customers visit Starbucks loyally about 16 times per month.	1
Today it still bears a close confirmational resemblance to the Chianina, though it is not as tall.	0
Microsoft’s first major deal was with IBM for their new computer’s operating system in 1980 which the company named PC DOS, the deal was a whopping $50,000.	1
1962-1963: L'inspecteur Leclerc enquête (6 episodes)	0
He played with a semi-professional baseball team.	0
Masters such as Kamal-ol-molk, further pushed forward the European influence in Iran.	0
We struggle and overthrow dictators but we don't remove tyranny as a mode of governance and a way of life."	0
Tangshan, China, twin towns since 1987.	0
He uploaded his first cover of Lee Carr’s Breathe on YouTube in 2006.	1
Chern spent one year at the Sorbonne in Paris.	0
He grew up in Tappahannock, Virginia.	1
His father, Ifor David Monger, was the local doctor and a published author and playwright.	0
This is because they receive instructions from messenger RNA and then assemble specific sequences of amino acids to construct protein molecules.	0
In 1999, Franken released a parody book, Why Not Me?, detailing his hypothetical campaign for President in 2000.	0
This was yet another satire on a Stuart Queen, Mary of Modena in this case, camouflaged behind the character of Messalina.	0
The number 27 is often referred to as the trinity of trinities as 3x3x3=27, 3×3=9 and 3×9=27.	1
In 75% of American households women manage the money and pay the bills	1
Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.	0
The municipality has the longest toponym in Catalan at 43 characters.	0
Exodus South Pacific changed their name to Exodus Asia Pacific and established ministries in Singapore and the Philippines, where Worthen and Rogers had previously ministered.	0
Lady Gaga looks for creativity in men and women.	1
He held a long-time collaboration with jazz guitarist Larry Carlton that produced a Grammy-winning live album, and he was a member of the jazz fusion band Los Lobotomys, a collaboration of notable session musicians.	0
Neistat has spoken at many colleges such as MIT, Yale, and Harvard.	1
Bowie married his partner, Iman Abdulmajid in a small ceremony in Switzerland.	1
For example, in the United States, the top marginal tax rate is 39.6%, but that rate applies only to earnings over $400,000 per year; earnings under $400,000 have a lower tax rate of 33% or less.	0
The Pink Lotus is the National Flower of India.	1
Louise Fletcher as Mrs. Kemler, Sergeant Kemler's wife	0
In the U.S, it was the third single released, and peaked at #3 in October 1977.	0
Red Cross engineer Sara Escudero said "There is a strong smell of putrefaction and, whilst body retrieval has commenced, it can be assumed that there are still hundreds, possibly thousands of bodies remaining underneath the debris".	0
All three played for Tampa Bay at some point in their careers.	0
Around 6,000 people arrived in 1848 and in 1849 around 90,000 people arrived to hunt for gold.	1
He participated in the Revolution of 1848 and was elected to the National Assembly on May 13, 1849, where he sat as a radical republican socialist deputy.	0
She was born on 25th October 1984.	1
Record away victory: 0–4 v Gretna, 27 October 2007 and 0–4 v Dundee United, 22 August 2010.	0
Two half blocks can be separated, above and below by the horizontal water ripple, or start a block, (on top), or introduce the next block, (by being on the bottom of the block).	0
25 June 1998Amsterdam Arena, Amsterdam 1–31–5Friendly	0
A grasshopper becomes more sociable if you stroke its hind legs.	1
He was a junior exhibitioner at Trinity College, London, then was Cornelius Cardew's first student at the Royal Academy of Music from 1967.	0
He is also a presenter on motoring television series Fifth Gear.	0
For some of its length it forms part of the border between the two countries.	0
The Cat Who Robbed a Bank, 2000 (ISBN 0-515-12994-1): A jewelry dealer from Chicago comes to visit and is murdered.	0
He came on as a 64th minute substitute for Alex Teixeira.	0
Banana plants are the largest plants without a woody stem (they belong to the same family as lilies, orchids and palms)	1
Similar to this, in Korean the day for Saturday translates as “earth day.”	1
Again, Cattermole suffered an injury-hit season, making 24 appearances in total (one more than the previous season).	0
Later, Evstafi and Ioann Zlatoust were relegated to secondary roles after the first dreadnought entered service in late 1915, and were subsequently put into reserve in 1918 in Sevastopol.	0
Those supporting dismantling the staircase claimed such a procedure would cost over $2 million.	0
Arcticotantulus Kornev, Tchesunov & Rybnikov, 2004	0
Polemon fulvicollis laurenti ( & , 1943)	0
Lavery, Brian (2003) The Ship of the Line - Volume 1: The development of the battlefleet 1650-1850.	0
Zipes writes of the Grimm brothers' dictionary and of their very large body of work: "Symbolically the last word was (fruit)."	0
Even if they had determined that the samples contained gold, however, it was not payable gold.	0
The district had a total of 323,905 households.	0
Psyduck is the only Pokémon to learn Psychic by breeding.	1
Being ignored by someone triggers reactions in the brain that are literally similar to experiencing physical injury.	1
In 1604, Ieyasu planted a colonnade of pine and hackberry trees, to provide shade for the travelers.	0
The First round draw was conducted on 28 May 2010.	0
That means he presumably lived for seven years in the wilderness.	0
Arbok is the last Pokémon to be featured on the Kanto Pokérap.	1
Before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the subsequent entry of the United States into World War&amp;nbsp;II, the U.S. House of Representatives held hearings on the legality of wiretapping for national defense.	0
However, on his first day back as manager of Morecambe, Harvey was sacked by the club and McIlroy was appointed as permanent manager with Mark Lillis as his assistant.	0
In the early days of Google, it could process 30-50 pages per second, today it processes millions of pages per second.	1
Disputes between the Bundesbank and the government	0
Coddle released a single called "Katie Taylor Ireland's Boxing Legend".	0
The broken shackles at the feet of the statue represent freedom from tyranny and oppression.	1
The range of allowable subjects is very broad, and may include a variety of commercial tie-ins, such as to movie characters.	0
The name Destiny’s Child comes from a passage in the Book of Isaiah, the first of the Latter Prophets in the Hebrew Bible.	1
On the fourth day is the Street Dancing and then a fire works display to cap the festival.	0
The 2011 Green Lantern movie starring Ryan Reynolds was originally intended to be a comedy starring Jack Black as the lead role.	1
Poincaré dodecahedral space, a positively curved space, colloquially described as "soccerball-shaped", as it is the quotient of the 3-sphere by the binary icosahedral group, which is very close to icosahedral symmetry, the symmetry of a soccer ball.	0
There are over 100 billion galaxies in the universe!	1
In Richard Kadrey's Kill the Dead, Uriel is one of the original fallen angels and revealed to be the father of protagonist James "Sandman Slim" Stark.	0
1693 - Laurent Belissen, French composer (d. 1762)	0
Cuando Yo Sea Grande – Augusto Enriquez – 1998 (Egrem)	0
She has starred in seven of Burton’s films; Planet of the Apes, Big Fish, Corpse Bride, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, Alice in Wonderland and Dark Shadows.	1
"The Fugitive", a 1838 poem by Mikhail Lermontov	0
Hasdrubal wished to meet with his brother in South Umbria.	0
Leonard Chess set new standards for the industry in artist development, deal making, networking, and marketing and promotion…"	0
In June 1912, the French kept Aamadu Bàmba under house arrest in Ndjarèem, Diourbel.	0
Meghan’s fanbase are known as “Megantrons”.	1
Hillgruber was a nationalist historian, but he was not an apologist of National Socialism.	0
Upstream received a "repremiere" at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in September 2010. and a European screening at Le Giornate del Cinema Muto in Pordenone Italy in October 2010.	0
The destination for the transfer is usually the frame buffer.	0
The first reference to pasta, in a book, was in 1154.	1
The most common mental illnesses are anxiety and depression	1
After the partition of the Empire in 395, the Peloponnese became a part of the East Roman or Byzantine Empire.	0
The original recipe, according to KFC themselves, was created in 1940.	1
Mayim has said that she loves to watch World War 2 documentaries, especially if they discuss the events of the Holocaust.	1
He was born on 9th June, 1963.	1
Most of these stores were in buildings constructed by Anchorage real estate developer Wally Hickel, who later became governor of Alaska and U.S. Secretary of the Interior.	0
Jolly Trolley ( narrow gauge) (1993-2003)	0
In the early nineteenth-century, Caldwell County witnessed the passage of the forced migration of the Cherokee to the West on the Trail of Tears during Indian removal.	0
At Memphis, the role of intercessor with men was particularly visible in the appearance of the enclosure that protected the sanctuary of the god.	0
Torrington Titans Litchfield County's summer collegiate baseball team who play at Fuessenich Park in downtown Torrington.	0
The average distance between stars in the universe is about 4,150 light years	1
According to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the accident resulted in no deaths or injuries to plant workers or members of nearby communities.	0
181920 (pronounced One Eight One Nine Two Zero) is Namie Amuro's first singles collection under the avex trax label.	0
When asked in an interview, she said that her roll model is Kelly Clarkson.	1
Female leopards give birth to a little of two or three cubs at a time.	1
He is good friends with Shawn Mendes, and they even workout together.	1
A cheetah can weigh up to 160 lbs.	1
Atlético Matogrossense won the Campeonato Mato-Grossense in 1946, 1950, 1955, 1956, and in 1957.	0
Bobcats make similar, albeit smaller, scrapes.	0
The producing provinces impose royalties and taxes on oil and natural gas production; provide drilling incentives; and grant permits and licenses to construct and operate facilities.	0
The engagement surprised many, since Nansen had previously expressed himself forcefully against the institution of marriage; Otto Sverdrup assumed he had read the message wrongly.	0
Smoking a cigarette causes damage in minutes, not years.	1
The Architecture of New Prague, 1895–1945.	0
The Stanford Linear Collider was a linear accelerator that collided electrons and positrons at SLAC.	0
"Critically endangered Arabian leopards Panthera pardus nimr persist in the Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve, Oman".	0
At his death in 1170, a bloody dispute broke out between his heir Hywel the Poet-Prince and Owain's younger sons Maelgwn, Rhodri, and led by Dafydd, two the children of the Princess-Dowager Cristen ferch Gronwy and one the child of Gwladus ferch Llywarch.	0
with small birthweight and rapid weight gains to weaning.	0
Wagnon v. Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation,	0
Highly toxic dioxins, produced in small amounts in almost all burning processes, can be produced in elevated levels with increased combustion of plastic waste (such as discarded drinking water bottles) and if the combustion is not at high incinerator temperatures.	0
While less prominent than the neogi, illithids are in complete control of Glyth, a Realmspace planet, and have been for millennia.	0
A song initially planned for the album named "Crazy Saturday" was omitted from the album.	0
Her artistic career began during the Croatian Spring in the early 1970s when, together with other artists, she broke away from mainstream settings, pioneering video, conceptual photomontages and performance.	0
He starred in the lead role in the 2007 horror film, Dead Silence.	1
Clownfish became hugely popular due to the 2003 Pixar animated film Finding Nemo, in which a nervous clownfish searches for his missing son.	1
Suasa was founded by the Romans in the early 3rd century BC, after the Battle of Sentinum (295 BC), in a territory inhabited by the Senones.	0
In the following fight, Spinks defeated former world title challenger and European title holder Alfredo Evangelista by a knockout in round 5.	0
His YouTube channel is the most subscribed out of anyone on YouTube with over 54 million subscribers as of 2017.	1
It is one of the most important industrial object in Radoviš and a driving force of the Radoviš industry and economy.	0
Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated hoofed animals.	0
The early second season episodes received generally favorable reviews from critics.	0
Squeeze re-signed to A&M in time for 1993's Some Fantastic Place.	0
Third, if you do accidentally stick yourself, report the injury immediately.	0
Bruno Mars is of Puerto Rican and Filipino descent.	1
A psychology study suggests that when you're single, all you see are happy couples - When you're committed, you see happy singles.	1
The municipality has no level lands for extensive rice production except in northern part of the municipality.	0
Perhaps 32,000 Moriscos left in total.	0
The two Hobbit films had a huge budget – twice as much as for all three LotR films.	1
Humans aren't allowed to poo on the Galápagos Islands.	1
Samuel Jackson has a clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf during film shoots whenever he wants.	1
(Scaly-feathered Weaver = ) Scaly-feathered Finch - .	0
In 2011 and 2012, he was nominated for an Image Award for ‘Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for True Blood.	1
He had met Wheeler while staying with Bentham and they moved in those utilitarian circles that included James Mill.	0
The female eagle will spend most of the 35 days keeping her eggs warm, while the male ensures food is brought to the nest.	1
Between 2009 and 2013, the company has $4.8 billion invested in reducing 85 million tonnes of greenhouse gases.	1
The demonstrator was displayed at the 1980 Farnborough Airshow.	0
His 90 points (59 goals and 31 assists) in 44 games in 1976–77 is the league record.	0
It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range.	0
FIVB Women's World Cup in Japan, Matchday 1:	0
Cameron Dallas first joined YouTube on 10th September 2012.	1
Kazbek Tambi (born 1961), former professional soccer player.	0
When making omakes, Arakawa tends to draw Alphonse doing something comical to contrast him with the other characters.	0
You burn more calories sleeping than watching television	1
of [P] for poll or [PS] for poll with scurs.	0
In 879, Wilfred the Hairy began the repopulation of the county with free minores, who cultivated the lands given them as aprisiones; they turned Osona into a central and important part of Catalonia.	0
“NASA” stands for National Aeronautics and Space Administration.	1
A famous local speciality is Tire kebab.	0
In January 929, Abd-ar-Rahman III proclaimed himself caliph (Arabic: ) of Córdoba in place of his original title, Emir of Córdoba (Arabic: ' Amīr Qurṭuba).	0
Herefords will stand out in the arctic snows of Finland, endure the heat of Northern Transvaal, withstand the tough climate and rough grazing of northern Uruguay or the sub-tropical zones of Brazil and continue to thrive.	0
Brian Samuel Epstein (19 September 1934 27 August 1967) was an English music entrepreneur, best known for managing the Beatles until his death in 1967.	0
Andy Kellman for Allmusic wrote that "Where Have You Been", along with the album's lead single "We Found Love", serve as Talk That Talk s "place-holding" dance tracks.	0
He goes by the alias Johnny Apollo and meets the gangster's girlfriend, Lucky Dubarry, who is immediately attracted to him.	0
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.	1
1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.	1
Santa Gertrudis cattle are known the world over for their ability to adapt to harsh climates.	1
Several CIA-linked anti-Castro Cuban exiles and members of the Venezuelan secret police DISIP were implicated by the evidence.	0
Groundwater then filtered through the joints to erode away the corners and edges to create rounded stones, and flash floods washed away covering ground to create piles of boulders.	0
(d)the complainant was asleep or otherwise unconscious at the time of the relevant act;	0
P. i. inopinus males are similar to P. i. parvus in appearance and size.	0
Agricultural Research Service (ARS), United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).	0
Justin can juggle, do a front flip and back flip.	1
They support the Alliance and do not believe it could or would do anything to harm their daughter, River, who was in their care in a special school.	0
The majority of the main cast appeared as guest stars in episodes of one or both of Michael Mann's two shows produced in the 1980s, Miami Vice and Crime Story.	0
En réalité, cette définition est due à Georges Vedel .	0
The Bushwackers "Flying Pieman" / "Kangaroo Hop" (1980) ~	0
Celebrated inventor and physicist Nikola Tesla swore by toe exercises – every night, he'd repeatedly ‘squish' his toes, 100 times for each foot.	1
Erythrosuchids were formerly classified as thecodonts of the suborder Proterosuchia.	0
Her favourite vegetable is a parsnip!	1
Previously it had been worn but had been regarded by European Jews as "an element of traditional garb, rather than an imposed discrimination".	0
The county courthouse was located in Vernon during the early part of this century until a railroad town in northeastern Washington County, Chipley, became the new and present county seat in 1927.	0
Older blankets (prior to about 2001) may not have a shut-off mechanism; users run the risk of overheating.	0
Macadamia nuts are toxic to dogs	1
After her lover was killed by a cannonball fired by Swedish forces attacking the fortress, his remains were never recovered.	0
The Titanic was about three times bigger than the Ark, with a volume of 4.6 million cubic feet.	1
She studied dance at the Simba Studies and West Las Vegas Arts Centre.	1
Their last appearance in this Series was in 1959, with Mauch as manager, when the Millers lost the series 4 games to 3 to the Havana Sugar Kings.	0
Turkey and U.S. re-established diplomatic relations, which had been severed April 20, 1917 after the two nations were on opposite sides of World War One.	0
Karl came into contact with the ninth dimensional matter after recovering the artifact, and it somehow enabled him to acquire super strength, supernatural healing abilities, and made him younger (such that Kaela did not recognize him).	0
At a recent Great Western Beef Expo, a pen of South Devon's placed first on feed	0
It takes 17 muscles to smile and 43 to frown	1
The Commercial Hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, and the DuBois Historic District was listed in 1997.	0
There are also 90 species of birds on the list and 25 species of mammals.	0
The seeds of this encyclical may be traced to the statement by Pope John Paul II that as a young seminarian he "read and reread many times and with great spiritual profit" a work of Saint Louis de Montfort and that:	0
Throughout the show, Brian is mainly unemployed, he is often seen trying to pursue his journalists career by attempting essays, books, novels, screenplays and newspaper articles.	1
The suggested merger in God (Hindu belief) in this state involves virtually a reversion to the first state of God being Self-absorbed.	0
If the electors of the Holy Roman Emperor did not vote within 30 days, they were only allowed to eat bread and water, and forbidden to leave the city.	1
The original Xbox contained edited snippets of actual transmissions from the Apollo missions.	1
Originally, Disney wanted there to be live animals on The Jungle Cruise, but most of the animals were nocturnal and they would have been asleep during the park hours.	1
Milton "Gummo" Marx (October 23, 1893 – April 21, 1977) was an American vaudeville performer and theatrical agent.	0
Carus is also noted for Psyche (1846).	0
21% of people don't make their bed in the morning	1
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cedar County, Nebraska	0
In other words every subset W of X has enough adjacent vertices in Y.	0
There are similarities between the two stories, with the Captain and Leggatt becoming Razumov and Haldin respectively.	0
In 2004, Andrew Lincoln was nominated for a BAFTA award, for directing two episodes of the television show Teachers.	1
400 m: 45.62 – Trujillo, 26 November 2013	0
The boys rarely wear matching socks!	1
In high school, his friends named him the ‘baby-faced killer’, since wrestling was one of his main hobbies.	1
Originally the Duchy of Tuscany, Etruria had been ceded to the Bourbons in 1801 in the person of Charles IV's eldest daughter and her Italian consort.	0
Amsterdam took its name from the river.	0
In this context hard implies small and nonpolarizable and soft indicates larger atoms that are more polarizable.	0
(of the former Solvay Business School and the Economics Department -prior to the merge-, and the Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management)	0
In practice, many variants are possible and common worldwide and within each country.	0
She attended St Wilfrid’s Community College secondary school in her hometown.	1
Cryphia albipuncta (Barnes & McDunnough, 1910)	0
Andrew Jackson was the only US President to believe that the world is flat.	1
In 1995, The HP Pavilion PC marks the company's introduction into the home-computing market.	0
Some female turtles produce eggs for up to four years after mating.	1
The Military Administration formed the core of a wider command structure which allowed the governance of occupied Belgium.	0
The Lord High Stewardship was held by the Earls of Leicester until 1399 when the holder became the Sovereign; and since 1421, a Lord High Steward has generally only been appointed temporarily either for the day of a coronation or for the trials of peers (before 1948).	0
Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man’s land where hundreds of rare animals species thrive.	1
Houbraken was very careful to check and double check his sources, and today many of his personal judgements still stand up to our modern scrutiny.	0
What was Eureka?On Sunday, 3 December, 1854, military and police attacked a rude stockade erected by disgruntled miners on the Eureka Lead at Ballarat.	0
Subspeciesficaria has a wide distribution throughout the British Isles, becoming scarcer in Scotland.	1
The banana is produced asexually because it’s a sterile species, which makes it basically a clone of elder.	1
Glycera is the type genus of the family Glyceridae.	0
Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.	1
The congregation is composed of people who are deformed as well—not as horribly as the Albino Farm residents, but in the unsettling way of a freak show—Siamese twin sisters, another suckling deformed baby, a man with a stretched-out smile, another with a fat, pasty face, and the dwarf encountered earlier.	0
The situation is complicated by the arrival of the older man's daughter, and the narrative takes a dark turn."	0
Historical sites in Grand Cayman, such as Pedro St James Castle in Savannah, also attract visitors.	1
5 Star Match (1993) vs. Toshiaki Kawada on April 14	0
Aaron Carpenter got verified on Instagram on 29th April 2015.	1
Dunbar became the first man to give a scientific report of the hot springs, and his journal of the exploration was later published in Documents Relating to the Purchase and Exploration of Louisiana.	0
Among them were two Archbishops and one Pope.	0
In 2007 Goa ceases to be a subsidiary and is merged into Orange.	0
Shamar Rinpoche was like a treasure chest, always able to surprise with something totally new and outstanding.	0
He won the Teen Choice Award for Webstar in Music in 2014.	1
Within two days, ‘She Looks So Perfect’ reached the number one position in 39 countries including the UK, Australia, Spain and Brazil.	1
Android’s app store “Google Play” has over 48 billion app installs.	1
On one occasion when some officials were looking for a scapegoat they obtained a confession from a repeat offender after torturing him.	0
He also witnesses his future self being killed by Ando, who now possesses some sort of electricity-based power (later found to be power amplification).	0
JB plays the flute and piano.	1
KS Baildon Katowice - various sports, a lot of medals in the Polish Championship in various sports	0
To the south, it is bordered by the Rhine, and south of the river, by the German city of Kleve.	0
Australia is the only country that is also a continent	1
They can gorge up to 75lbs of flesh in one sitting.	1
It is the biggest church in South Asia.	0
Joseph-Amédée de Broglie (February 11, 1754 appointed–1784 died)	0
The strongest winds that have ever been recorded in our Solar System have come from Neptune, with speeds at 2,000 kilometres per hour!	1
Hoping to wrap up the series in four, Yankee manager Billy Martin brought back Catfish Hunter on three days rest while the Royals did the same, bringing back Larry Gura.	0
There are 22 stars in the Paramount studios logo	1
Euclidean area is invariant under a linear map with determinant 1 (see Equi-areal maps).	0
The popular LMFAO group who created the viral hit, Party Rock Anthem, is made up of an uncle-nephew duo.	1
When Shenmue Online was first announced, under the development of JC Entertainment, the screenshots released were considered by many Shenmue fans to be disappointing graphically, especially as being part of a game series that boasted ground-breaking graphics on the Dreamcast.	0
Freddie’s first film role came at the age of just seven when he starred in 1999 British comedy Women Talking Dirty, where he starred alongside Helena Bonham Carter.	1
Harry strives to see the good in people, often defending questionable innocents even when everything says they are guilty.	0
Hilda was the daughter of T.G.	0
Squirrels have been proven to run at speeds of 20 miles per hour, however generally, most squirrels run half this.	1
Over 250,000 items of clothing, and 600 school uniforms have been used in the movies.	1
He played football every day in a car park in the city but his return to the Ivory Coast was short lived.	0
Cukor, interviewed in 1970, said of his film: "It's one picture that if I had to do over again, I'd know how.	0
Cardi B has had her teeth fixed – even referencing so in her single “Bodak Yellow.”	1
Lasiognathus intermedius Bertelsen & Pietsch, 1996	0
In it she wrote, 'In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.'"	0
Author Stohl once worked for Activision Games.	1
Having no other choice, Marston sets out to bring the three members of his former gang to justice.	0
Taylor wrote a 350 page novel when she was 12, which so far, has never been published.	1
Despite the events of the previous evening, French had – perhaps under the influence of Henry Wilson – reverted to the belief that an advance might again be possible soon.	0
The human race lost the DNA code that made a male penis spiny.	1
The dust makes the image look blurry.	0
His participation in the Venice Biennale began by invitation with the 13th Esposizione Internazionale d’Arte di Venezia in 1922.	0
Finnegans Wake, a 1939 novel by James Joyce	0
More recent research studies have shown that the principles of EVM are positive predictors of project success.	0
However, his mobile phone is still working.	0
The Chinese struck in the west along the Chongchon River and completely overran several South Korean divisions, successfully landing a heavy blow to the flank of the remaining UN forces.	0
Michael has no brothers or sisters.	1
8"Who Are You Supposed to Be?	0
Andrew Miller (Medal of Honor, 1944) (1916–1944), American World War II Medal of Honor recipient	0
The first ukulele was made in 1879.	1
The majority of Instagram users are between 18 and 29 years old.	1
Nash was attending the Davidson Day School when the Vine app was released.	1
The younger sons were allowed to use the title of "Landgrave", but sovereignty remained with the eldest son.	0
The "autostage", the first electric bus, became operational, running on Fifth Avenue in New York City.	0
A physical release followed in June 2010.	0
His next fight was a TKO loss against Tyrone Spong at an It's Showtime event on June 30, 2012 in Brussels, Belgium.	0
It also has a number of World Heritage Sites and peace parks, as well as many provincial and private parks.	0
Rutherford was selected to represent England at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, where he finished 8th.	0
Eddie is the depot handyman who turns his hand to all manner of tasks, including track maintenance and fixing signals and points.	0
Kemmel Klein Vierstraat British Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery: 1 grave.	0
In March 1874 Gerald D. Fitzgerald wrote to The Field to inform readers about a new game called sphairstike, or Lawn Tennis.	0
The most popular baby names in the US for 2017 are as follows…	1
The attacking Syrians were probably the blocking force from the 87th Reconnaissance Battalion, which was supposed to take-up positions in the "tank curve" that night, but strayed into the area above the road from the lower ski lift and Har Dov.	0
A giraffe can move at only two speeds – walk and gallop.	1
Walmart is the largest seller of firearms in the U.S.	1
The dentist working on him is revealed to be his toothless wife Brooke, as she begins to work violently on his mouth.	0
A shrimp has 5 pairs of legs	1
Hans Jakob Christoffel von Grimmelshausen -Simplicius Simplicissimus	0
The mass suicide and killings at Jonestown resulted in the greatest single loss of American civilian life in a deliberate act prior to the events of September 11, 2001.	0
Justin Roiland himself voices both Rick and Morty.	1
The Gold Rush was the largest mass migration in United States history.	1
When Mohinder Suresh is running away from Homeland Security, Noah arrives in a SUV and rescues him.	0
Berrioplano is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	0
There are six species worldwide, two occur in France.	0
In 1974, there was a bomb explosion in the Mortar Room in the White Tower, leaving one person dead and 35 injured.	0
In Coral Harbour, a high of in mid-December broke the old record of set in 1963.	0
In May 2017, Samsung were given permission to carry out trials of a self-driving car in South Korea.	1
Whilst attempting to free him, Snake is confronted by Revolver Ocelot, who challenges Snake to a gunfight, which is interrupted by a mysterious cyborg ninja who cuts off Ocelot's right hand.	0
The group consists of about 40,000 people and they make up 0.20% of the Sri Lankan population.	0
"Selfie" has been named as 2013. word of the year by Oxford Dictionaries.	1
This result is often attributed to Alfred Tarski, but Tarski&apos;s fixed point theorem pertains to monotone functions on complete lattices.	0
List of artists who reached number one on the US Dance chart	0
Selena Gomez did not want any contact with Justin after the break-up.	1
At fourteen, Chikezie was sent to boarding school in Nigeria in an attempt to make her abandon her dreams to become an actress.	0
77 Squadron fully deployed to Korea in October to support the UN advance into North Korea but was withdrawn to Pusan in November in response to the Communist forces' counter-attack.	0
Group Policy Results Report also has a new feature that times the execution of individual components when doing a Group Policy Update.	0
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make people feel happy!	1
Two warriors are scouring the jungle when they find the Doctor, making a protective hand gesture which the Doctor interprets as the sequence for checking the seals on a Starfall Seven spacesuit.	0
One of his favourite food is spaghetti, his least favourite are olives.	1
Taylor’s father went to college at the University of Manoa, Hawaii.	1
It included songs that would be enduring hits for him: "Ma blonde et les poissons", "Libérer le trésor", "Je voudrais voir la mer", "Le privé", and "Un trou dans les nuages".	0
Color tubes use three different phosphors which emit red, green, and blue light respectively.	0
During your life, you will eat 60,000 pounds of food, which is equivalent to the weight of 6 elephants!	1
Banks have therapists known as ‘wealth psychologist’ who help ultra-rich clients, who are unable to mentally cope with their immense wealth.	1
Rob Bell (1977-), former MLB pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds, Texas Rangers, Tampa Bay Rays and Baltimore Orioles.	0
He is the second youngest of five children.	1
Though no group or individual has claimed responsibility, the attacks have been attributed to Boko Haram.	0
Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.	1
Saint Piran is the 5th century Christian abbot, supposedly of Irish origin, who is patron saint of both tin miners and Cornwall.	0
Before each National Football League game, the home team has to provide the referee with 36 footballs, each inflated within a certain range.	1
"Stellakis" Perpiniadis (Στελλάκης Περπινιάδης) (1899–1977) singer, pre- and postwar	0
The group actually opened for Demi Lovato on her Neon Lights Tour in 2014 and played 27 arenas throughout North America.	1
It is owned by The Curiosity Company and Twentieth Century Fox.	1
:This is about the Verbena bonariensis described by Linnaeus.	0
Bussières, Côte-d&apos;Or, in the Côte-d'Or department	0
As Saturn has a very low density, if you were able to put it into water, it would float!	1
However, all DIC references in these broadcasts have been replaced by Cookie Jar references.	0
She also embarked on a 3-stop anniversary tour called "Happy & Smile ～Super Best Selection～", with concerts at the Zepp Tokyo, Nagoya, and Osaka halls.	0
Beef is often cooked with alcoholic beverages, such as beer and wine, to tenderize it and add flavor.	0
They are rarely seen, but Yellowstone contains the perfect habitat for mountain lions.	0
She had a central role in feature film A Perfect Ending, a 2012 lesbian film directed by Nicole Conn. She plays the fictional vampire goddess Lilith in True Blood.	0
Presidential elections, originally expected in 2010, were rescheduled for 23 July 2009.	0
German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German, and has no affiliation with the country of Germany.	1
After the race he gave a doping sample in the test organized by the Finnish Athletics Association.	0
The history of human settlement in the area goes back at least to Roman times.	0
The notorious 1933 race laws of the Nazi regime took away his academic standing and privileges.	0
Final tabulation showed Yes got 18,267 votes while No garnered only 846.	0
He was educated at the college of the Oratorians at Beaune.	0
Studies have proven that petting a dog can reduce your blood pressure.	1
India - The Government Accounting Standards Advisory Board is in favor of limited adoption of cash basis IPSAS for cash transactions and corresponding accrual IPSASs for those transactions recorded on other than the cash basis.	0
The only book Niall has ever read is To Kill A Mockingbird.	1
The apple Lisa turned out to be an unpopular system due to its high price, how slow it ran, and the limited number of applications that were written for it.	1
Also several Nobel laureates such as Sir Harry Kroto (1996 Nobel Prize in Chemistry), J. M. G. Le Clézio ( 2008 Nobel Prize in Literature) and Joseph Stiglitz ( 2001 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences).	0
This experience greatly shaped Koontz's political outlook.	0
Jay owns a pet lizard called Neytiri, (named from his favourite movie, Avatar) Neytiri also has his very own Twitter profile, @Neytiri_TW.	1
Most of the administrative areas of the bank are located above ground, in a twelve-story building.	0
During the 19th century, when the Bishop of Llandaff began, for the first time for centuries, to reside in Llandaff, the cathedral was extensively restored, the tower rebuilt and a spire added.	0
Unlike previously strong European nations, the United States did not have to repair infrastructure or fix towns that had been bombarded throughout the war.	0
Earth is almost five billion years old, although life (resembling life as we know it) has only existed on the planet for the last 150 million to 200 million years!	1
80% of all people hit by lightning are men	1
Middlesbrough Frontline, a football hooligan firm	0
Ultra the Multi-Alien, a DC Comics superhero	0
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.	1
Classification may also encompass aggression-related emotions (e.g.	0
12 Nov – Nationwide Arena, Columbus, OH, USA.	0
Große Freiheit and Lichter der Stadt (2009–2013)	0
^ a b Steyn, V.; Funston, P.J.	0
He received outstanding reviews for Kit Marlowe at the Joseph Papp Public Theater.	1
University of Copenhagen Faculty of Life Sciences	0
Poliwhirl is the first Pokémon in National Pokédex order to evolve by trading while holding an item.	1
Brent Galloway (born 1944), American linguist	0
This introduction of the love affair between Guenivere and Lancelot appears in many other stories after this poem was written.	0
Tamura (who speaks fluent English, German, and Japanese) has starred in over 15 films and television series in Japan.	0
The ignition is by carrying an external flame, using a modification of a method he developed in 1878.	0
The practice soon led to price-fixing, the enrichment of courtiers at the public's expense, and widespread resentment.	0
The latest 'member' of the Trident family is the Trident II XGS which can support up to 32 x 40G ports or 104 x 10G ports (or a mix of both) on a single chip.	0
Graves was attracted to the narrow Mishawum Peninsula between the Charles River and the Mystic River, linked to the mainland at the present-day Sullivan Square.	0
$30 of raw popcorn translates into $3,000 in sales at movie theaters	1
On 1st November 2010, Demi checked herself into a medical clinic get help with her anorexia and bulimia.	1
The hydrochloric acid found in your stomach is strong enough to dissolve a nail	1
In the United States, their records appeared on the underground label K Records, and on the Beastie Boys' Grand Royal label.	0
Arthur Wallis Myers, CBE (1878-1939), British sportsman (Founder, ) and journalist	0
(The original 1946 jerseys featured block-shadow numerals.)	0
Vitamins are named alphabetically based on the sequence they were discovered - except for Vitamin K, which was discovered by Germans and was for coagulation (koagulation) and it’s initial letter stuck.	1
The first two lines of this hymn are the same as in Schenkendorf's song.	0
Examples include Tibetan singing bowls, temple bells of many sizes and shapes, gongs, Javanese gamelan, and other bronze musical instruments.	0
French author Thomas-Alexander Dumas (The Three Musketeers) is the highest ranking black military official in Europe to date.	1
More than two-thirds of the world’s cocoa is grown in Africa, and Côte d’Ivoire alone produces 33% of the world’s supply.	1
The underlying cause of this variability is that many semiconductor devices are highly sensitive to uncontrollable random variances in the process.	0
Ariana attended Pine Crest School and North Broward Prepatory School.	1
The eight Round 1 winners were each drawn against one of the losing provincial semi-finalists.	0
This proved to be a precarious existence and Miguel was killed in a gun fight with agents of the Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional (DINA) (National Intelligence Directorate) in the slum home where he was carrying out his clandestine operations.	0
The host stadium was Stadion Poljud.	0
He was convinced that had to be begun with economic cooperation, and developed a plan that called for a European common market, combined with the idea of a political community.	0
42% of people who graduate from college never read another book	1
He was one of the first to develop theories on acid-base chemistry.	0
The policy deprived Argentina of potential agricultural markets in Western Europe, to the benefit of Canadian exporters, for instance.	0
Archived from the original (PDF) on October 7, 2009.	0
He has been credited for having presented the rich universe of Northeastern musical genres to all of Brazil, having created the musical genre Baião and has been called a "revolutionary" by Antônio Carlos Jobim.	0
In the 1950 census the number of Hungarians in Slovakia decreased by 240,000 in comparison to 1930.	0
Caves and other alcoves that offer protection are used as litter dens.	0
Mother hens talk to their chicks while they’re still in the eggs, and the chicks can chirp back while in the shell.	1
Hill describes the design as an original take on the look of space environments while Glass mentions it was influenced by cities around Europe rather than science fiction touchstones.	0
His full name is Tristan Oliver Vance Evans.	1
Spock is a vertical search engine or entity search engine on people.	0
With fresh credibility even with young fans who had been introduced to him through the Anthology project, and anticipation raised with the excellent reviews, Flaming Pie debuted at number 2 in the UK in May, giving McCartney his best new entry since Flowers in the Dirt eight years before.	0
His favourite film is The Notebook.	1
The Lotus stem is eaten almost in all parts of India, and pickled too.	1
Cats have lived with people for only 7,000 years.	1
The worst thing about old age is that the soul's memory of the other world grows dim, while at the same time its attachment to things of this world becomes so strong that the soul tends to retain the form that it had in the body.	0
Justin Bieber’s favourite YouTube video is Chuck Norris fighting a bear.	1
The category of HV 2 is lower than the category of HV 1.	0
Life of Pi became a film by Ang Lee in 2012.	1
Battery Chamberlin - one of the last remaining coastal defense "disappearing guns" on the U.S. West Coast	0
There are 19 bones in a flamingo’s neck.	1
If your DNA was stretched out it would reach to the moon 6,000 times	1
The name iPod was inspired by the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey.	1
The youngest Pope was 11 years old!	1
14 Caprici varii da camera a tre.	0
However in foreign affairs, he does have to compete with several Commissioners with foreign affairs related portfolios: the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy and the President of the European Council.	0
She is a very wise girl since she is the oldest of the Shiki.	0
The people are called "Couramiauds", a name that comes from a tradition that during the festival of the feu de la Saint-Jean the people of Saint-Chamond hung a string to the tail of a cat and children ran after it.	0
The third was converted into a prison.	0
Nd3 Bd6 17. dxc5 bxc5 18. e3 a4 19. bxa4 Ba6 20.	0
Barthold "Turkestan Down to the Mongol Invasion" (London) 1968 (3rd Edition)	0
Other sporting links with the suburb include Caversham Football Club, one of Dunedin's most successful football teams.	0
Ralph Lauren was in the army until he was 24 years old and left to join legendary clothing brand Brooks Brothers.	1
By 1940 he had begun to doubt Trotsky's view of the Soviet Union as a degenerated workers state.	0
His first major movie was The Tailor of Panama, in which he played Mark Pendel.	1
After 1914 the rate of artwork increased &mdash; the period is noted for its especially expressive woodcuts published.	0
The plan was that the wire tail would be dragged for many miles (kilometers) across the countryside, eventually encountering a high-voltage transmission line.	0
Stein then approached Celtic chairman Bob Kelly, obstensibly to ask his advice about the Wolves job, but in the hope that he would be offered the Celtic manager's post.	0
On 29 April 1806, the couple was granted a divorce.	0
Inability to understand sarcasm can be an early warning sign of a brain disease!	1
Squirrels can eat their own body weight every week, which is roughly 1.5 pounds.	1
The World Surfing Championship was first held in Sydney, Australia, during 1964.	1
The remaining are not considered valid subspecies.	0
The imposing façade, built of local limestone, is 220 m long and faces the town of Mafra.	0
African Grey Parrots have vocabularies of over 200 words	1
The cars somewhat resembled a late 1990s to early 2000s (decade) General Lee clone, but the overall flavor of the General Lee is still obvious.	0
Emporis Skyscraper Award – Mode Gakuen Cocoon Tower in Shinjuku, Tokyo.	0
Ringo Noyamano, from the manga and anime series Air Gear	0
As of 2002, 10.6 million units were sold worldwide.	1
Within each weekend, matches are listed in the following order:	0
Emma’s favorite book from the Harry Potter series is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.	1
He worked as a Judge in San Sebastián and Segovia for twenty years.	0
Kanye West directed the music video for Drake’s “Best I Ever Had”.	1
Gihei agrees, thinking that his wife has betrayed him.	0
Plumacher also writes about one of the many occasions when government troops entered the offices of El Fonógrafo and confiscated everything.	0
Tolkien considered Sam as the “chief hero” of the story!	1
Lee Kun Hee the chairman of Samsung made staff create a pile of 150,000 phone and fax machines before destroying them in front of the 2000-strong crowd to make a point about the new era of quality driven products.	1
Horsea cannot learn any physical attacks without TMs.	1
Venter retired from politics in 1994, and has criticized her successors for abandoning the AIDS response plan.	0
Like true lobsters, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas, for instance.	1
The original purpose of this Mountain dog was to guard and protect the herds against predators (wild animals or thieves).	0
Tarzan ou le Chevalier crispé, 10/18.	0
She and a younger sister had a difficult childhood as a result of their parents' troubled marriage.	0
However, Shizong was also a drunkard and liked to hunt.	0
The 1985–86 Divizia A was the sixty-eighth season of Divizia A, the top-level football league of Romania.	0
After the Battle of Köse Dağ, Seljuk hold over the region was lost, and local Emirs such as the Eretna took power until the rise of the Ottomans.	0
They were supported by the Inverness Battery covering the New Zealanders, the Leicester and Somerset Batteries covering the Australians and the Hong Kong Battery covering the Camel Corps battalion, while the HAC battery shelled the "C" group of redoubts from a distance of three quarters of a mile (1.21 km).	0
He joined the ABC comedy drama Maximum Bob as a fast-talking ex-con.	1
Ecclestone played 692 career NHL games, scoring 126 goals and 233 assists for 359 points.	0
Meghan has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.	1
3April 8@ Rays0–3Hellickson (1–0)Hughes (0–1)Rodney (2)30,4130–3	0
Examples have included "Now Panic and Freak Out" (with an upside-down crown), "Get Excited and Make Things" (with a crown incorporating spanners), "Keep Calm and Have a Cupcake" (with a cupcake icon), "Don’t Panic and Fake a British Accent", "Keep Calm and Hate Apple" (with the Windows logo), "Keep Calm and Hate Microsoft" (with the Apple logo), "Keep Calm and Switch to Linux" (with Tux) and "Keep Spending and Carry On Shopping".	0
Since 1987 he has performed as a concert and oratorio singer, including appearances at the Leipzig Gewandhaus, the Berlin Schauspielhaus, the Semperoper in Dresden and the Cologne Philharmonie ( ).	0
Although Gamma Phi Beta is primarily considered a social organization, the sorority has a long history of community service and philanthropic participation.	0
Cattle is grazing, horn can be heard,	0
In addition to the faculty member supervising the research, who will be the committee chair, the committee must have at least two additional members.	0
1921 - R. K. Laxman, Indian illustrator	0
What makes the highside so deadly is that the bike can go from traveling down the road at high speed completely under control to tumbling down the road at high speed with the rider flying in front of it, all within a split second with little if any warning.	0
The M37 Breda's slow rate of fire helped prevent overheating during continuous fire, and its powerful, heavy-bullet cartridge had excellent range and penetration.	0
It is predominant in the Indian subcontinent including India, Bangladesh, and Myanmar; but also very common in other south-east Asian countries like Bali, Indonesia, Malaysia etc.	0
Mariusz Latkowski Marcin Świerczyński Krzysztof Koczoń Paweł Ptak39.96	0
During the reign of Philip II, the Royal Alcázar of Madrid saw its complete conversion to a royal palace.	0
This was also the infamous week where Marie Osmond fainted during the judges' critique of her Samba.	0
It is not allowed to pour out by hand holding a bottle from below.	0
In 2007 he moved to Campos Grand Prix, where he joined Giorgio Pantano.	0
After Picasso died, his wife, Jacqueline Roqe, was so devastated and lonely that she killed herself 13 years later by gunshot.	1
Honey is the only natural food which never spoils	1
His full name is Thomas Anthony Parker.	1
A total of 226 athletes from 29 nations entered the competition.	0
These families are now majorly involved in Emmerdale's storylines and have begun a new era in the show.	0
Both are placed in the device together and successfully reintegrated.	0
Omastar first appeared in episode 46, Attack of the Prehistoric Pokémon.	1
Much is at stake - foreign papers have written very biased things about Siam, and Britain is thinking about establishing a protectorate.	0
It supplements the traditional Unix discretionary access control (DAC) model by providing mandatory access control (MAC).	0
He chose a path of confrontation, of conflict.	0
In Scotland, theft of a sheep is still an hang-able offense!	1
Herefords will stand out in the arctic snows of Finland, endure the heat of Northern Transvaal, withstand the tough climate and rough grazing of northern Uruguay or the sub-tropical zones of Brazil and continue to thrive.	0
Green tea has 50% more vitamin C than black tea	1
The electoral campaign took place from 12 to 24 November.	0
He has a degree from the Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales in Russian language and from the Institut d&apos;Études Politiques de Paris in International Relations.	0
Guillermo del Toro's kaiju eiga homage Pacific Rim ends with a joint dedication to Honda and Ray Harryhausen.	0
A group of twelve things is called a Duodecad.	1
They have two children: Alexandra and Leopoldo.	0
Neil has written and published a memoir called “Neil Patrick Harris: Choose Your Own Autobiography” which is formatted in the same was as a Choose Your Own Adventure style book.	1
A sets of "earrings, finger-rings, bracelets, a series of necklace ornaments and amulets, a pair of silver 'gloves' and a tiny silver sandal" were found within this tomb.	0
Amtrak and NJ Transit concourses are located on the first level below the street-level while the Long Island Rail Road concourse is two levels below street-level.	0
He first appeared in an arcade game called Rad Mobile where it was found to be hanging as a toy from the rear view mirror!	1
Black Kites, and other birds of prey are common during the dry season.	0
Agricultural Research Service (ARS), United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).	0
September 11th is now commemorated as Patriot’s Day to honor those who died in the tragedy.	1
There has been an estimated 217 Dracula film roles.	1
The actor has said Clough is the real-life character he enjoyed playing most.	0
There are many types of cheese such as hard cheese, soft cheese, cream cheese, and processed cheese, all which can be used in cooking.	1
However talking weird voices can come in handy sometimes, as Becky’s said that she can master any foreign accent.	1
The statues are made of bronze and their height is 7 meters.	1
Chronik der Pornoaffäre Sebastian Bleisch, Schwarzkopf und Schwarzkopf Verlag, Berlin 1998, ISBN 3-89602-145-1	0
The Greek national anthem has 158 verses	1
Marr's jangly Rickenbacker guitar-playing was influenced by Roger McGuinn of The Byrds, Neil Young's work with Crazy Horse, George Harrison (with The Beatles) and James Honeyman-Scott of The Pretenders.	0
Islamic art is centered usually around Allah, and since Allah cannot be represented by imagery , geometric patterns are used.	0
Image:Bjni Fortress.JPG|Remains of Bjni Fortress with a medieval structure being rebuilt upon the plateau.	0
An unusual feature is that the Goliath frog doesn’t have a nuptial pad which is found on the forearms of the males that help with holding a female during reproduction.	1
Once on heat, female ferrets will die unless they have sex.	1
His mother is Shirley Ashworth and father Neil Arthur.	1
They built a cluster of houses and then in the course of time, Pawa community was formed.	0
It is the law in France that at least 4 out of 10 songs played on the radio must be French.	1
Cause: what caused the action to occur in the first place; not for what, rather because of what (e.g., Because Clyde was hungry, he ate the cake.	0
The band was playing so loud he could not judge how good they were, but he decided to give them a chance.	0
Karasburg has an extreme climate most times of the year with temperatures rising over 40 degrees Celsius in the rainy season and dropping to 2 degrees in the dry season.	0
In the US, Pancake Day is commonly known as ‘Mardi Gras’, which is French for ‘Fat Tuesday’.	1
Cameron Diaz broke her nose in a surfing accident in Hawaii on her birthday in 2003.	1
If an object, such as stars or comets, goes to close to a black hole it will be stretched like a membrane, this is known as ‘spaghettification’.	1
Boţeşti, a village in Girov Commune, Neamţ County	0
In 1912, Olympic gold medals were entirely made from gold but modern medals contain only 6 grams of gold.	1
He was successfully operated twice in October 1972.	0
Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks!	1
The Latin America Region spins off new regions for the Caribbean and Mexico.	0
At the end of the 1990s she moved to Madrid, Spain.	0
Manuel Santos, built the convent made of wood in 1883.	0
After graduating at Paris as doctor of medicine in 1863, and doctor of science in 1866, he was appointed professor of physiology successively at Bordeaux (1866) and the Sorbonne (1869).	0
Bruno refused to work for Inoki, preferring to stay loyal to his old friend Giant Baba, the owner of All Japan.	0
Everlasting matches first appeared in the Target novelisation Doctor Who and the Daleks, in which the First Doctor states that they are "an invention of his".	0
Black feathers increase from 2 to 5 years of age amongst a scattering of brown-tipped feathers, though the contrasting creamy trousers are maintained through the 3rd year.	0
Another version of the word's origin is that it comes from the Russian noun рубец, rubets, i.e., the seam that is left around the coin after casting: silver was added to the cast in two steps.	0
List of Prussian locomotives and railbuses	0
Other important figures guillotined on the site, often in front of cheering crowds, were Queen Marie Antoinette, Princess Élisabeth of France, Charlotte Corday, Madame du Barry, Georges Danton, Camille Desmoulins, Antoine Lavoisier, Maximilien Robespierre, Louis de Saint-Just and Olympe de Gouges.	0
Sir Isaac Newton was 23 when he discovered the law of gravity	1
Joe Mays (American football) (born 1985), professional football player for the Philadelphia Eagles	0
who is following in his father's footsteps and training to be a boxer as well.	0
The economy was in freefall, due to declining industry and lack of demand for Belarusian goods.	0
They are typically 8–12 km in diameter, but can be up to 20 km across.	0
The little hole in some sinks that lets the water drain out instead of flowing is called a 'porcelator'	1
Various kinds of patterns were carved on bronze, jade, and pottery wares.	1
It has the chapter of 'Four Yi', and describes the Manchurian, Korean, and Japanese history.	0
Felsenstein died at age 74 in East Berlin.	0
De Castelli: Art Direction and Design, 2009-2010	0
By late 2012 and early 2013, The Vamps uploaded cover songs to YouTube, where they rapidly got themselves a large fan-base.	1
(Tex in River City Ransom, Clint in Crash 'n the Boys: Street Challenge) – Boss of Tanihana High School, he guards the school hallways leading to the floor where Mami is held.	0
Scrabble is ranked as the second best board game in U.S. History, second only to Monopoly.	1
Robert G. Henderson and Alan Robert Murray	0
The Schoodic Peninsula is much more secluded than Mount Desert Island, yet encompasses 3,500 additional acres of Acadia National Park.	1
A cucumber is a fruit and not a vegetable since it has seeds in the centre!	1
They now purchased bank stock and extended their loans to agriculture, housing, exports, businesses, governments, and assisted in disaster relief.	0
In November 2012, The University of Georgia has been elected to the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, recognition of its growing reputation in atmospheric and related science.	0
The renowned Windows Jingle, recognised across the world, was created for Windows 95 and was designed by musician Brian Eno.	1
There are two rivers: Vargas (also called Rabanera) and Vadillos, both tributaries of the Leza from the right.	0
The puma and jaguarundi's next closest relation is the cheetah.	1
on Screen Guild Theater: November 16, 1941	0
Only 12 survivors were pulled from the rubble after the collapse of the towers.	1
: 1848 – 1957), 29 March 1856, p.7	0
Saigon – Tan Son Nhut International Airport (Hub)	0
In the third set, Chen and Peng could no longer keep up, and were defeated by their fellows.	0
Barks also drew many of the storyboards for the film.	0
In 2009 Panasonic introduced AVCHD Lite and AVCHD to selected members of its Lumix line of digital cameras:	0
Massive use of the powerful insecticide DDT was the linchpin of the government's effort to eradicate the disease.	0
Manky Kong, the villain, is the only “Kong” not to be part of the Donkey Kong family.	1
The plant of this species regularly produces a flower that is about 36 inches across.	0
A babies heart contains the same number of cells as an adult heart but is only one-sixteenth the size!	1
He was installed as a subdeacon on 28 August 1783.	0
Charolais cows, while in Ireland, Charolais is the leading terminal	0
Around 2200 runners took part in the day's event in 2010.	0
Goats can develop accents depending on which goats they hang about with.	1
These efforts continued into the 1960s, with the International Softball Federation working consistently towards inclusion.	0
His starting position was minor, but he was eager to learn the banking business.	0
Anderlecht342563772781+50Qualified for 2004-05 UEFA Champions League.	0
Even management activities such as stage planning are defined by their final output, such as a physical report containing the new stage plan.	0
Originally, Jimin’s stage name was supposed to be either Baby J or Young Kid.	1
Riihimäki Cocks ( ) is a Finnish handball club from Riihimäki.	0
Coffee represents 75% of all the caffeine consumed in the US	1
Madi people during the Second Sudanese Civil War (1983–2005)	0
The hide from one cow can make 144 baseballs, 20 footballs, and or 12 basketballs by-products.	1
Times Square was originally called Longacre square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.	1
Today this all-volunteer group is open to everyone and puts on five shows each year.	0
When Nkrumah was ousted by a military coup, Stasi Major Jurgen Rogalla was imprisoned.	0
Some sections of these rivers require additional flood control structures.	0
Northup's account provides extensive details on the slave markets in Washington, D.C. and New Orleans and describes at length cotton and sugar cultivation on major plantations in Louisiana.	0
In 1861, the village Mawsynram is officially the wettest place in the world, receiving the highest annual average rainfall in the whole world.	1
of their body weight at 200 days.	0
The Indians of the Americas were still heavily exploited, with significant population declines.	0
Atychiphobia is the fear of failure	1
^ Block, Eric (2010).	0
A Super-Deluxe edition also included a DVD with live footage & promo videos, a 100-page book, 5 postcards, a poster, and a 7" 180-gram replica vinyl single of "Beast of Burden".	0
Particularly in smaller organizations one person will need the necessary skills for designing and programming the full web page, while larger organizations may have a web designer responsible for the visual aspect alone.	0
War Plan Orange, a series of United States war plans	0
In a letter to Walter Ong dated May 31, 1953, McLuhan reported that he had received a two-year grant of $43,000 from the Ford Foundation to carry out a communication project at the University of Toronto involving faculty from different disciplines, which led to the creation of the journal.	0
Angelina Jolie performed her own stunts whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.	1
The arms of the Inveraray and District Community Council in Scotland have as a field In waves of the sea.	0
There are many Government & Private schools in Raipur.	0
There was a busy marketplace in the 17th century and Tampere was originally founded on the banks of the rapids, as the rushing water provided a great deal of power for the needs of industry.	0
Ugg boots, the popular winter footwear made from sheepskin, originated in Australia.	1
The pink-colored larvae hatch after about a week and live under the bark, where they are predators of bark beetle larvae, eggs and pupae, but also feed on other insects living under the bark.	0
The appointment is not full-time and there is no long-term commitment.	0
One solution is to use a CSRF filter.	0
There was another Vincent van Gogh before him – his brother who died during labor was given the same name.	1
Press 3 (def) twice to select e.	0
It finally grossed $104,636,382 in the US and $47,400,000 elsewhere, grossing approximately $152,000,000 overall.	0
If they feel threatened by a predator, these insects will produce a bitter-tasting chemical paste on their bodies.	1
The foundations were laid in October 1822 and the shell of the building completed by February 1824.	0
In England, he has had three names: Lord Christmas, Old Father Christmas and Sir Christmas.	1
'Eccedentesiast' is the term used for someone who hides his/her pain and misery behind a fake smile.	1
Mountain Lions Prey A Mountain Lion hunts at dawn and dusk.	1
Cascade1988an interpretation of Paul Hardcastle's "19"	0
Ferencvárosi TC won 0–6 on aggregate.	0
Dolan visited Ground Zero, the site of the September 11 attacks, on the following April 24.	0
The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.	1
He was considered the wisest of the Maiar.	1
, Spanish documentary about the life of Ramón Mercader, at IMDBase	0
The first toothbrush was invented in 1498	1
In 1921 the founder of the modern games, Pierre de Coubertin, used a Latin phrase ‘Citius, Altius, Fortius (“Swifter, Higher, Stronger”)’ for the Olympic motto.	1
There is a total of 204 episodes in the Keifer Sutherland U.S. series 24.	1
This player then sees if the selected card makes a pair with their original cards.	0
The most famous groups are the chirigotas, the choirs, and the comparsas.	0
Campo is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	0
1st Overall RaboSter Zeeuwsche Eilanden, Mirjam Melchers-van Poppel	0
Oksana Parkhomenko (born July 28, 1984) is an Azerbaijan volleyball player who plays as a setter.	0
The aircraft carrier was hit by four torpedoes from and sank seventy nautical miles south of Cape Salinas.	0
iCab 5 was released on June 12, 2012.	0
The CD contains ten tracks and includes songs performed by various artists including: Los Lobos, Santana, Ike &amp; Tina Turner, Bobby Day, Kid Frost, War, and other performers.	0
Bronze is still commonly used in ship propellers and submerged bearings.	0
To better protect the horses, steps have been taken to make veterinary care more easily available during the main race.	0
In 453, the Ostrogoths regained their independence under the Amali, Theodemir.	0
The population density of mountain lions can range from 1 per 85 km2 to as high as 1 per 13 km2, depending on the abundance of available resources, such as prey.	0
6 on its second week on the chart.	0
Within the state’s socialistic single party government, Honecker determinedly resumed his political career and the following year was nominated as a candidate for the Politburo of the SED’s Central Committee.	0
long as the ox teamster is always smarter than the oxen.	0
Peeping Tom, a novel by Howard Jacobson centering on the work of Thomas Hardy	0
The legs of both males and females have one or two spurs, which give them their name.	0
In Family Guy‘s retelling of Star Wars, Peter takes on the character of Han Solo.	1
The Amazing Race Canada (July 15, 2013–present)	0
Indeed, ramp's vitamin and mineral content did bolster the health of people who went without many green vegetables during the winter.	0
Hurricane Ike made landfall on Galveston Island in the early morning of September 13, 2008 as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 110 miles per hour.	1
Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year: Chip Kelly, Oregon	0
Apart from a factory producing various tanks made of glassfiber-reinforced plastic (Bokn Plast), there is no industry on the islands other than some fish farming.	0
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Olympics, Berens made his second Olympic team by finishing fourth in the 100-meter freestyle and third in the 200-meter freestyle, qualifying him to swim in the 4x100-meter freestyle relay and the 4x200-meter freestyle relay, respectively.	0
Instead, on 7 November 1939, SS chief Heinrich Himmler offered him the post of Commissioner for the Strengthening of Germandom in Silesia.	0
In December 2013, it was reported that Bayona was chosen to direct a sequel to the zombie-action film World War Z, taking over the reins from Marc Forster.	0
"I feel that if someone is not doing their job it should be called to their attention.	0
After that race, he moved to the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.	0
These Grolar/Pizzly bears are only birthed by polar bears, and grow up living like a polar bear, but they have brown fur.	1
His 1956 film Torero was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.	0
Trois hommes à abattre ( ) is a French crime film released in 1980, directed by Jacques Deray, starring Alain Delon with Dalila Di Lazzaro.	0
Security analysts in the West were largely unconcerned by Iran's capabilities to disrupt trade in the area.	0
"Thus he lives contemplating mental object in mental objects ... and clings to naught in the world."	0
Dead-end roads (aka cul-de-sacs) were the most clicked entry on the German version of Wikipedia in 2012.	1
The synod also made the See of Waterford a suffragan of the Archbishop of Cashel having previously been a Danish city subject to Canterbury.	0
David Bowie came out as bisexual in 1972.	1
The story focuses mostly on the 1947 Brooklyn Dodgers season and somewhat on Robinson's 1946 season with the Montreal Royals, which emphasize his battles with racism.	0
He also claims that in this place everything is possible.	0
Zayn was born on 12th January 1993.	1
In the late summer of 1919 a sit-down was called for so that representatives of the two warring factions, including Sam Gianolla and John Vitale could meet and possibly determine a peaceful solution to the bloody war which had claimed many lives on both sides.	0
Mating between mountain lions can occur at any time of year, although it usually takes place between December and March in more northern latitudes.	1
In 2005, Frito-Lay launched Cheetos Lip Balm, but it was quickly taken off the market due to its failure.	1
The film was released in February 2013.	1
The chain's management was accused of slave-like work, unfair conditions, threats and disobeying state labour laws by some of its former employees, who occupied a restaurant in Viry-Châtillon (Essonne in the outskirts of Paris) daily from 9am to 11pm as a sign of protest.	0
Bulbasaur is the third most commonly seen Pokémon in the anime series, with Meowth being number two, and obviously Pikachu at number 1.	1
( ) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate fastest lap)	0
Jackie Chan as Da Chui / Lung (Hong Kong version) / Steve (US version)	0
Google has averaged a new company acquisition each week since 2010.	1
At that time, the mall was enclosed.	0
On 27 March, the advance guard of the 1st Panzer Army moved west toward the Zbruch river, while the rearguard began a fighting withdrawal, with the rest of the 200,000 troops between them.	0
Ashton auditioned for X-factor in November 2010.	1
This heritability can vary by age, age of onset, and other factors.	0
In The President Wore Pearls, Lisa’s email address is revealed, it’s smartgirl63@yahoo.com.	1
About 7.10% of families and 9.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.00% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.	0
Noguera, Antonio: Juan Aulí: Misa de coro con acompañamiento (Palma de Mallorca: Imprenta Gelabert, 1887)	0
Before he was the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau worked as a nightclub bouncer and a snowboarding instructor.	1
Scientists have performed brain surgery on cockroaches.	1
They are also well developed in the regions of valuable cuts - the back, loin, and hind quarters or round.	0
Mssassi played for Morocco at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.	0
Walrus carcasses were used as dog food and to attract polar bears.	0
A variety of fresh water turtle, hickatees are found in the fresh water and brackish ponds around the islands.	0
Nova Kbm Branik Maribor1 – 3 (12-25, 23-25, 25-16, 27-29) 0 – 3 (18-25, 20-25, 19-25)Volley Köniz	0
The loudest human burp ever recorded was by Londoner Paul Hunn and measured 107.1 decibels (about as loud as a pneumatic hammer).	1
In 1712, Tolstoy sent him with recommendations to Peter I.	0
New Zealand Sign Language became an official language of New Zealand in April 2006.	0
Females continue to interact with their offspring even after weaning, and have been observed sharing kills with their offspring when they can not obtain any prey.	0
At 26 years old, males can no longer be drafted in to the United States	1
160 cars can drive side by side on the Monumental Axis in Brazil, the world’s widest road!	1
There is a monetary system called the 'gold standard' which fixes a unit of money to a certain weight of gold.	1
poly 390 410 333 420 334 435 312 434 309 432 287 425 264 437 262 449 245 456 237 474 234 496 235 509 246 519 256 518 267 524 299 523 320 500 339 498 362 504 382 498 389 411 909	0
Vaz Tê was born in Lisbon, but moved a year later to live with his father in Guinea-Bissau, where he lived until he was 11 years old.	0
Due to varying ideologies, feminists were not always supportive of each other's efforts.	0
Together with Noel Fielding, Pizzorno also wrote and recorded the soundtrack for the E4 comedy sketch show Noel Fielding&apos;s Luxury Comedy.	0
His grandmother gave him the middle name Luke.	1
Once new functionality is added to gobject library it is instantly available as a Python API without the need for intermediate Python glue.	0
In some individuals a single exposure can cause berylliosis.	0
The Titanic was built in Belfast	1
The candy cane was first mentioned in association with Christmas in 1874.	1
George Shelley is the youngest member of Union J.	1
Leopards cross between Russia, China, and North Korea across the Tumen River despite a high and long wire fence marking the boundary.	1
When Pokémon Go took the world by storm in 2016, Hollywood wanted to produce a live-action movie which would not include Ash Ketchum.	1
1933 - Peter Arundell, English race car driver (d. 2009)	0
Bruno Mars’ favorite food is Chicken Adobo, which is the national dish of the Philippines.	1
2nd Stage 3 (Berridale to Cabramurra)	0
The solidus was first introduced by Diocletian (r. 284–305) around 301 AD, struck at 60 to the Roman pound of pure gold (and thus weighing about 5.5 g each) and with an initial value equal to 1,000 denarii.	0
One more symptom would be the development of gangrene.	0
As of 2006 the population was estimated to be in the year , .	0
Third, that historians eager to jump on the bandwagon of Lincoln as America's greatest political icon worked to outdo one another in shifting blame for early military failures from Lincoln and Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton to McClellan.	0
"The Handbook of Culture and Psychology" Oxford University Press, 2001.	0
Musician Robyn Hitchcock spent time in Seaford, writing about it in his song Museum Of Sex.	0
Several African countries don’t like second-hand clothes being imported to their countries because it is destroying their local textiles industry.	1
The county is named for American Revolutionary War general and Secretary of War Henry Knox, who lived in the county from 1795 until his death in 1806.	0
28.Dallas-Fort Worth International AirportDallas/Fort Worth, Texas, United StatesDFW741,80525 (-3)0.1%	0
Morphology, from the Greek and meaning "study of shape", may mean:	0
Another critic, labelled Jeans as "glossy and extravagant" and comments that the "film clicks".	0
Amodio continued working with Morozov, as well as Dumont whenever he was in France.	0
There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which is less than most third-world countries.	1
The Carolingians were the second dynasty to rule Germany and were related by marriage to all the others.	0
Two weeks before Christmas is the most popular time for couples to break up – with Christmas Day the last popular.	1
At the time, Armenia was still struggling to free itself from Arab rule.	0
While acknowledging that out-of-work adults who had exhausted their unemployment insurance had the right to keep some of their possessions, he added that the government had to set limits on luxury items and that this reform would allow greater payments to the "truly needy."	0
Paterson took the safer but slower approach of updating the disk with each operation.	0
They have announced plans to enter the FIA Formula E Championship when it starts in 2014.	0
Rosenberg at least managed to be appointed Reichsleiter ("Reich leader") of the new arbeitsbereich.	0
Their song Follow Me There, off Move, is the featured as the theme song to the TLC Television show Sarah Palin&apos;s Alaska which debuted in 2010.	0
Drake said that his song “Hotline Bling” was not a rap song even though he is widely regarded as a rapper.	1
The show began on 6th February 2005.	1
In May 2012, Jim Parsons is scheduled to appear on Broadway as “Elwood P. Dowd” in a revival of Harvey.	1
2nd Place, Groupe B : Ivry-sur-Seine	0
there were 213 single family homes (or 52.5% of the total) out of a total of 406 inhabited buildings.	0
A history of the Charax can be distilled primarily from ancient texts and numismatic sources, as the city has never been excavated.	0
As was common for the period, the station was divided into an arrival side on the west, and a departure side on the east.	0
He fell in love with Angelina Jolie on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith.	1
Worth wrote a separate book, In The Midst of Life in 2010, about her time working with mental health patients.	1
Frédéric Encel is a French writer and scholar of geopolitics.	0
Pfaff, initially reluctant to leave Minneapolis and join Hole, reconsidered after advice from her father, Norman: "From a professional point of view, there was no decision", he later told Seattle Weekly, "because they're already on Geffen Records and already have this huge following in England... if you're wanting to move up the ladder, that's the way to go."	0
The extinct Ubykh language, spoken in the Caucasus until 1992, holds the record for most consonants: it had 83 but only two vowels.	1
Image:Chlodwigs taufe.jpg|Saint Remigius baptizes Clovis, in a painting of ca 1500	0
Habitat: Stationary water bodies like ponds, lakes and artificial pools.	0
Baked beans are actually not baked, but stewed.	1
Book 27 of Proverbs has 27 verses.	1
Dirty snow melts quicker than clean snow	1
Akshat Saxena from India was born with 34 fingers and toes.	1
The more you jerk awake, the more sleep you lose.	0
Lipovec is a village and municipality in Martin District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.	0
In an interview with Maxim as part of a photo-shoot she did for them (more on that later) she told them that, like Bernadette did in the early episodes of The Big Bang Theory, she waited tables at a couple of restaurants and bars whilst studying at college.	1
The abbreviated name of the university (Oxon., Cantab.	0
The seal itself was discovered in northern Kyūshū in the 18th century.	0
Many sheep lovers from around the world have declared the 27th October to be hug a sheep day!	1
He became the first left-handed pitcher to start his career with six consecutive seasons of double digit wins.	0
As NDP Transport Critic, Julian lead the successful fight in the House of Commons to stop the SMS transport safety bill, which he believed to be an attempt to turn safety over to air transport companies themselves, something Julian termed "self-serve safety".	0
Politics play an important role in the both the book and film series, due to the right and left-wing viewpoints.	1
from: 1437 till: 1460 color:sw text:James II	0
He had no further success with the club, but remained during the turbulent later 1970s, and eventually left in March 1978 with the club by then in Division Two, and moved to the Philadelphia Fury of the NASL, playing alongside fellow ex-Chelsea star Peter Osgood.	0
« Le pique-nique de Claretta », (1973), France Culture	0
Lindsay made 15 points in the game, 7 rebounds and no blocks.	0
Their songs continue to be used in Tiovita drink commercials, starting with Jubilee, followed by Taiyo no blues, Shatsu o Araeba, Maho no Jutan, and a new song yet to be released.	0
Total consumer surplus after the shift: the green area	0
The tag is made, after the catch, by swiping the mitt downward, toward the in-coming runner's head or shoulder, often in one fluid motion that is integrated with the act of catching the ball.	0
Interestingly, he is the only True Blood cast member from Louisiana.	1
He wrote: "And I'm angry, too, with us, with the Israelis who by exploiting, oppressing, and victimizing them made the Jewish people lose their moral tradition, their proper place in history."	0
Homer Simpson’s birthday is 12th May 1956.	1
So they have an affair that involves meeting in secret.	0
She passed through the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands and into the north Atlantic Ocean.	0
When the results of the 1913 elections indicated a clear victory for the KMT it appeared that Song would be in a position to exercise a dominant role in selecting the premier and cabinet, and the party could have proceeded to push for the election of a future president in a parliamentary setting.	0
The Seeds were an American rock band.	0
VC-54C: One C-54A converted as Presidential transport version (Sacred Cow colloq.)	0
One of those were K ON!!	0
It’s estimated that posts that include at least one hashtag gain 12.6% more engagement.	1
Glendale School District (also in Cambria County)	0
He later reaches Gon and Alluka cures him by turning into her other persona, "IT" (Nanika), when Killua asks her.	0
As of 2012 there are 3,301 daily southbound boardings on the MARC Penn Line.	0
The Lutheran Gymnasium Tisovec, founded in 1992, The Lutheran Gymnasium is perceived to be among the better high schools in Slovakia.	0
Extra space for the EU institutions were needed in time for the 2004 enlargement of the European Union.	0
A Beautiful Lie was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in January 2006 for distribution of over one million albums.	1
Members of this species are medium to large-sized rodents which also looks remarkably like a long-tailed rabbit.	0
Lesser short-nosed fruit bats are generally brown to yellowish brown with a brighter collar.	0
There is also the Los Supergenios de la Mesa Cuadrada created by Mexican comedian Chespirito transmitted in Mexico between 1968 and 1973 that created famous characters like El Chavo del Ocho and El Chapulín Colorado and other character like Los Caquitos, Dr. Chapatín and Los Chifladitos.	0
It is the capital of Uzgen District.	0
A cluster of power punches from Lyle sent Foreman to the canvas.	0
They contain a pulsating swirl of golden veins.	0
His first assignment was as a parochial vicar at in Highland Park, where he remained for one year.	0
When the city of Harrisburg did not upgrade Metro Bank Park to AAA standards, the Baltimore Orioles shifted their interest to Allentown because of its proximity to the Mid-Atlantic.	0
Human Rights Watch described the trial as "one of the most important cases involving a political dissident in the recent history of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam".	0
Adidas is currently the number one brand in the soccer world with over $2.7 billion in football revenue in 2014.	1
This is only a brief description of the numbers of each member.	0
The rhymes "hollerin'and shoutin' and "fountain" will give an adequate idea of the content.	0
1987 - Jan Smeekens, Dutch speed skater	0
Feminine possessed nouns always take -in.	0
Lets just call them: Wildi and Geesta from the Wildeshausen Geest.	0
The story follows a Lex Luthor-style newspaper magnate with a super-villain alter-ego.	0
River was named after the legendary actor and musician, River Phoenix, of who he models his career after.	1
He has one human child called Dylan.	1
Michael Jackson loved Mexican food; later in his life he loved KFC’s fried chicken.	1
The ride was custom-built for both parks.	0
The church of San Cayetano in Madrid.	0
Night Droppings or Cecotropes are eaten by the rabbits there and then.	1
It operates chartered passenger and cargo services out of Lviv International Airport.	0
Magnemite is the first Steel-type Pokémon in National Pokédex order.	1
This action damaged his original slab and destroyed other burials around.	0
Both are illustrative of separate, key stages in the evolution of mammals on the Australian continent.	0
His 505 free throws made is more than current record holder Cazzie Russell who had 486 but only played three seasons due to freshmen being ineligible during the time he played, or Manny Harris who had 484 but went to the NBA after his junior season.	0
Mike Henricks - guitars (live 2011 shows)	0
One of those, a flamboyant fellow Varlaam, recalled Modest Musorgsky Pushkin's Varlaam (in Boris Godunov), and he merged the two, incorporating both the features of Melnikov’s character and the song "As in the city of Kazan" from the Grisha novel, into his opera Boris Godunov.	0
Expansion 1.3 EP (Compilation, 2003, Ant-Zen)	0
(In the body, sucrose hydrolyses into fructose and glucose.)	0
The drinking straw was invented in 1886	1
He played sparingly for the Sabres, but was inserted into their lineup during the 2006 Stanley Cup Playoffs to fill one of the holes on their blueline created by injuries to Dmitri Kalinin, Teppo Numminen, and Henrik Tallinder.	0
He was educated at Dover Grammar School, then read for an LLB and a BSc (Econ) at the London School of Economics.	0
of their body weight at 200 days.	0
Satan, the spiritual driving force behind the beast and his armies, is imprisoned:	0
Typical authorization in everyday computer life is, for example, granting read access to a specific file for a specific authenticated user.	0
Dominique François Xavier Félix (général de brigade)	0
In the late Thirties he had become interested in the spiritual teaching of Vedanta and in 1945 he published The Perennial Philosophy, which set out a philosophy that he believed was found amongst mystics of all religions.	0
Brad once dressed as a giant chicken to advertise, ‘el Pollo Loco’.	1
This level of funding proved insufficient for anything beyond the bare minimum of operations by the National Office in Chicago; no official party publication was made available to the members of the organization, with several privately held socialist newspapers fulfilling the function as fonts of party information.	0
A year’s supply of cinnamon was actually burned at the funeral of Roman Emperor Nero’s wife after he killed her as a way of showing his remorse.	1
At the same time, Theophilos had to deal with a revolt by Theophobos and his Kurds.	0
United Airlines UA500 between Indianapolis and San Francisco is named in honour of the Indy 500.	1
Irish land was not fit for grain agriculture until modern machinery and fertilizers of the 20th This is the main reason why potatoes were the staple food from the 17th century and on.	1
After the end of the war in Europe, Whitelaw's unit was to have taken part in the invasion of Japan but the Pacific War ended before this.	0
Every April Fool’s Day, YouTube plays a prank on its millions of users.	1
Lieutenant C. G. Martin, 56th Field Company R. E. (3rd Division).	0
U-373 had a lucky escape when she was attacked by a British Vickers Wellington of No.	0
An adult’s kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.	1
Minuti di un'eternità (1987 – Greatest hits)	0
As of 2000, speakers of English as their first language accounted for 59.92% of the population, while Spanish accounted for 22.63% of residents.	0
He admits that he would prefer to lick a fat man’s armpit, than drown in a sea of mayonnaise!	1
The construction of palaces at that time with a similar architecture was general throughout southern Greece.	0
They erected some buildings and a boat landing on Sand Island and blasted coral to clear a seaplane landing.	0
Another variation suggested by the United States Department of Agriculture during the 1920s was to break the eggs into a bed of pre-cooked rice.	0
Porter's men were concealed in brush and stayed low when the Federals stopped to fire prior to each charge.	0
The finding of degeneration of the cervical spinal cord on MRI can be ominous; the condition is called myelomalacia or cord degeneration.	0
| 1831 Nicholson || April 17, 1968	0
Červená Voda ( ) is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic with a population of 3,264 (2006), is situated in a valley 19 km north-west from the city of Šumperk and belongs to the Okres Ústí nad Orlicí district.	0
Watching scary movies has lasting effects on children and teens, which may affect them well into the adulthood!	1
Its members are consulted on new products and receive special offers and invitations to special gatherings, tastings and events.	0
Statistics show that more than 60% of US households have a pet dog, which proves just how popular they really are.	1
Buddy Holly, Robert Wadlow and Terry Fox all died at the age of 22.	1
If an armadillo comes across an obstacle that it can’t burrow under, they can use their fantastic climbing abilities to go over the object!	1
Apple is so successful, it has twice the amount of money than the U.S. Treasury.	1
The next night Cesare is arrested for trying to hurt Cleopatra (the real one) but in reality the man just wanted to say hello.	0
Bardot performed at the 2000 ARIA Awards at which they were nominated in three categories.	0
L'Age Castle was originally composed of a rectangular enclosure with battlements with four circular towers and a drawbridge dating from the 15th century and lodgings built at the end of the 16th century.	0
• Cattle produce about 25 billion pounds of meat each year.	0
In the mid-1930s, Hopkins was sent to Houston County Prison Farm for an unknown offense.	0
Other locations that reported precipitations include in Albany, in Savannah, and in Macon.	0
The term ‘whale’ often excludes dolphins and porpoises.	1
When tea started being sold in bags, originally it was intended to be removed from the bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea still in the bag.	1
Primidone can also cause vomiting; this happens in 1.0–0.1% of users.	0
The start was at McCovey Cove, where Norman Bellingham of the U.S. Olympic Committee gave the torch to the first torchbearer, Chinese 1992 Olympic champion swimmer Lin Li.	0
More looting and damage would be done by these weary soldiers as they retreated back to Europe.	0
raises his/her football boots perpendicular to the field (colloquially known as "studs up").	0
Demi has performed since the age of 5.	1
Foyt's violent crash at Riverside International Raceway earlier in the year.	0
The movement opens with a "horn call", containing much of the musical material of the work.	0
The degree is designed to give a broad knowledge of the functional areas of a company, and their interconnection, while also allowing for specialization in a particular area.	0
A nazar is a circled-dot-shaped amulet believed to protect against the evil eye	0
The TLRs include TLR1, TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, TLR5, TLR6, TLR7, TLR8, TLR9, TLR10, TLR11, TLR12, and TLR13.	0
The first stage was a period of enterprise autonomy that lasted until December 1946.	0
From the top of the castle can be seen both the River Clyde and Leven Grove Park.	0
Christianity had become well established in Norway by the middle of the 11th century and had become dominant by the middle of the 12th century.	0
Its also gets really crowded with tourists on the weekends.	0
The United States Air Force Academy (USAFA) is the home of the US's only undergraduate satellite program, and has and continues to develop the FalconLaunch sounding rockets.	0
Chapter 8: The Pied Piper of Hamelin	0
Aethe lived forty more years but never killed again.	0
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).	0
Butterflies can see beyond the ultraviolet spectrum and their eyes consist of a network of 6000 lenses.	1
Most of these do not have anything like ericoid leaves, and nor do most Rhamnaceae, Fabaceae, or Geraniaceae.	0
A breakthrough was made when it was tried in a rock music format, and rookie session musician Al Kooper improvised the organ riff for which the track is known.	0
I wore a handkerchief with knots on the side, and my cousin saw me in the post office and said, What are you doing?	0
In Japanese, the word for Friday is formed from the words kinsei, meaning Venus (which literally translates as “gold + water”) and yōbi, meaning day.	1
She then lost in the first rounds of the Australian Open and the Open Gaz de France.	0
It was owned by Moshood Abiola and was promoted to the Nigeria First Division in 1984.	0
During the last days of the war, Baur was with Hitler in the Führerbunker.	0
Washing machines that load from the front, rather than from the top, are more efficient and clean their loads better.	1
Ashraf Jehangir Qazi (born 1942) is a politician in Pakistan and a career diplomat in the United Nations.	0
Their products are sold at Loblaws, Real Canadian Superstore, Giant Tiger and Fortinos, among others.	0
This brought a landscape of wide flat areas, with no trees even along the rivers course.	0
Charles K. Kao — China, Hong Kong, United Kingdom, United States (born 1933) Nobel laureate	0
The station's studios and transmitter were originally located in the Detroit News building in downtown Detroit.	0
William J. Scherle (R) (inc.) – 108,596 (55.26%)	0
Smith, Tolhurst, Gallup and Williams became The Cure again, and released The Head on the Door.	1
By law it is legal for a pregnant woman to relieve herself anywhere she wishes, even a policeman’s hat!	1
It is often considered a subspecies of the grey-headed sparrow.	0
The erasers (sometimes replaced by a sharpener on pencils with larger lead sizes) are also removable (and thus replaceable), and usually cover a place to store replacement leads.	0
The Palestinian side is offering all the help it can through official channels."	0
Apples, pears, cherries and strawberries are all members of the rose family.	1
While they generically deal with the virtual reality of the Matrix, and the Zion rebels, conceivably they could take place at any point in the generations-long struggle between the human rebels and the Machines running the Matrix.	0
One was heavily built, large with a longish coat, and the other medium-sized in build – an active, smooth-coated water dog.	0
As a product enhancement, in the late 1980s WordStar 5 came bundled with PC-Outline, a popular DOS outliner then available from Brown Bag Software, Inc. in California.	0
Come while you still have the place to yourself.Local Flavor: Pickled Wrinkles at The Pickled Wrinkle, Birch Harbor.	0
Pienza, a town and comune in the province of Siena, in the Val d&apos;Orcia in Tuscany (central Italy), between the towns of Montepulciano and Montalcino, is the "touchstone of Renaissance urbanism."	0
Caffeine serves the function of a pesticide in a coffee plant!	1
Two problems ensue from the multiplicity of transcription systems used for Tlingit.	0
The plant of this species regularly produces a flower that is about 36 inches across.	0
(2003) Dreaming by the Book: Freud's 'The Interpretation of Dreams' and the History of the Psychoanalytic Movement, New York: Other Press.	0
When it begins, George Stroud (Ray Milland), editor-in-chief of Crimeways magazine, is shown hiding from building security behind the "big clock" ― the largest and most sophisticated clock ever built, which dominates the lobby of the giant publishing company where he works, Janoth Publications in New York City.	0
The boys have admitted that they like to follow people that have 5SOS in their Twitter name or bio.	1
Whitman is among the most influential poets in the American canon, often called the father of free verse.	0
Keeping cats can increase the chances of mental illness and cause suicidal behaviour in women!	1
"After the Louvre," he said later, "I thought no project would be too difficult."	0
2012 - Maurice Herzog, French mountaineer and author (b.	0
Over 275 million games have been sold worldwide in over 111 different countries, and has been translated into 43 languages.	1
Horses killed more people in Australia in recent years than all venomous animals combined.	1
In 2006, he portrayed Alexander Pushkin, revered as the Russian language's greatest poet, in .	0
A rabbit can easily live up to 10 years, if properly taken care of.	1
Tara pre-dates many of Siberia's larger cities and for many years served as a gateway for further eastward settlement.	0
Malvidin is responsible for the blue color found in petals of the Primula plants of the polyanthus group.	0
This is why the Lotus is not seen blossoming in the winter.	0
Because they love the flow of blood, kidneys have a higher blood flow compared to the brain and liver.	1
In December 2014, following the duo’s headline tour, a full-length documentary movie of their tour was released online by DigiTour Media.	1
In Romanian, Dracula is translated to ‘dragon’ and ‘devil’.	1
Trump is also a member of the Screen Actors Guild – an organization that sees to the benefit and welfare of working actors in movies and television.	1
Beginning November 10, 1958, F service was cut back from Second Avenue and started terminating at Broadway – Lafayette Street weekdays.	0
Shillibeer built another bus for the Quaker Newington Academy for Girls near London; this had a total of 25 seats, and entered history as the first school bus.	0
In the 2007 Estonian parliamentary election, the party received 143,528 votes (26.1% of the total), an improvement of +0.7%.	0
Such noise as there is tends to emanate from auxiliary systems such as power steering pumps and air conditioning.	0
As such any rule can be used for any purpose.	0
In 1984, Fekete was invited by the American Institute for Economic Research to spend a year as visiting fellow.	0
Whilst there, he visited many churches, mosques, temples and zoos.	1
John Quincy Adams: John Quincy Adams liked to go skinny dipping in the Potomac.	1
Eagle Eye Mysteries in London (1994) for PC and Macintosh, published by Creative Wonders (EA Kids)	0
Horses have 18 more bones than humans	1
According to studies, prematurely born babies are more likely to be left-handed!	1
Candy canes do not have any fat or cholesterol.	1
Justin has been best friends with Ryan since they were 7.	1
The regent immediately dispatched instructions ordering Castro's son, Álvaro de Castro, to take over his father's credentials, proceed to Ceuta and fulfill the mission.	0
He was born in Basel and studied at the University of Basel from 1852 to 1854, and then at Würzburg and Prague, where he became a medical doctor in 1857.	0
In Wales, Plaid Cymru supports Welsh independence.	0
Of this, 7,856.45 square miles (20,348.12 km²) is land, and only 56.08 km² (21.653 sq mi, or 0.275%) is water.	0
The R33 GT-R launched in January 1995 with the base model GT-R and the V.spec model.	0
JJ auditioned for the BBC series The Cut, but didn’t get the part because he didn’t quite fit the role they was looking for.	1
Sandy Baron (May 5, 1937 – January 21, 2001) was an American comedian who performed on stage, in films, and on television.	0
Butterflies have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, this is known as the exoskeleton.	1
These were also denominated in francs, with denominations of 4 rial (20 francs) and 20 rial (100 francs).	0
The new investors were Hottinguer, Mirabaud, Neuflize, Mallet and Vernes.	0
Zapp Brannigan is the captain of the Earth Ship Nimbus.	1
Like his elder brother Jean-Baptiste Colbert, began his career in the office of the minister of war Le Tellier.	0
The Peugeot Bipper Tepee is a small MPV also introduced in 2008 and based on the same platform.	0
Norse mythology dating back into the late 1100’s and 1200’s includes stories of jugglers and juggling.	1
Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha’s.	1
The inhabitants of Guanacaste (modern day Liberia) chose to continue to be part of Nicaragua in 1824.	0
Honório Hermeto Carneiro Leão was born on 11 January 1801, in the freguesia (civil parish) of São Carlos do Jacuí, Minas Gerais, then a captaincy (later province) of the Portuguese colony of Brazil.	0
Born in São Paulo, Brazil, Denílson is the second of four sons born to José Neves and Luciene Pereira.	0
2007 would be the year that Kevin Coyne at last began to garner some of the attention for his work.	0
The White House Looks South: Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman, Lyndon B. Johnson.	0
His second single, ‘You Need Me, I Don’t Need You’ was released on 28th August 2011, which hit number four on the UK Singles Chart.	1
In total, the Mariner 9 took 7,329 photos of Mars and stayed in orbit for 349 days.	1
Of the working population, 8.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 67.9% used a private car.	0
His favourite shark is a hammerhead!	1
Playing "Between the Hedges" and Sanford Stadium	0
Sheldrake says the book led him to view contemporary scientific understanding of life as a paradigm, which he called "the mechanistic theory of life".	0
Nike heavily supports the University of Oregon and their sports teams, providing them with exclusive apparel and funding.	1
The church of St. Martin, dating from the sixteenth century.	0
1876 - Eduardo Camet, Argentine fencer (d. 1931)	0
The route of the road is Helsinki – Lahti – Heinola – Jyväskylä – Äänekoski – Oulu - Kemi – Rovaniemi – Sodankylä – Ivalo – Inari – Utsjoki.	0
Pikachu’s are mainly found in forests.	1
People: And our mouth shall shew forth thy praise.	0
File:Angel station northbound look south.JPG|Northbound platform looking south	0
As they performed in various venues around Mexico City, they were discovered by Argentinian music producer Gustavo Santaolalla, who at the time was producing albums for leading bands of the burgeoning Rock en Español movement of the time.	0
Leopards are renowned for their great strength and can haul a carcass greater than their own weight up the trunk of a tree.	1
The phrase "blowing a raspberry" originates from Cockney rhyming slang "raspberry tart" which means "fart".	1
Became 26th player to hit 100 home runs for club on April 14, 2005	0
In July 2006, SGI announced an SGI Altix 4700 system with 1,024 processors and 4 TB of memory running a single Linux system image.	0
The oldest webcam stream online today is The San Francisco FogCam, and has been operational since 1994.	1
A one-shot special tentatively titled Spider-Man/Venom/Morbius by Morbius writer Len Kaminski was scheduled for 1993, but never saw print due to the writer's departure from the series out of disgust with Morbius penciler Ron Wagner.	0
Black panther, a black variant of leopard, jaguar or cougar	0
He was the student of and eldest son of the master sculptor Unkei.	0
"Genomic Ancestry of the American Puma".	0
Actually, the population of the high-radiation districts is small (about 1800 inhabitants) and only receive an average of 10 millisieverts per year, so that cancer epidemiology data are too imprecise to draw any conclusions.	0
He went to Alexandria to pick up the mission led by Jean-François Champollion, which had completed three years of exploration and studies in the Nile Valley.	0
Henschel submitted their design for RLM approval in April/May 1944, by which point they had already started wind tunnel testing the basic layout.	0
Freddie Mercury has an asteroid named after him.	1
Trump dismissed concerns that he lacked experience with historic buildings, pointing to his redevelopment of Grand Central Terminal in New York City and the Mar-A-Lago Club in Palm Beach, Florida.	0
In 1464, settlement called Dobra is mentioned where Gajdobra is today.	0
However, unless there is a strong element of political control or territoriality associated with such groups these too tend to disintegrate upon closer inspection as soon as essentially exogamous practices such as hypergamy are taken into account.	0
The center of a comet is called a nucleus.	1
In the first season, he showed that he may have a crush on Squeeze because he encouraged her and sometimes smiled at her.	0
"Groaking" is a word for staring at someone while they are eating in the hopes that they will give you some of their food.	1
Ronald Coase argues that all social costs are reciprocal in nature, so, once the tax is set, it must not be changed.	0
After (his) two arms are ened to his breast, one wraps the Book of Breathings, which is with writing both inside and outside of it, with royal linen, it being placed (at) his left arm near his heart, this having been done at his wrapping and outside it.	0
Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.	1
The Mavericks then went on to drop their next seven games, causing serious concern as to who would lead the offense in Nowitzki's absence.	0
The most dangerous asteroids, those capable of causing major regional or global disasters, usually impact the earth only once every 100,000 years on average!	1
He died in 1998 in his apartment in California at age 64.	0
He then moved to Turin, where he worked for the Einaudi publishing house.	0
Video games can train people to make faster real-life decisions that are just as accurate as well-thought-out decisions.	1
After Napoleon's defeat and the Congress of Vienna, Eschert was assigned to the Canton of Bern in 1815.	0
Both oratorios were thought lost until 1980 when a copy of a manuscript of "Joseph" was found in London's Royal Academy of Music.	0
In ancient Greece, people liked to look after their pets, and dogs were armed with spiked collars which protected them from wolves and other wild animals.	1
It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Kirchberg, whose seat is in the like-named town.	0
Purportedly, the subject of these conversations included Barnave and the rest of the Feuillants’ fervent belief that a constitutional monarchy was the most viable solution for ending the revolution with a minimum of further bloodshed.	0
Despite his job as an assassin-for-hire, he is more often seen rescuing or protecting people rather than committing to his assignments.	0
The release also contains cast interviews and behind-the-scenes information on a variety of aspects.	0
Melissa had a small, 6 episode, recurring role in HBO’s big vamp-hit show True Blood as the character Summer, a girl who had a short fling with Hoyt.	1
She also signed an exclusive recording contract with Deutsche Grammophon in 2008.	0
It is near to Niger's capital city Niamey.	0
The magician believes that thematically linked items can influence one another by virtue of their similarity.	0
In December 1908, he became head of General Staff and, in March 1909, Minister of War.	0
There were 5,353 households out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families.	0
When crossed with Angus bulls, the results are "black gold".	1
Structurally the 22 kDa and 19 kDa zeins are composed of nine adjacent, topologically antiparallel helices clustered within a distorted cylinder.	0
Mbwana Aly Samatta (born 7 January 1992 or 13 December 1992) is Tanzanian footballer.	0
Henry also snapped Ian Thorpe's 5-year streak of receiving the award.	0
It is much smaller than other gerbils sometimes kept as pets.	0
New Zealand has started to issue permits for manned jet pack flights.	1
Franklin D. Roosevelt, James Joyce, Virginia Woolf, Bela Lugosi and Igor Stravinsky were all born in the same year: 1882.	1
Fifth Harmony fans call themselves ‘Harmonizers’.	1
Southern RockiesColorado River cutthroat trout(Cope, 1872)Native to tributaries of the Green and Colorado Rivers.Rio Grande cutthroat trout	0
He is a famous liberation theologian and the founder of the primitivist art community in the Solentiname Islands, where he lived for more than ten years (1965–1977).	0
Jaymi can turn his feet 180 degrees backwards.	1
Tyler’s world starts to turn upside down, as his Grandparents lose their fortune, his mother becomes a KittyWhip salesperson, and his relationship with Anna-Louise enters a rough patch.	0
The longer tank gun has been retrofitted into the Leopard 2, creating a model known as the Leopard 2A6.	0
According to the chronicles of that time, on 24 April 1583 a painting of Pietà cried blood tears, event subsequently recognized as a miracle by the Catholic Church.	0
Currently, the first three records in a search are provided for free without a subscription.	0
Every night, Shawn likes to play Boom Beach on his iPad!	1
After 1605 the residents of Szentgotthárd had no church for seventy years and the believers had to go to nearby Rábakéthely for church services.	0
The gold, he declares, is long gone, having been cast into the Rhine after Sigurd's death.	0
Chippenham has a small cinema, the Reel Astoria, on the A420 Marshfield Road, to the west of the town centre.	0
At times, Saturn can be the 3rd brightest planet in night sky.	1
Malta’s official language is Maltese; however the majority of the population also speaks English.	1
The Canton of Yvetot comprises 12 communes with a total of 19,310 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).	0
She supports the Labour Party, but in 2011, she supported lower taxes for higher earners, contrary to the views of the political party.	1
National cultures, religions, and languages were not merely tolerated but, in areas with Muslim populations, encouraged.	0
A five year commercial field scale trial has been launched at SAC Bush to qualify the Charolais' role as a suckler cow.	1
Mars has two moons: Phobos and Deimos!	1
Industrial bunkers are also built for control rooms of dangerous activities, e.g.	0
The building is suite-style - each suite contains a common kitchen, common living room, two shared bathrooms and 4-5 bedrooms.	0
After the match, Luger put a Torture Rack on Rodman and then one on Savage.	0
Cubs live with their mothers for about two years.	0
The population density of mountain lions can range from 1 per 85 km2 to as high as 1 per 13 km2, depending on the abundance of available resources, such as prey.	0
On May 7, he recorded his second career no-hitter against the Toronto Blue Jays, throwing four strikeouts, walking one batter and throwing at a maximum speed of on the radar gun.	0
The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) first1 = Chris .	0
Diamonds are the hardest substance known to man	1
Ramps grow in close groups strongly rooted just beneath the surface of the soil.	1
2011 South American Championship &mdash; 4th place	0
Females bear litters of up to seven pups, each measuring across and long.	0
As of September 2016, the Giant Panda was downgraded from “endangered” to “vulnerable” on the Global List of Species at Risk of Extinction.	1
It’s a well-known fact that cats are very fussy creatures, and if your pet doesn’t always drink water from its water bowl, it may not like the shape of the bowl!	1
Buddha refers to Sakyamuni, Dharma refers to the teachings of Sakyamuni and the Sangha are monks who follow Dharma.	1
Although Haunter is now a dual-type Ghost and Poison Pokémon, it was originally just a Ghost type Pokémon in the first Generation of games when all Pokémon were only single-type Pokémon.	1
Tom Kristensen (born 1967), racing driver	0
Henry received 448,143 votes (43.27%) to Largent's 441,277 votes (42.61%).	0
These giants were called Nephilim, and “they were the heroes of old, men of renown.” Bonus fact: Goliath was a Nephilim.	1
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia), the initial village is partitioned, the northern area is part of the Kaliningrad Oblast and uninhabited.	0
Prominently white patch runs between these two colours, from belly and tail, flanking the neck to the sides of crown.	0
Sevilla's fan clubs are mainly concentrated in the city of Seville, its province and the rest of Andalusia.	0
Native Americans knew ramps well.	1
Saltando – jumpy, fast, and short	0
Nijinsky as the faun was thrilling.	0
This information was transferred to more modern maps.	0
Her father is also a music teacher and Meghan attributes her talent to having grown up in a musical family.	1
Batman Returns (TV Asahi edition) (Batman)	0
While the album was released, Zappa was unable to raise the $5 million budget in order to produce the play, and shelved the project.	0
He then returned to the Kings in July 1997 as a free agent.	0
1964-Basketball at the 1964 Summer OlympicsJapan	0
The matter was settled by the FFA enacting a one-game ban on Berisha.	0
An unnamed long-legged harvestman was reported from the Early Cretaceous of Koonwarra, Victoria, Australia, which may be a Eupnoi.	0
The Lady later goes on to defuse the situation between Tialys and Iorek Byrnison, when it revealed that the spies have been double-crossing the children.	0
The first is known as Cuicuilco A, where the ceremonial center is located.	0
Resolution 986, proceeds from the sale would be used for humanitarian purposes.	0
Nash is very interested in travelling the world; he finds other cultures interesting and wants to meet his fans all over the world.	1
You give them to the government, and the government then gives you some milk.	0
University of Modena and Reggio Emilia	0
Nothing Is Sound, was released on September 13, 2005, and with Shirley's inclusion saw Switchfoot's sound become even more densely layered and guitar-heavy, resulting in an album that was edgier and darker than any of their previous work.	0
She once dated actor Kevin Zegers.	1
Zeno of Elea (c. 490 – c. 430 BC), philosopher, follower of Parmenides, famed for his paradoxes	0
In 1885, he met the French novelist Joséphin Péladan the future grandmaster of the Rosicrucian "Ordre de la Rose + Croix".	0
bar:1861 at:558 fontsize:XS text: 558 shift:(-8,5)	0
When water freezes, it expands by 10%!	1
Several other Xavier Institute students who were never identified were part of this substitute X-Men squad.	0
However, Angel was cancelled by The WB the year after Buffy ended its run on UPN.	0
Meanwhile, "Louis, by numberless little attentions, testified his growing affection for Adeline, who continued to treat them as passing civilities.	0
In 2000, graffiti artist Temper was hired by Sprite to create a limited edition design in celebration of the millennium that appeared on 100 million cans distributed across Europe.	1
Inside the US, the Cox Report stated that China had been stealing various top US military secrets.	0
In fact, Michael Hudson claims that in the United States, only about a quarter of workers' gross wages are spent on actual goods and services.	0
This method of cooling can remove large amounts of heat from the milk in a very short time, thus drastically slowing bacteria growth and thereby improving milk quality.	0
The unit had withdrawn from Lappland into Norway as German fortunes in the Arctic waned, and surrendered to the British at the end of the war.	0
In 1642 he joined the Parliamentarian army, and served as quartermaster under John Lambert until 1650.	0
It was named after the Wyoming Valley in Pennsylvania.	0
For each tier of questions answered correctly, the contestant wins the corresponding amount of money.	0
While most people think of Neil Patrick Harris as an actor, he is also a writer, producer, comedian, singer, and even amateur magician!	1
Annually, the production of cinnamon is a staggering 27,500 to 35,000 tons!	1
Former drummer for Eric Burdon, James Leslie Binks was a drummer on the 1974 Roger Glover album The Butterfly Ball and the Grasshopper&apos;s Feast, which featured such legendary names as David Coverdale, Glenn Hughes, and Ronnie James Dio behind the microphone.	0
The product belongs to the category of “artificial cements” that were developed to compete with Parker’s Roman cement, and was similar to that developed much earlier by James Frost.	0
Just weeks after Starbucks formed its own record label, Hear Music, it was able to draw Paul McCartney over to signing with them in 2007.	1
28th October is National Chocolate Day.	1
He has one brother called Lewis.	1
In 1948, the track was removed and stands behind each goal were built.	0
A planned British air attack at the end of January by four-engined heavy bombers was disrupted by poor weather over the target, which prevented the aircraft from finding the ship.	0
It is the potassium salt of propanoic acid.	0
The Oxford Dictionary decided that the word “d’oh” should be added, and it entered the most popular dictionary in 2001.	1
Months that begin on a Sunday always have a Friday the 13th in them.	1
The sloth is the world’s slowest mammal, so lazy that algae grow on its furry coat!	1
In 2012, he appeared in Australian TV drama series, as Bandidos Vice President Mario 'Chopper' Cianter, and also appeared in Play School.	0
Almonds are members of the peach family	1
His full name is Carter McCoy Reynolds.	1
The electricity needed to mine Bitcoins in 2017 was more than the entire country of Ireland used.	1
He took guitar lessons from blues rock guitarist Matt Jagger at Stacy's Music store in Charlottesville and Mark Ebert from Laurinburg, North Carolina.	0
Metamorpho questioned Sapphire Stagg about her loving who he was in the outside where she admitted she didn't feel the same anymore.	0
The show has won multiple Tony Awards, including ‘Best Book of a Musical’.	1
Their habit of swooping to pick up dead rodents or other roadkill leads to collisions with vehicles.	0
Critics often compared the gameplay to the popular Animal Crossing franchise.	0
Gmina Bobrowniki is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	0
In 2009, the commune had 960 inhabitants.	0
It is one of four species of small predominantly white-plumaged raptors in the genus Elanus.	0
Louis Martin (weightlifter) (born 1936), British Olympic weightlifter	0
He features prominently in The Ring of Solomon and is the only historical magician other than Ptolemy who appears in the series.	0
Eventually the town became covered with drift sand from the sea.	0
Cats spend 66% of their life asleep	1
Where the valley of the Danube leads out of town to the east, the altitude is 2162 feet.	0
Tecplot Focus is plotting software designed for measured field data, performance plotting of test data, mathematical analysis, and general engineering plotting.	0
Named to the OHL Second All-Star Team in 2005.	0
Carmen Küng began her senior elite career as the Third for 2002 Olympic Silver medalist Luzia Ebnöther during the 2006–2007 season.	0
would be served for hotel guests waiting for connecting trains and train passengers who were waiting for the Steam engines to be re-fuelled and passengers to clear Customs.	0
Disney threatened legal action if three daycare centers didn’t remove artwork of Donald, Mickey and Goofy in 1989.	1
Pregnancy lasts an average of 280 to 285 days or a little less than 9 and one half months.	0
Unlike previously strong European nations, the United States did not have to repair infrastructure or fix towns that had been bombarded throughout the war.	0
His careful dissections and observations of dogs, pigs, and barbary apes, his descriptions (based on these and the works of earlier authors) of such structures as the nervous system, heart and kidneys and his demonstrations that, for instance, arteries carry blood instead of air became a central part of medical knowledge for well over a thousand years.	0
The novel was preceded by Carmilla by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu in 1872.	1
People can get paid around $9,000 per month by NASA to lie in bed for every minute of the day for up to 70 days; they then monitor these volunteers to perfect methods for astronauts into space.	1
Although Prime Minister Stephen Harper initially dismissed this as irrelevant, he later accepted Bernier's resignation when it was revealed that Bernier had left classified and sensitive briefing notes for an upcoming NATO meeting at Couillard's house after having broken off the relationship.	0
Slowpoke was originally going to be called “Slowmo”.	1
star in campo per sto robare,	0
): To the Lexicon and Beyond: Sociolinguistics in European Deaf Communities.	0
Resch was in goal as the Islanders erased 3–0 deficits to both the Pittsburgh Penguins and Philadelphia Flyers.	0
Activity centres can vary greatly in size from the central districts of large cities to regional commercial areas to neighbourhood shopping centres and strips.	0
Brazil is named after a tree	1
The area has since become a tourist destination popular for yachting, with marinas at Port Haliguen, Le Crouesty and La Trinité-sur-Mer.	0
His song "Chou Nan Ren" (Jerk) was the opening theme for the Taiwanese drama, Devil Beside You.	0
She was almost fifty years old at this time and nothing remained to connect her to France.	0
Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.	1
Relativity: An Introduction to the Special Theory.	0
On 16 October the British secured the Lys crossings and late in the afternoon German attacks began further north at Dixmude.	0
Cardi B’s musical debut was in 2015 when she appeared on singer Shaggy’s remix to his single “Boom Boom.”	1
Three additional Atlas D squadrons, two near F.E.	0
Plus, participants in a Social Network create new kinds of data that did not exist on the web before, such as their Likes for other people's comments and content.	0
The commercial success of Strange Days was middling, peaking at number three on the Billboard album chart but quickly dropping, along with a series of underperforming singles.	0
Boston Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, MA	0
Dallas and Miami exchanged their sixth-round selections in a trade with Jason Ferguson going to the Dolphins as part of the deal.	0
In 1893, Sir Mortimer Durand was deputed to Kabul by the government of British India for the purpose of settling an exchange of territory required by the demarcation of the boundary between northeastern Afghanistan and the Russian possessions, and in order to discuss with the Amir Abdur Rahman Khan other pending questions.	0
Jupiter is the 5th planet from the Sun.	1
They also become hyperchromatic due to an increase of DNA in the nucleus of the cells.	0
Crash Test Dummies' "Superman&apos;s Song", from the 1991 album The Ghosts That Haunt Me explores the isolation and commitment inherent in Superman's life.	0
Chewbacca spoke Shyriiwook, which is the main Wookiee language.	1
Medcenter One was founded in 1908 as Bismarck Evangelical Hospital, was renamed in 1955 to Bismarck Hospital, renamed again in 1984 to MedCenter One, and in 2012 became part of the Sanford Health system.	0
Another durable reminder of the American connection is the ubiquitous Landour Community Cookbook (1st formal edition: 1938; informal stencil copies since ca.	0
Alternatively, the Snow Leopard Installation DVD can be booted on a supported Mac, then installed on an unsupported Mac via the Firewire Target Disk Mode.	0
Now closed, there is a campaign to have it re-opened (www.harboroughcinema.com).	0
The lemur, if threatened, attacks with its short nails.	1
Fifteen minutes of laughing a day can make you lose weight.	1
80% of burglaries are committed by people aged 13-21	1
Fifty Shades of Grey is an erotic romance novel.	1
One of Ashton’s favourite TV shows is Family Guy and favourite movie is Pursuit of Happiness.	1
Some of the Viking runes are just forms of graffiti, such as “Tholfir Kolbeinsson carved these runes high up.”	1
For fifty-four years until his own death, Smith presided over the church.	0
When David Bowie died his ashes were scattered in Bali in accordance with Buddhist ritual.	1
The Battle took place at one of the nearby Hills of Boston on June 17, 1775.	1
July 23,2013, the first entertainment and supermarket were opened.	0
La Mousmé1888National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. (F431)	0
Following his retirement from the 500 cc championship, Gardner turned his interests to four-wheeled motorsport.	0
They drove towards the river by the Field of Mars, where the truck stalled.	0
The matches took place in six different cities.	0
The streams converge near Neelin, Manitoba and flow initially northeast, then southeast along the west side of the Pembina Hills into Cavalier County in northeastern North Dakota.	0
In St-Hyacinthe in 2003 after his last short battle with a secretly kept illness, Colonel (retired) Jean André Berthiaume was laid to rest in St-Hyacinthe, with full military honours.	0
Shatterpoint is a science fiction novel by Matthew Stover (read by Jonathan Davis in the audiobook version) set in the Star Wars universe.	0
On 17 June 1893 alluvial gold was found near Mount Charlotte, less than 25 miles (40 km) from Coolgardie, at what became the town of Hannan	1
In the episode A Thing About Rats, the Shredder uses a kind of transport elevator which extends, but remains connected to, the Technodrome.	0
Felix da Housecat, Johan Gielen, Mauro Picotto, Marco V, Roog, Mousse T, Tiefschwarz, Tom Novy, Sven Väth, Anne Savage, Eddie Halliwell, Judge Jules, Armin van Buuren, Cosmic Gate, Ferry Corsten, Marcel Woods, Rank 1, Dumonde, Yves de Ruyter, Kai Tracid, Marnix	0
That became the official colour scheme from then on.	0
Thomas Tusser first introduced the turkey to the Christmas fare in 1573.	1
Rural metro-adjacent regions are predominantly rural census divisions which are adjacent to metropolitan centres while rural non-metro-adjacent regions are those predominantly rural census divisions which are not adjacent to metropolitan centres.	0
In a letter, they terminated his membership, confiscated all existing miles and awards in his account, and banned him for life.	0
Dinah Jane has an unusual domestic situation where she shares a house with over 20 of her family members.	1
Orange was a symbol of glory and fruits of the earth in early Christian church and was also known as the wisdom ray.	1
Michael Clifford finds it scarier to perform in front of smaller crowd than huge crowds.	1
Little Richard – "Rip It Up"	0
In 1931, with the rise of the Nazi party, and the threat it posed—Oswald was after all Jewish—she was forced to emigrate to Paris where she forged a unique new style of French singing incorporating the techniques of German expressionism.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	0
A male cougar living in the Cascade Mountains kills a deer or elk every 9 to 12 days.	1
File:Ernst Deutsch-Dryden - Die Suffragette.jpg |Die Suffragette	0
Kunal began acting in musicals and plays at a very young age.	1
The wettest month was December during which time La Brévine received an average of of rain or snow.	0
The CVCC badges were deleted, but the CVCC induction system remained.	0
His official Instagram profile is ashtonirwin.	1
Biological quality (fish, benthic invertebrates, aquatic flora)	0
A joint committee of the Imperial War Museum, the National Maritime Museum and the Ministry of Defence was established, and reported in June 1968 that preservation was practical.	0
On December 20, 2004, Vissi released a live album and DVD, which went platinum in its first week of release.	0
Louis was born on Christmas Eve in 1991.	1
Feller later assessed his first few years in the majors: "I relied on the catcher too much.	0
In 1977, a movie Operation Stadium was made to commemorate the segregation incident.	0
The White Wagtail (Motacilla alba) is a small passerine bird in the wagtail family Motacillidae, which also includes the pipits and longclaws.	0
Dock Boggs Oldtime Music Festival held the second weekend in September at the Country Cabin in Norton, Virginia	0
The hide from one cow can make 144 baseballs, 20 footballs, and or 12 basketballs by-products.	1
Before she married Bill Clinton, she tried to join the Marines, but she was rejected on the ground she was too old, had poor eyesight and was a woman.	1
Ziggy Marley, Bob Marley’s son, wrote the theme song for the popular children’s cartoon, Arthur, when he was 26.	1
Private dwellings, excluding seasonal cottages: 79 (total: 92)	0
The player may refuse to choose any, in which case Jay's special weapon would be a dagger.	0
Despite being only able to reach 49 inches in height, lotus flowers can spread 10 feet horizontally.	1
They may be carrion beetles or sweat bees.	0
Notre Dame, one of Paris' oldest edifices, was almost demolished in the 19th century and was only saved by Victor Hugo, who planted it back in the public's hearts and consciousness through his novel.	1
The first soup was made from hippopotamus and dates back to 6000 B.C.	1
Over his high school varsity career, he scored 1,290 points and grabbed 910 rebounds.	0
The only continent they are not found on is Antarctica.	0
Justin likes French, English and Australian accents.	1
Before Walkers owned Wotsits, they sold a rival known as Cheetos on the UK market.	1
But she proved false to me which caused me much pain.	0
1963 - The Servant - Douglas Slocombe	0
The coconut tree is botanically named Cocus Nucifera and they can grow up to 82 feet (25 meters) high.	1
White cats with blue eyes are usually deaf!	1
“Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” was written by the English poet Jane Taylor at the ripe old age of 23.	1
Malik, in Al-Muwatta (Book 17, Number 17.24.45), protests the practice of summarily appropriating livestock from dhimmis; he states that livestock should only be taken as jizya.	0
The most commonly forgotten item for travelers is their toothbrush	1
C 8 H 4 N 2 S 2bitoscanate4044-65-9	0
Subsidiary Bodies (overseeing administrative and scientific functions to facilitate the work of the Platform)	0
Before becoming a movie star, Harrison Ford was a master carpenter – a craft he still does as a hobby.	1
In Iceland the day is known as Sprengidagur, which translates to Bursting Day, it is celebrated by eating salted meat and peas!	1
Donkey Kong’s movements are based on those of a horse, not a Gorilla as the developers thought the Gorillas moves weren’t up to scratch.	1
Whales live in families, known as pods.	1
A long-delay time bomb was planted in the hotel by Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) member Patrick Magee, with the purpose of killing Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet, who were staying at the hotel for the Conservative Party conference.	0
On 10 February 2007, a twin-engine light aircraft flying from London to Cannes disappeared in a snowstorm over le Grand Veymont, crashing into the mountainside and killing all three people aboard.	0
It has the characteristics of portable laptops: long battery life, small screen size, rather thin and light.	0
Having been restored once more, again under Hardwick's supervision, the church was reconsecrated, on 1 August 1798.	0
The Sun of June forever will shine	0
Because of low rainfall, these soils have limited agricultural potential, except in some areas where rainfall is sufficient for the growth of natural forage at certain times of the year.	0
"Uruguay: The Iberian heritage in architecture and urban planning" ("Uruguay: la herencia ibérica en arquitectura y urbanismo").	0
The fear of Hearst, he felt, was still alive.	0
Despite being born in New York, he grew up in North Carolina and has spent most of his life there.	1
Muk is tied with Mew for the shortest English name out of all Pokémon.	1
Industry realized that the Army urgently desired production of essential war materials and foodstuffs more than soldiers.	0
The honjins eleventh manager, Katō Isotari (加藤磯足), was a student of the famed scholar Motoori Norinaga.	0
The late 19th century saw a significant increase in population, when Reinickendorf received direct access to Berlin with the opening of the Nordbahn railway line to Neustrelitz in 1877.	0
It was operated by switches on the instrument panel or a key switch on the rear quarter panel.	0
The ships' engines were rated at top speed of for the first three ships and for the last two vessels.	0
"La Villa Strangiato" – 10:05 (Including a stream of consciousness rant by Alex Lifeson and interpolating "The Girl from Ipanema")	0
It is believed that peas that are boiled with onions, and spiced with cinnamon, is a powerful aphrodisiac.	1
David Murdoch (born 17 April 1978) is a Scottish curler from Lockerbie.	0
Deep snow can sometimes appear blue in color because the extra layers of snow create a filter for light.	1
The sucking sound effect used for Maggie from the Simpsons was recorded by the show's creator Matt Groening.	1
His political legacy is not much better.	0
It's actually 109.9 decibels	1
A 1/4 of your bones are in your feet	1
A 2,000-page police report into the shooting was released in April 2008.	0
He was the first and only non-noble to serve as Minister-President in the Austrian half of the Habsburg monarchy.	0
Kwanten was contracted to play ladies man Jason Stackhouse in the HBO show, True Blood.	1
The ostrich has two toes on each foot which gives it greater speed.	1
Khodorkovsky's supporters point out that the charges come just months before Khodorkovsky and Lebedev were to become eligible for parole, as well as a year before the next Russian presidential election.	0
JLS have released their own documentary film titled JLS: Eyes Wide Open 3D, this makes them the first British music act ever to release a 3D film.	1
The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 87 of which 20 or (23.0%) were in manufacturing, 21 or (24.1%) were in mining and 45 (51.7%) were in construction.	0
An Echidna has a four-headed penis.	1
Davis and many other Southerners opposed the bill.	0
John A. Zoidberg is a Decapodian alien who practises medicine.	1
There is a time capsule that was buried at Sleeping Beauty’s castle in 1995 for the 40th anniversary, which will be opened 50 years later in 2045.	1
These have been named glycophorin A, B, C, and D in order of the quantity present in the membrane, gylycophorin A being the most and glycophorin D the least common.	0
The distribution map gives only an approximation of the Paralysis Tick's distribution as the situation is not static.	0
Zahl also said tried the water inside and said it was cooler than the water in his canteen.	0
However, WOR was a shareholder in the Mutual Radio Network, which had plans to enter television with WOIC and WOR-TV as the flagship stations of its network; these plans never came to fruition.	0
His father, Pete, was a Latin percussionist and his mother, Bernadette (Bernie), was a singer.	1
2008-09 Liga Indonesia Premier Division Quarter Finals and Final	0
It has also sponsored Williams Grand Prix team in 1993 Formula One championship.	1
To Go: The Occult Roadtrip Campaign	0
In the U.S., the term “Black Friday” sometimes refers to the day after Thanksgiving, which is traditionally the first day of the Christmas shopping season.	1
The antlers grow back each year under a fur called ‘velvet’.	1
Marika Humphreys / Justin Lanning 32.016161616	0
Jaime I's restoration also continued with the House's relations with the King, Jaime I having becoming a favourite of King Manuel I and even once his temporary heir.	0
F: Laura Brooker, Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks	0
University of the Philippines Manila Chorale	0
The documents of the 15th century in Titel provost and the Bánffy family owned estate is mentioned in the Erdődy, dated 1552 and 1687 between the Turkish occupations.	0
Google’s first computer storage used a Lego case so that the storage capacity could be increased easily.	1
In 2008, she performed the song on the KylieX2008 tour, which was launched to promote her tenth studio album X.	0
His body, which had been standing stationary in front of Ise who noticed that the spell on Seinagi was not of a first year's level, suddenly runs in order to catch the falling head.	0
Peggy Rea as Lulu Coltrane Hogg	0
As social animals, wolves use different hunting techniques than the solitary cougar, but the two species prey on similar animals.	0
The cover was also changed, with an image of Blondie's Debbie Harry used in place of the images of Kraftwerk and a child wearing headphones that had previously been used in the EU and US respectively.	0
Female leopards give birth to a little of two or three cubs at a time.	1
(In the book, although she is mentioned several times before, she is only present for one chapter in the exact middle of the book.)	0
2006Bonnie 'Prince' BillyThe Letting GoProducer, Engineer, Mixing, Mastering	0
Vinzenz Kaiser,{born 1904-1945}, Knights Cross holder for extreme battlefield bravery	0
The government bordered to the north with the Kharkov Governorate and Poltava Governorate, to the west and southwest with the Kherson Governorate, to the south with the Taurida Governorate and Sea of Azov, and to the east with Don Host Oblast.	0
Their healthy traits help them to resist common bovine diseases, and common problems in cattle like bloat or ticks are rare in the Brangus cattle.	0
The logo on the Red Bull cans are not cattle, but a type of bovine called a “gaur”.	1
The carved wooden doors of both the north and the south portals are masterpieces respectively of Gothic and Renaissance workmanship.	0
, the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.	0
Rumey parachutes from his D.VII at 1,000 feet (305 meters) but falls to his death when his parachute fails.	0
The hardest substance in the human body is enamel	1
Polideportivos & Fitness CRC - (2011–2012)	0
Baby eagles of the larger species will weigh around 8-9 (3.5 – 4 kg) pounds after just a few days.	1
There were nine rejections letters for Twilight.	1
Department of Computer Science and Engineering	0
The Empire State building only took a littler over a year to build (410) days and it was 12 days ahead of schedule when completed.	1
She also sang songs written by Rabindranath Tagore and was a producer with her film company, Shrimati Pictures.	0
Honoré de Balzac's “Le Père Goriot” (1834) has been the inspiration for notable lines that have gain wide popularity in cinema history.	0
In 2014, Netflix spent $0 on marketing its DVD rental business, but over 6 million people still used it.	1
On 24 September 2007, Walker released And Who Shall Go to the Ball?	0
The authorities may attempt to lay hands on legitimately-sold errors, as happened with the original Inverted Jenny sheet, but usually collectors are smart enough to hang on to the windfall.	0
He is widowed, and a man of good repute in the area.	0
The latter proved a resilient and determined adversary.	0
In the pilot for Family Guy, Lois’s character was originally going to be blonde.	1
Max Factor, an early 20th-century makeup artist to Hollywood actors, coined the noun "makeup."	1
Brokenshire was aware that his constituency, Hornchurch, was to be dissolved for the next election.	0
Champion had no previous experience with the drums when he joined the band, now named Coldplay.	1
Uraga Dock Company was founded by Enomoto Takeaki in 1869.	0
The name example is reserved by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in RFC 2606 (June 1999) as a domain name that may not be installed as a top-level domain in the Domain Name System (DNS) of the Internet.	0
The world’s oldest dog lived to the grand old age of 29 years and 5 months.	1
In November 2009 he was appointed Chief Executive of Local Partnerships a position which he left very suddenly, without notice in August 2010.	0
Whereas the Short Message Service-Point to Point (SMS-PP) is a one-to-one and one-to-a-few service (requires multiple SMS messages, as each message can only carry one phone number), Cell Broadcast is a one-to-many geographically focused messaging service.	0
During the Second World War, German tank drivers would drive their vehicles over camel droppings, thinking it would bring them good luck.	1
A man who was hanged for his part in the Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot had his skin removed and it was used to bind a book that listed his offenses.	1
Educational Aspects and Socio-Cultural Music, Visual Arts and Physical Activity	0
In 1965, this required a redesign of the Hockenheimring.	0
The dream sequences are particularly intense.	0
She says she's 20, but he finds out she's 16 and married to an abusive husband.	0
Popson's father, John, died in September 2006 and in memory of his father, Popson performed a concert at Peabody's Down Under in Cleveland, Ohio on September 29, 2006.	0
Her first notable film role came in 2004, with the dark drama Lightning Bug which also starred Bret Harrison, Kevin Gage, and Ashley Laurence.	0
and becoming the eighth Tea Party-backed candidate to oust a GOP establishment candidate in a 2010 primary contest.	0
Carl Wenck: Die Wettiner im XIV.	0
Human food also includes vegetables, spices, and certain fruits, nuts, herbs, and edible flowers.	0
Attacks by terrorists or militia on important infrastructure are a possible problem for energy consumers, with a successful strike on a Middle East facility potentially causing global shortages.	0
Females give birth in a cave, crevice among boulders, hollow tree, or thicket to make a den.	0
A set-top box (STB) is used at the subscriber's home to allow the susbcriber to control viewing and order new video services such as "movies on demand".	0
Texas Longhorns offer numerous benefits: (1) reproductive	0
In 2011, James McVey – who was a solo act managed by Prestige Management – discovered Bradley Simpson through YouTube.	1
Venezia Mestre is one of Venice's two most important railway stations, the other one being Venezia Santa Lucia, a terminal station on the island of Venice.	0
As the dig progresses, haunted by bad luck and tragedy, Zuhuy-kak makes it clear that Elizabeth must sacrifice her daughter.	0
Canada accepts imports of cattle, beef or beef-based products only from counties that are considered to effectively control BSE.	0
In 1784, following the peace treaty that ended the American Revolutionary War, the name of Tryon County was changed to Montgomery County in honor of the general, Richard Montgomery, who had captured several places in Canada and died attempting to capture the city of Quebec, replacing the name of the hated British governor.	0
The tackler wraps his arms around the ball carrier's thighs and lifts him a short distance in the air before forcibly driving him to the ground.	0
Elise Biorn-Hansen was born in Oslo, Norway but moved to the United States while still an infant.	0
Your brain uses 25% of all the oxygen your breathe	1
It relies on an agreement among the filmmaker, subjects and audience to act as if the presence of the camera does not substantially alter the recorded event.	0
Nordsjælland ending the first half of the 2008-09 season close to relegation, the club opted to bring in experienced Serbian goalkeeper Nenad Novaković on a free transfer, taking over as first choice, Hansen being demoted back to the bench for the rest of the season.	0
Between February 2006 until its discontinuation in September 2009, the 98 B-Line travelled with regular traffic.	0
She later told Bert Corona that the experience "motivated her to work on behalf of unifying the Spanish-speaking communities."	0
In 2010, Daley won two gold medals for England at the Commonwealth Games.	1
The stranger asks Þórðr if he knows Hjalti Skeggjason and Þórðr tells him that they are related by marriage.	0
There are only four artists who have achieved a Top 40 hit every decade since the 1980s: U2, Michael Jackson, Madonna, and Weird Al Yankovic.	1
He was born on 26th February 1802, in Besançon, France.	1
The first aluminum drink can was introduced in 1964	1
Research indicated that food habits are discrete and practiced privately, and change occurs slowly.	0
Tom and Max have seen each other naked.	1
The man may insist on his "heartbeat girl" even if she had turned her light off.	0
Before the term “bloopers” was coined, ‘out-takes’ were called ‘boners’.	1
Relegated to 2001 Armenian First League.	0
They have much wider bandwidth and better sensitivity than a typical multifunction device.	0
List of municipalities and towns in Slovakia	0
In 1957, Nasser announced the formation of the National Union (Al-Ittihad Al-Qawmi), paving the way to July elections for the National Assembly, the first parliament since 1952.	0
The principal economic activity in the region is mining.	0
A hen has to eat about four pounds of feed to make one dozen eggs.	1
François Cevert drove and crashed the new Tyrrell 005 in practice.	0
Koalas are only 25 to 35 inches long, and weigh just 30 pounds or less!	1
The stadium is served by its own metro station along the Line 10 called Santiago Bernabéu.	0
In the original form, the dominant chord continued through the tenth bar; later on the V-IV-I-I "shuffle blues" pattern became standard in the third set of four bars:	0
In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was a symbolic declaration of love, and to catch it was to show acceptance of that love.	1
"...my father's individualism and pagan ethical standards were in complete contrast to the rigidly moral conventionalism of my mother's teaching.	0
The "Nokia" brand name will continue to be used under Microsoft ownership.	0
Santa tierra is Spanish for "blessed ground"), a tradition dating from the time of the Spanish conquest.	0
The coconut palm is actually the national tree of The Maldives	1
On the outbreak of war in September 1939, the Government of Southern Rhodesia made an offer to the British Air Ministry to run a flying school and train personnel to man three squadrons (44, 237 and 266 (Rhodesia) Squadrons), which was duly accepted.	0
Keegan Connor Tracy as Dolly Dupuyster	0
Zakrzew, Sieradz County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)	0
The Open Water award was introduced in 2005, when it was announced that an open water swimming event would be included in the Olympics for the first time: the 10 km events at the 2008 Olympics.	0
"I Can&apos;t Go For That (No Can Do)" by Hall &amp; Oates	0
In the tenth season premiere, Horatio begins to have hallucinations of Marisol, his late wife, saying she is glad to see him but he needs to go back.	0
In Meng Guozhanbi ji Meng Mao gudai zhuwang shi .	0
What was Eureka?On Sunday, 3 December, 1854, military and police attacked a rude stockade erected by disgruntled miners on the Eureka Lead at Ballarat.	0
The retroflex flap is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages.	0
The 19th century telegram was commonly used to find dates and has been nicknamed “the Victorian internet”.	1
His Tomb of Richelieu (church of the Sorbonne) was saved from destruction by Alexandre Lenoir, who received a bayonet thrust in protecting the head of the cardinal from mutilation.	0
Honda's 1992 CRX del Sol was marketed as a CR-X in some markets.	0
As the host of the 1992 European Championship, Sweden played in their first European Championship tournament.	0
The first host was Dieter Thomas Heck, who presented once a month on Saturday at half past seven.	0
Cuyahoga Falls was formed in 1812	0
1935 - David Lodge, English author and critic	0
Japanese people don�t have middle names	1
Unsurprisingly, there is no defined breeding season for either sex, as this shark inhabits depths at which there is little to no seasonal influence.	0
He adds, "For all its melodic shortcomings, the Concert Fantasia has some engaging qualities and a structural freshness which should win it the occasional hearing".	0
In 2004, Blunt delivered her breakout performance as Tamsin in the dark British film, My Summer of Love, a story of deception and lesbian love in the English countryside.	0
Use of cinnamon sticks can actually lead to mouth ulcers and gum swelling, which makes me question its antiseptic properties for dentists.	1
A single installation may use multiple installation identifiers.	0
Saint Lucia is just over 238 square miles – 27 miles long and 14 miles wide.	1
Alexander Hamilton was shot and mortally wounded by Aaron Burr on the same spot that his son had been killed 3 years before, and by the same set of pistols.	1
For the transition metals, crystal field theory allows one to understand the magnetism of many simple complexes, such as why ] has only one unpaired electron, whereas 3+ has five.	0
Cadbury World is on the site of the Cadbury factory established by Richard and George Cadbury in 1879.	1
Punk rock was born at a cinema matinee in Peru in the 1960s.	1
The zhuza ( ; or drutsa) style is a variant of umê but with ujain vowel symbol.	0
It is predominant in the Indian subcontinent including India, Bangladesh, and Myanmar; but also very common in other south-east Asian countries like Bali, Indonesia, Malaysia etc.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	1
Monday is commonly considered “suicide day,” being the day of the week where the most people take their own lives.	1
For more on APEC strategic reserves:	0
File:Piazza della Cisterna 2013.jpg|Piazza della Cisterna	0
The last ship of the class, Nürnberg, was laid down as Ersatz at the Howaldtswerke shipyard in Kiel in 1915.	0
He gets badly beaten by Tank Abbott, and Monica ends it with him after he refuses to quit.	0
The Predators won their first-round playoff, but lost their second-round series, meaning the Senators received a third-round pick.	0
The divisional artillery consisted at this time of 24 towed 105 mm LeFH (Light field howitzers).	0
7 in D minor and the F minor Piano Trio.	0
He was inspired to write by his father’s old copy of H. P. Lovecraft’s The Lurker in the Shadows.	1
The male Red Platty is much brighter in color and smaller than the female of the species.	1
Olivier had himself served as a pilot in the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm during World War II.	0
Thus, it is possible to alter another brand of xD card to present itself as Olympus xD card by accessing the raw flash memory.	0
California and Arizona produce 95% of the entire lemon crop.	1
In 1987, the Indian cricket Fielder Sachin Tendulkar crossed the field to play for Pakistan when the team was short of players.	1
The Dargonesti (October 1995), by Paul B. Thompson and Tonya C. Cook, (ISBN 0-7869-0182-9)	0
Upon returning to civilian life, Mobley found that he had no savings from his extensive work as a child actor.	0
‘Just Take A pill’ was P!nk’s first UK No.1 Hit.	1
", which is the English version of "J&apos;en ai marre!".	0
Thus many instructions were, when needed, located in the next row of the drum to be read and additional wait time for drum rotation was not required.	0
PRO-IP Act – legislation introduced by John Conyers that would increase both civil and criminal penalties for trademark and copyright infringement and create a new executive branch office dedicated to enforcing intellectual property laws	0
The "Pirates" finished third in the Southern League in 1903–04, before winning the championship by a five-point margin in 1904–05.	0
The Broadway production received mostly positive reviews.	0
In December 2008, a snow blower accident made national headlines in the United States when Joe Sakic, the famous captain of the Colorado Avalanche hockey franchise of the National Hockey League, sustained three broken fingers and tendon damage when he attempted to clear the auger of his snowblower by hand.	0
La question de la femme Paris, 1904	0
Harlem Heat was a professional wrestling tag team made up of two real-life brothers, Booker and Lash Huffman, In early 1993 the Ebony Experience returned to action and started to chase Bad Breed (Axl and Ian Rotten) who had won the titles while Booker T recovered.	0
Genibo is a robotic dog produced by the Korean company Dasarobot of Dasatech.	0
The Wanted are a British-Irish boy band.	1
Peart Road, Peart Park, and the Peart Center, all of which are notable fixtures of Casa Grande, are named after him.	0
In August 2010, Kim young-min took office.	0
752 BC: Latins move into Italy	0
However, he eventually had his corner throw in the towel because he felt like he was having a heart attack, ending an exciting fight in anticlimactic fashion.	0
Dunker, a Pennsylvania German form of the German verb tunken, to dip, may refer to various Christian denominations related to the German Baptists or Schwarzenau Brethren:	0
Fibria, pulp and Paper and lumber	0
Sigismund expanded the Hofburg area through the acquisition of several houses on Hofgasse and various garden properties near the present-day cathedral.	0
After Ingres left Paris in 1834 to become director of the French Academy in Rome, Chassériau fell under the influence of Eugène Delacroix, whose brand of painterly colorism was anathema to Ingres.	0
The dried beef can be eaten dry or reconstituted in sauces.	0
Unlike the purposeful importations of many breeds, the path of the Ankole‑Watusi to the United States was indirect if not accidental.	0
A total of 743 students from the municipality attended any school, either in the municipality or outside of it.	0
Josephine Wiggs – vocals, bass, Spanish guitar (on "Metal Man")	0
In Mortal Kombat 2011, however, she has Baraka-like yellow eyes with slit pupils (her eyes are also sometimes seen as glowing whole), except of her alternate Ultimate MK3 style costume (available through pre-order bonuses and later in a DLC package) in which she has human eyes once again.	0
The Western Institute of Technology at Taranaki has its main campus in central New Plymouth.	0
, there were 274 workers who commuted into the municipality and 899 workers who commuted away.	0
Nieuwe Wetering is a town in the Dutch province of South Holland.	0
A newborn cub weighs 500–700 g (1.1–1.5 lb).	0
He is remembered as an honest, decent man who lacked the political skills of his predecessor, Ernest Manning, or of Lougheed.	0
Ongoing dissatisfaction at his management (along with the performance of the boardroom) from Sydney's core supporter group 'The Cove' culminated in protests with banners and chanting calling for his dismissal at their home game against Adelaide United on the 8th of February 2014.	0
As the MacLeans get ready to leave the Booker ranch, Robert tells Annie that he knew Annie was in love with Tom, and gently asks Annie to make her decision one way or another before going home.	0
Taking his immediate household and a small number of mercenaries, he left Normandy and landed in England, striking into Wiltshire.	0
The LDS church was founded on the 6th April, 1830 by Joseph Smith, who after praying to God to see which was the correct church to join, was told none were, and that he were to start his own church, and become a prophet of God.	1
Patassé joined the Central African civil service in 1959, shortly before independence.	0
It has been operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) since the 1950s.	0
Won13 November 2011Premio C. e F. AloisiCapannelle, RomeG31200 m61.0 kgFrankie Dettori1:08.402nd: Dagda Mor0.5	0
As well as doing fan meet-and-greets all over the USA with Magcon, he also took part in conventions in 2014 alongside the Grier Brothers – three Vine star siblings.	1
He struggles with issues of personal pride in the face of constant religious prejudice.	0
Johnson's role in the series was spoofed in a Bloom County comic strip for the Professor's technical expertise being unable to get the castaways off the island.	0
The building was constructed in part by several thousand Gulag inmates.	0
First appearing in Super Mario 64, the player must cause the Whomp to fall and make it vanish by stomping on its back, similar to the legend of tapping the lower corner of the nurikabe.	0
They are abundant on reefs in the Indo-Pacific region and the Red Sea.	0
Friedmann's Lark is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania, but its population and real range is very poorly known.	0
There are 2,598,960 possible hands in a 5 card poker game	1
Christian Barnard performed the first heart transplant in 1967 – the patient lived for 18 days!	1
Honeybee workers must visit 2 million flowers to make one pound of honey.	1
After breaking a curfew and being slapped by her mother, Linda moves out of her parents' house and marries Traynor.	0
Between the 10th and 11th centuries, two Royal Houses were founded in Zanskar, and the monasteries of Karsha and Phugtal (see picture) were built.	0
^ Block, Eric (2010).	0
Immediately after the trial, Despenser was dragged behind four horses to his place of execution, where a great fire was lit.	0
Aston has brown hair and eyes.	1
In November 2007, Google launched the Linux-based software system; Android OS.	1
Hurricane Ike made landfall on Galveston Island in the early morning of September 13, 2008 as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 110 miles per hour.	1
‘Yellow’, their signature track from Parachutes was 4th in the UK Top 40.	1
File:Todtnau, die Sankt Johannes der Täuferkirche positie2 foto3 2013-07-26 10.03.jpg|Todtnau, church: die Sankt Johannes der Täuferkirche	0
Calum likes a girl who is quiet, intelligent and has musical talents.	1
Â Leopards are widely spread over the sub-Saharan Africa and Asia.	0
The name ‘Adidas’ comes from the name of its founder Adolf (Adi) Dassler (Das)!	1
In 1986 he was involved, alongside other DUP leaders, in the launch of Ulster Resistance at the Ulster Hall, an event chaired by the DUP.	0
title=Plan de Sécurité Alimentaire Commune Rurale de Nafanga 2006-2008 .	0
The lack of this feature somewhat reduced the range of sounds possible on the OB-Xa.	0
He died at some point before 18 May 1302.	0
McAuliffe was born in Washington, D.C., on July 2, 1898.	0
There were 19 living men in Austria found to be direct descendants of Ötzi the Iceman in 2013 determined by blood testing.	1
Baseball players wear a stylized form of knickerbockers, although the pants have become less baggy in recent decades and some modern ballplayers opt to pull the trousers close to the ankles.	0
The African silverbill is currently trapped for the cage bird trade.	0
Documents from her own era and historians prior to the 20th century generally assume that she was both healthy and sane.	0
Young Mountain Lions stay with their mothers for about 15 months.	1
Cats seem like such sweet creatures, but approximately 40,000 people suffer from cat bites every single year in America.	1
It would take 29 million years for a car traveling 100 miles per hour to reach the nearest star.	1
Apparently the air in Mumbai is that polluted that 1 day’s breathing equates to 100 cigarettes being smoked.	1
Greater Berlin was divided into four sectors by the Allies under the London Protocol of 1944, one each for:	0
The species found here include Northern Pintail (Anas acuta), Northern Shoveler (Anas clypeata), Greater Flamingo (Phoenicopterus roseus), Lesser Flamingo (Phoeniconaias minor), Eurasian Spoonbill Platalea leucorodia, African Spoonbill Platalea alba, Great Egret (Casmerodius albus), Great White Pelican Pelecanus onocrotalus, Arabian Bustard Ardeotis arabs, Pied Avocet Recurvirostra avosetta, Slender-billed Gull Larus genei, Caspian Tern Sterna caspia, Greater Hoopoe-lark Alaemon alaudipes and Sudan Golden Sparrow Passer luteus.	0
It appears that the teahouse is at the top floor of a multi-floor building, however the rest of the building is not shown.|Detail of a teahouse from Along the River During Qingming Festival by Zhang Zeduan (1085–1145)	0
The castle is built on a protusion of Bentheim sandstone, which not only provided building materials for the castle itself, but was also a valued export product.	0
In 2008, he won a Satellite Award for the best actor for a supporting role in the television series True Blood.	1
The average amount of meat eaten per person, per year is 78.5kg.	1
He was born in London to a Punjabi family and moved to India when he was just four years old.	1
Regiment relocated to the Desert Training Center on 1943-08-20.	0
List of power stations in Japan	0
Blue-eyed lemurs are one of two (non-human) primates to have truly blue eyes.	1
What was the impact of the gold rush on Victoria’s population?	0
Tarantula spiders can survive 2 and a half years without food!	1
815GSolano82815GICH/ICH0September 2001Celeron, Pentium III66/100/133 MHz PC100/133 SDRAM512 MB3 v2.2/33 MHz	0
In his young age, he was often protagonist of violent episodes.	0
Trotters and Beans, from the Cape, made from boiled pig's or sheep's trotters and onions and beans.	0
"A case of cannibalism in leopards" (PDF).	0
On average, we shower for 11 minutes a day.	1
The plant was constructed in the early 1970s and was completed in 1974.	0
The pilot for the 80's TV show MacGyver was so bad, the director Jerrold Freedman removed his name from the credits.	1
Unanimity was required for the decisions of both the Assembly and the Council, except in matters of procedure and some other specific cases, such as the admission of new members.	0
Birchmount began as a concession line laid out by the surveyors of Upper Canada.	0
Hernández has earned or been awarded:	0
A baby toucan is actually called a chick.	1
The Ravens finished their pre season 3–1, with a loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, and victories over the Washington Redskins, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the Atlanta Falcons.	0
In contrast, linear algebra deals mostly with finite dimensional spaces, and does not use topology.	0
At a young age, he became grand baillif of Hainaut.	0
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't trying.	1
High Point is North Carolina's only city that extends into four counties.	0
When completed the following year, the Virginian Railway was called by the newspapers "the biggest little railway in the world" and proved both viable and profitable.	0
Travelling eastward, at first via Varanasi, Xuanzang reached Vaisali, Pataliputra (Patna) and Bodh Gaya.	0
Drawing Restraint 9 by Matthew Barney (USA)	0
Research shows that people can handle two tasks at a time, but they make three times as many errors when a third task is added.	1
171 BCBattle of CallicinusPerseus of Macedon defeats a Roman army under Publius Licinius Crassus.	0
Coca-Cola was originally green in colour!	1
The city has branches of the National Archives of Thailand and National Museum of Thailand.	0
James K. Polk: It’s believed that Polk worked so hard while serving as president that he weakened himself, as he died shortly after leaving office.	1
A dragonfly can fly at 40kph (25mph)	1
Henry returned to his camp at Enguinegatte and heard reports of the day's actions.	0
The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called “phosphenes”.	1
He gave up Vigilance Portfolio in early August 2011, after a fresh probe was ordered on the Palm Oil case (which happened when he was Finance Minister in 1992).	0
Critics have argued the anti-gay legislation was passed under French Tunisia.	0
Saint-Hilaire-de-Briouze is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.	0
2.2% of the population is white and 1.9% East Indian.	0
Kweneng is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana.	0
image:Pritchard 1900.jpg| Norman Pritchard Dual Silver Medalist, 1900 Paris Olympics	0
Hawk-Eye reversed the call giving del Potro a 4–2 lead.	0
2010: Mutualism System (with Timo Garcia), Noir Music	0
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.	1
The Persians beached their ships, built a palisade around them, and prepared to guard the makeshift fort.	0
Gregory Vincent Centineo, his dad, is a businessman who was the executive producer for the animated film Legends of Oz: Dorothy’s Return in 2013.	1
Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks!	1
The AXOS tractor, up to 100HP, is unveiled.	0
He regularly lectured audiences about the CIA's covert activities, including assassinations disguised as suicides.	0
When content, a leopard will actually purr, but when angry scream and roar in fury.	1
In 1836 was made a member of the General Staff, and in 1842 he was named head of the topographic department of the staff, with the rank of a Major.	0
For this reason, people with gout have been advised in the past to limit their consumption of beans.	0
This is the only shipyard in the United States capable of building nuclear-powered aircraft carriers.	0
The Lacy Army (already 40,000 men strong) marched into the Crimea the same month, inflicting a number of defeats on the Army of the Crimean Khan and capturing Karasubazar.	0
In the 1920 games, the Olympic flag was first flown.	1
There are also at least five kinds of "stalk Lotus", with each having its own characteristics and charm when closely studied.	0
3D Buildings at the Google 3D Warehouse:	0
14 Stewart-Haas Racing Chevrolet SS in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series on an interim basis until car owner Tony Stewart was cleared following a sprint car-related injury from August 2013. he had the second most wins in the Nationwide Series, with 49.	0
"Manannan mac Lir: i. e. a renowned trader who dwelt in the Isle of Man.	0
For every 100 females there were 98.30 males.	0
Until , many anthropologists had doubts that the canoe-legends described a deliberate migration, tending to believe that the migration occurred accidentally when seafarers became lost and drifted to uninhabited shores.	0
The first written English use of the word whippet with regard to a type of dog was in 1610.	0
Isabella Andreini was a member of the Compagnia dei Comici Gelosi, an important touring theatre company that performed for the highest social circles of Italy and France.	0
Nazaryan had won the first ever medal for the independent Republic of Armenia at the Wrestling World Championships.	0
He is the uncle of Damien Dante Wayans, Chaunté Wayans and Craig Wayans.	0
The mountain cap was also adorned with an Edelweiss flower patch, worn on the left side of the cap.	0
The couple had many children: Léopold who died in infancy (1823), Léopoldine (1824), Charles (1826), François-Victor (1828), and Adele (1830).	1
95593 Azusienis ( , Lithuanian astronomer)	0
Rhys Coiro as Dr. Zeke Barnes, a physician working at Clinica Sanando.	0
Sylvain Barrier (born 20 October 1988 in Oyonnax) is a French motorcycle racer, currently racing in the Superbike World Championship for the BMW Motorrad Team Italia ., He previously raced in the FIM Superstock 1000 Championship,where he won two titles, winning the title in 2012, and again in 2013.	0
In 2011, drummer Josh Dun signed on with Twenty One Pilots, after being the live drummer for the band ‘House of Heroes’.	1
Lighting Racer is a wooden roller coaster located at Hersheypark in Hershey, Pennsylvania.	0
A subgroup occupied the Upper Iowa River region in northeast Iowa and the Root River region in southeast Minnesota in the late 1600s and early 1700s; this group was probably known by the clan name "Mahouea", derived from the Illinoian word for wolf, m'hwea.	0
Out of the 12,895 households, 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families.	0
Loves Park, Illinois: Rilling Enterprises, 2012.	0
Sintra (material), a light-weight rigid material	0
After a short time they will change the topic to education and will claim that they are art students and they want to take you to a free exhibition.	0
This is where the FilmFest comes in, inviting the audience to take part in a discussion about peace and all its implications, reaching from international conflicts to inner-social differences and domestic problems.	0
Riding off is also allowed, but crossing, stopping over the ball, or elbowing all constitute fouls.	0
A very rare breed of rabbit, called Volcano Rabbit is found in Mexico near the Mexican volcanoes!	1
Law firms such as , Davenport Lyons and Dunlap, Grubb & Weaver (of the US Copyright Group) were also attacked.	0
Houston is the only artist to chart seven consecutive No.1 Billboard Hot 100 hits.	1
Little Mix’s fan base call themselves Mixers.	1
A "leap second" will be added to this year's New Year's countdown to compensate for a slowdown in the Earth's rotation.	1
Ancient Egyptians extracted red dye from fucus-algin, 0.01% iodine, and some bromine mannite, but this dye resulted in serious illness; it was used by prostitutes who specialized in oral sex to advertise their services.	0
Special questionnaires have been developed to assess such differences, including the Vividness of Visual Imagery Questionnaire (VVIQ) developed by David Marks.	0
The Ik people live in several small villages arranged in clusters, which comprise the total "community".	0
The world’s oldest known recipe is for beer!	1
The Paparazzi video won two awards at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards; these were for Best Art Direction and Best Special Effects.	1
The kavadis can take the form of Paal Kudam (milk pots) as offerings to god or in the form of physical endurance by piercing the cheeks, tongue, or skin on the body with hooks and Vel skewers.	0
Hawthorn Football Club, an Australian rules football club	0
In the 1990’s, the Japanese company Hitachi-Omron Terminal Solutions created an ATM machine that heats bills to 200°C so that bacteria is killed before dispensing them.	1
He died at 28 years of age, just two months before the album’s release.	0
Yields of up to 80% of saleable	0
A small population of Mammoths survived on the Wrangel Island until 1650 BC, about 900 years after the construction of The Great Pyramid of Giza were completed.	1
Consider the Kb values of the methyl amines given above.	0
The Planet is made up of 72% Salt water and 1% fresh water, leaving 27% of the world as land.	1
Lesser celandine is found in a range of habitats, including woodlands, hedgerows, churchyards, road verges, meadows, in gardens and waste ground and on river banks.	1
He went on to make a move to then Regionalliga Süd side FC Augsburg for the 2002–03 season, subsequently making a total of 18 league appearances throughout the season.	0
The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.	1
A chameleon's tongue is twice as long as its body	1
A 2017 survey found Paraguay to be the happiest country in the world for the second year in a row.	1
Austin admitted a single tear left his eye when Selena Gomez unfollowed him on Instagram.	1
Two large, cream-colored spots on the top of the second segment of the tail make spiny lobsters easy to identify.	1
While filming Dumb and Dumber, Jim Carrey had his crown temporarily removed – that chipped tooth is real and a result of a childhood fight.	1
There is also an outdoor basketball court at the Rec near the swimming pool.	0
Measurement Studio is a set of test and measurement class libraries, tools, and wizards that integrated into the Microsoft Visual Studio environment is the extensive support for accessing instrumentation hardware.	0
Ferdinand II (1590–1637), Archduke of Inner Austria, also Archduke of Austria and Holy Roman Emperor from 1619	0
The red and white striped candy canes were first made around 1900.	1
According to Bourzat, "Nathalie is always pulling the couple ahead and pushing us to work.	0
Gold, Silver and Bronze refer to the Olympic medals and other sports.	1
Andy Bray portrayed a younger Chekov in that episode.	0
Werner Karl Dubois, SS-Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant)	0
Besides the normal Jewel Case version, Gods of War was also released as a limited edition in an embossed metal slipcase containing a high grade media book bound in leather.	0
Leading 14–0 on 4th down with 4 yards to go, Shula could have tried for a conversion, but thought "What a hell of a way to remember this game" if they could end a perfect 17–0 season with a 17–0 Super Bowl final score.	0
20 November 2010Frankfurt am Main 17–222010-12 European Nations Cup First Division	0
Pierre Paul Broca ( or ; 28 June 1824 – 9 July 1880) was a French physician, surgeon, anatomist, and anthropologist.	0
In the Pokémon Red &amp; Blue beta, Haunter’s prototype was called “Spectre.” The Pokémon Trainer’s Survival Guide also references Haunter as Spectre by accident.	1
The walls are composed of three distinct layers: the pigmented layer, the water line and the white line.	0
Canada and the United States conduct a joint annual assessment of the eastern Georges Bank haddock stock.	1
He never received the power he wanted to inspect company books or have a say in management, but he achieved increasingly lucrative wage and benefits contracts.	0
Although Nitro eventually pulled to within .6 ratings points of Raw in early September, it was not momentum that could be sustained and Raw once again began to distance itself from Nitro.	0
This "Bailén syndrome" haunted Spain for the duration of the war:	0
Keith Russell regards the beginning of fan service as taking place in a permissive context, when "kids were just doing kids' stuff", which he believes allowed authors some latitude in regards to their subject matter.	0
A Biography of Wilbur F. Storey.	0
July 5 – Jan Kubelík, Czech violinist (d. 1940)	0
During a study of radio-collared Amur leopards in the early 1990s, a territorial dispute between two males at a deer farm was documented, suggesting that Amur leopards favour such farms for hunting.	0
By 1828, the operation moved to nearby Ilion, New York, at the same site which is used by the modern Remington firearms plant.	0
Many AR-15 rifle manufacturers now offer the .204 Ruger as an alternative chambering alongside the usual 5.56x45/.223 Rem.	0
Jack is a very big advocate of Starbucks, his favorite drink being a Caramel Macchiato.	1
On average, cows poop 16 times per day!	1
Michael Haußner (born 16 June 1954 in Augsburg) is a German lawyer and political civil servant.	0
Despite finishing twelfth in the Qualification Race in Argentina, Bartels and Bertolini were assured of the title as the Young Driver AMR pairing of Tomáš Enge and Darren Turner could only finish tenth which failed to keep them within reach.	0
Tobias, J.; Züchner T. & T.A.	0
The aircraft had a large delta wing, clipped, with two separate podded engines and a twin tail.	0
He had a famous uncle, John G. Trump, a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology who had the distinction of being allowed by the FBI in 1943 to examine famed inventor Nikola Tesla‘s papers and equipment when Tesla passed away that year.	1
A Child's Adventure is the tenth album by Marianne Faithfull, released on Island Records in 1983.	0
B0 star, a subclass of B-class stars	0
Onions are part of the lily family	1
She is depicted on a column in the nave of the cathedral of St. Stephen in Vienna; it dates from the 15th century.	0
Le Québec aux Québécois ("Quebec for Québécois", or "Quebec for Quebecers"): slogan sometimes chanted at Quebec nationalist rallies or protests.	0
INSTEON — dual-mesh (RF and Powerline) technology	0
He studied acting at the Conservatoire of the 17th arrondissement of Paris, at the Cours Florent and at the Conservatoire national (1968), where he had René Simon and later Antoine Vitez as teachers.	0
One major supporter was Henri Poincaré, however by 1900 physicists had rejected his formulation.	0
Starry, Donn A. GEN: Mounted Combat in Vietnam.	0
The leaves are 3-8 cm long rounded ovals, green with a waxy glaucous sheen.	0
2011 AVN Fan Award winner - Wildest Sex Scene - "Body Heat"	0
from: -86.3 till: -83.6 color:latecretaceous text:Sant.	0
A system with both symbolic and sub-symbolic components is a hybrid intelligent system, and the study of such systems is artificial intelligence systems integration.	0
The airstrip is not currently operational and consists of a rough unmarked 4,199 foot landing strip.	0
Many American and British daily newspapers publish larger editions on Sundays, often including color comic strips, a magazine, a coupon section, and sometimes a twin release alongside a sister-newspaper.	1
Finally, on his left, he placed the disorderly Gauls, who he hoped would be shielded by the intraversable terrain (a deep ravine) in front of them.	0
It also regenerates other antioxidants such as vitamin E. The circulating CoQ 10 in LDL prevents oxidation of LDL, which may provide benefit in cardiovascular diseases.	0
The Seven Souls broke up in 1969.	0
The album was released on 6 May 2013.	0
However, in 1954, U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower declined French requests for aerial strikes to relieve besieged French forces at Dien Bien Phu.	0
Denote S ≡ \lim_{i \to \infty} progression S i (⊥ S )	0
A Beagle’s tail is known for the white tip, and when he is following a scent, the tail will be stuck up in the air.	1
The next tier are the courts of major jurisdiction.	0
Before acting professionally Vera worked in customer service for an air conditioning company.	1
"Il torto del soldato", Feltrinelli, 2012	0
PlayStation 2 was so popular, it was produced up until the month before the PlayStation 4 was announced.	1
Following the success of the 2008 and 2009 NHL Winter Classic outdoor hockey games, Syracuse Crunch owner Howard Dolgan started expressing his interest in holding a similar event in Syracuse.	0
The county was the center of controversy during the presidential election.	0
The chicks are altricial and naked, and are fed by both parents, initially mostly with insects, but thereafter mainly fruit.	0
However, he lost to Jürgen Melzer 6–7, 6–2, 3–6, in the third round.	0
Shels went down 3–2, but felt aggrieved that the referee award them a penalty when it seemed a Rovers defender had handled the ball after it went over the goal-line.	0
Fans of The Vamps are known as Vampettes – for girls, the guys are Vampions.	1
He majored in journalism, at the University of Missouri.	1
When questioned about homosexuality in another interview conducted during the 2007 GayFest, he stated, "They can do what they want... marry...	0
Elephants can die of a broken heart if their mate dies.	1
Cathers remained a party member despite his public criticism of Fentie.	0
However, later films in both series released 1999 and later were dubbed in Québec, using different voice actors and "reversing" name changes made in France's dubbings due to the change in studio.	0
On 3rd February 2013, Little Mix released ‘Change Your Life‘ – the third single from their album, which peaked at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart.	1
Seen from above, the SM resembles a teardrop, with a wide front track tapering to a narrower rear track.	0
Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.	1
The Hawaiian word for pineapple is ‘halakahiki‘.	1
Then, there were problems with both of their other sources for food.	0
Iacocca Hall on the Mountaintop Campus of Lehigh University houses the College of Education, the biology and chemical engineering departments, and The Iacocca Institute, which is focused on global competitiveness.	0
The Confederates used the first electrically detonated underwater mine in the river in 1862 near Vicksburg to sink the Union ironclad USS Cairo.	0
Its county seat is Dresden, and its largest city is Martin, the home of the University of Tennessee at Martin.	0
Maria Esperanza was titular Empress of Brazil through her husband Prince Pedro Gastão of Orléans-Braganza, who was one of two claimants to the Brazilian throne as titular Emperor of Brazil, and head of the Petrópolis branch of the Brazilian Imperial House.	0
He said that his favourite number has always been 7.	1
He has seven siblings called Tom, Will, Leo, Archie, Harriet, Louisa and Annabelle.	1
In the ABA, he would be told to do everything for his team.	0
Stanley Rose, famous Hollywood bookseller of the 1930s, was born in Matador.	0
Deportivo Petapa football club play in the second tier of Guatemalan football.	0
Approximately 99% of young males disperse 50 to 400 miles; about 70–80% of young females disperse 20 to 150 miles.	0
Singing Back The Sun: A Dictionary of Old Polish Customs and Beliefs, Okana, 1999	0
A flyweight is an object that minimizes memory use by sharing as much data as possible with other similar objects; it is a way to use objects in large numbers when a simple repeated representation would use an unacceptable amount of memory.	0
It weighed and was found by a group of inexperienced miners who had received a supposedly empty claim.	0
By the time they are six hours old they can only absorb a fraction of what they need.	0
The total amount of economically extractable power available from the wind is considerably more than present human power use from all sources.	0
As noted above, a practical way to prove the numbers f(1),f(2), f(3),\dots have gcd 1 is to find a single pair of values that are relatively prime.	0
He promoted research into the nature of conflicts and of peace, as well as about problems of the environment.	0
Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History at the University of Kentucky Libraries	0
King was imprisoned 29 times during his life, on charges ranging from acts of civil disobedience to driving over the speed limit.	1
People's Front for the Independence of Canarias (FREPIC)	0
A lion's life expectancy is much lower than that of the antelopes it chases.	1
I Am My Writing: The Poetry of E.E.	0
The average smartphone user checks their device a staggering 23 times a day for texting, and 18 times for timekeeping.	1
They are also well developed in the regions of valuable cuts - the back, loin, and hind quarters or round.	0
A new "PS" button was added to expedite usage of the XrossMediaBar System, as well as four player-indicator LEDs on the rear of the controller.	0
Skakalo waterfall (Скакало); located on the Manastirica river, near the mountain resort of Divčibare on the Mount Maljen, in the west Serbia.	0
When answering questions from fans, Taylor Caniff said that he would rather be deaf than blind.	1
German farmers used to make wooden witches for their fields because they believed the witches would draw the evil spirit of winter into their bodies.	1
Jack Finnegan Gilinsky is 22 years old, and was born on the 10th September 1996.	1
The remainder of Ferdinand's reign was spent restoring domestic stability and the integrity of Spain's finances, which had been in ruins since the occupation of the Napoleonic Wars.	0
This methodology integrates behavioral and temporal aspects with concepts for modelling the structural aspects of an information system.	0
The staff is a team of Western and Ukrainian journalists, numbering 14 editorial team members as of May 2013, including 11 Ukrainians.	0
The sisters were placed in reserve several times during the 1920s while they were being modernized.	0
Lesser celandine is found in a range of habitats, including woodlands, hedgerows, churchyards, road verges, meadows, in gardens and waste ground and on river banks.	1
The Plastic Cow Goes Moooooog (Dot Records, 1969)	0
A Jersey cow weighs between 700 and 1,000 pounds.	0
Another brother Ambroise Garin (10 May 1875, Arviers - 31 March 1969) also competed as a professional cyclist from 1899-1903, and lived at Argenteuil, Val-d&apos;Oise until his death at the age of 93.	0
Two years later, Guy Steele took on the project of unifying the overly diverse macros into a single set.	0
Lincoln’s assassin; John Wilkes Booth was killed aged 26.	1
Squirting saliva from the glands under your tongue is known as "gleeking".	1
The hole is typically at least 0.04 inches (1 mm) larger than the bullet caliber to minimize the risk of the bullet hitting the baffle in what is known as a "baffle strike".	0
Gertrude emotionally blackmails Charlotte into keeping him from talking to her, lest she tell him Charlotte likes him.	0
Its seat is located in the town of Heby.	0
His favourite ice cream is Ben &amp; Jerry’s Cookie Dough flavour.	1
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave	1
Much of human nutrition depends on plants, either directly or indirectly.	0
In 1914, at the age of 56, Cooper began courses for her doctoral degree at Columbia University, but was forced to interrupt her studies in 1915 when she adopted the five children of her late half-brother upon their mother's death.	0
Paired yellow para-vertebral stripe from occipital to beginning of tail.	0
It takes intervention from Robin to knock Shiva unconscious and subdue her for interrogation.	0
In German and Italian he is simply Automatix.	0
Before Bagrat was crowned as the king, he had also reigned as a dynast in Kartli from 976 to 978.	0
In fact, nothing was absolutely direct.	0
Many of the British public were shocked by the burning of the Capitol and other buildings at Washington; such actions were denounced by most leaders of continental Europe.	0
This name was widely adopted and remained in use for many years.	0
Another meaning hypothetically attributed to his name is "wipe the arse".	0
He was able to study sculpture arts at the School of Applied Arts in Düsseldorf by a stipend from the municipal authorities.	0
On October 7, 2011 Côté faced muay thai specialist Crafton Wallace at Instinct MMA 1 in Boisbriand, Quebec, Canada.	0
It is also somewhat expensive, and not the practical dress of time past.	0
Because of the Electoral College, a presidential candidate can win with only 23% of the popular vote.	1
It is also likely that Dublin Corporation, which had shown an interest in the preservation of the jail, supported the proposal.	0
After the Bay of Pigs invasion fiasco, President John F. Kennedy sought to avoid groupthink during the Cuban Missile Crisis using "vigilant appraisal."	0
On 25th March 2015, Zayn announced that he was going to leave One Direction.	1
Scientists believe that gold can be found on Mars, Mercury, and Venus.	1
Bumblebees can fly higher than Mount Everest.	1
As of 2010, the band have been planning a new album with songs that were left over from the album 4:13 Dream.	1
She shot to fame when she portrayed superhero Rogue in X-Men, and its subsequent films, X2 and X-Men: The Last Stand.	1
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo!	1
He was a member of the Mexican national team at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and played two games at the tournament at the age of 35.	0
The single premiered on People.com and received generally positive reviews.	0
International volunteer programmes including the American Peace Corps also provide teachers throughout schools in Savai'i and the rest of the country.	0
River is 6’1 with dark brown eyes – and lots of tattoos!	1
He raced in Britain and Sweden in Formula Ford and Formula 3 (he was Swedish junior Formula Ford Champion in 1986), in Europe in Formula Opel Lotus, in Scandinavia and Europe in the Renault Clio Cup (Scandinavian Champion 1992) and in the USA in the Barber Saab Pro Series (Champion in 1993).	0
In addition to the basic rules of play there are many additional rules covering playing conditions and the rectification of irregularities which are primarily for use by tournament directors who act as referees and have overall control of procedures during competitions.	0
A Local Government Council exists for each of these seats that manages sectors including primary education and health; an elected Executive Chairman and a group of elected Councillors form the Local Government Council that heads each Local Government Area.	0
The grey whale migrates 12,500 miles from the Arctic to Mexico and back every year!	1
It is primarily used in art and design education, particularly painting.	0
45% of people use mouthwash daily	1
Fifth Harmony also partners with the Girl Scouts of America doing free concerts.	1
Dr. Pepper has its own museum dedicated to the drink, which is located in Waco, Texas.	1
His retirement after four years led to the election of a female Grand Master.	0
In 1912, Olympic gold medals were entirely made from gold but modern medals contain only 6 grams of gold.	1
The book was also cited in a list of 10 books that "most shaped his vocational attitude and philosophy of life".	0
The BSA publishes the 3rd Degree magazine.	0
1947 - James Dyson, English businessman, founded the Dyson Company	0
Jade Raymond, producer of Assassin's Creed said "For Assassin's Creed we wanted the score to capture the gruesome atmosphere of medieval warfare but also be edgy and contemporary."	0
Named after Ziusudra, a Sumerian king.	0
The insignia is an Ashoka lion emblem or state emblem of Pakistan worn on a leather strap on the right wrist.	0
This white, odorless solid finds use as a precursor or a component of bleaches, disinfectants, and herbicides.	0
During the 13-day flight, the seven member crew attached the Z1 Truss and Pressurized Mating Adapter 3 to the International Space Station using Discovery’s robotic arm and performed four space walks to configure these elements.	0
They are sent after the woman called Tyger Tiger, Coy's primary rival as the supreme crime boss of Madripoor.	0
Jackson would eventually appear in his only NBA Finals as the Pacers' starting point guard in 2000, when they lost to the Los Angeles Lakers in six games.	0
He started taking singing seriously at the age of 15.	1
SNCF International provides assistance to Israel Railways in every area of rail operations including projects to upgrade the network's general safety regulations.	0
The same year, the party was renamed to Social Democratic Renewal ( ), maintaining the same acronym, SDP.	0
Thomas Brown (sport shooter) (1885–1950), American Olympic sport shooter	0
Although he has many adoring fans, lots of Pokémon lovers dislike Ash Ketchum as they believe he is a bad Pokémon trainer.	1
Chelo Alonso (born April 10, 1933) is a former Cuban actress who became a star in Italian cinema, and ultimately a 1960s cult film heroine and sex symbol in the U.S. She was well known for playing femme fatales with fiery tempers and sensual dance scenes.	0
The remnants of five former WHL teams formed the minor-professional Prairie Hockey League in 1926.	0
Tandem rotors are two horizontal main rotor assemblies mounted one behind the other.	0
Braeburn apples are useful in cooking in that they hold their shape and do not release a great deal of liquid making them ideal for tarts.	0
Previously, the theaters' lighting came from individual candles surrounding the stage, small chandeliers hanging from the boxes, or larger chandeliers that illuminated the whole theater.	0
Cats are pretty amazing at jumping; they can jump up to seven times higher than the length of their tail.	1
Due to the cougars vast range, the cougar is known in different places by different names.	1
44% of people have broken a bone	1
Private (voiced by James Patrick Stuart) - Private is the emotionally sensitive rookie of the group.	0
Dylan appeared on a Vine video with his fellow Vine superstars, Klairty and Jake Foushee and Kayden Stephenson called “The one friend who can’t be quiet during a prank”.	1
Designed by Javier de Luque, 1922 (façade restored by Joaquin Vaquero Palacios, 1952).	0
Blue Line Pro&apos;s Sketch #12 (Blue Line Pro, 2001)	0
The British Army introduced the DMS (Direct Moulded Sole) ankle boot in 1958 .	0
Websters Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn’t exist in it for five years – “Dord”.	1
He has written under two pen names – Richard Bachman and John Swithen.	1
He had modelled from the age of 16.	1
Another term for your nieces or nephews would be “niblings”.	1
DNS Ernst HenneMercedes-Benz W25 Reserve driver, practiced	0
On modern Xorg the default setup maps first pressing and then pressing while is still depressed to the compose key, but pressing first followed by to the fourth "keyboard level" modifier (the first three levels correspond to holding no modifiers, , and respectively.)	0
Kenneth James "Kenny" Arthur (born 7 December 1978) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish League Two side Annan Athletic.	0
Other products include oil, spice, onion and akvavit.	0
In 1932, Beauchamp's Ro-pat company marketed the electric lap steel guitar.	0
In Japan there is a tradition, thanks to a 40-year-old marketing campaign, KFC is consumed by the vast majority of the population on Christmas Eve.	1
He cut off support to the Church from the state and from outside influences such as the Vatican and Germany.	0
The first post office opened in Robinsons Ferry in 1879, the name was changed to Robinson's in 1895, and to Melones in 1902.	0
On the other hand, the commission did not exonerate the defendants or absolve them of guilt.	0
He is frequently a presenter at the Eisner Awards, given out each year at Comic-Con.	0
cathodochromism is induced by electron beam irradiation.	0
Jonathan Swift - Fraud Detected; or, The Hibernian Patriot	0
échiqueté d’argent et de sable de cinq tires.	0
The term "Audio-Animatronics" was first used commercially by Disney in 1961, was filed as a trademark in 1964, and was registered in 1967.	0
|| Basin area || align=center style="background: #f7f8ff"| 507 km² (170 mi²)	0
Disney quietly cut ties with McDonalds in 2006 so as not to be associated with childhood obesity.	1
Zachary Taylor: Zachary Taylor’s nickname was “Old Rough and Ready” because of his sloppy dressing.	1
The company was part of the Stolt-Nielsen Group.	0
The first thing a caterpillar eats after it hatches from its cocoon is usually the shell of the cocoon itself.	1
There was also one service per day arriving at Aberdeen from Leeds.	0
His mother’s name is Joy Hood, she is from New Zealand.	1
In rheumatology, and partly in cardiology, Jaccoud was probably best known for his 23.	0
Caves and other alcoves that offer protection are used as litter dens.	0
During the Franco-Prussian War he served as a physician in reserve hospitals.	0
All other countries have 5,000 or fewer Sikhs.	0
By 1904 there were only 535 A'ani tribe members remaining.	0
They also contain neurons with receptors for angiotensin, atrial natriuretic factor, endothelin and relaxin, each of which important in the regulation of fluid and electrolyte balance.	0
Drake lives in California most of the time but also owns a property in Toronto.	1
The Metropolitan Transit Authority provides bus transit within the city, out of a newly built hub station downtown.	0
Icelandic phone books are listed by first names (not surnames)	1
1963 stereo mix from A Collection of Beatles Oldies (stereo version)	0
The film was re-submitted in 1999, and an "Extreme Version" was passed with 23 seconds of cuts, trimming back the eye gouge scene and the zombie feast.	0
The approximately 200 Acadians who were there began vacating the village in the fall of 1744 after the French attack on Canso.	0
5 - 8 taken from the Boo!	0
He has a younger brother called Lewie.	1
It is also used to make home decor items such as baker's racks, wine racks, pot racks, etageres, table bases, desks, gates, beds, candle holders, curtain rods, bars and bar stools.	0
At the outset of the Civil War, Sequatchie was divided over the issue of secession.	0
In 2012, Double Face ( ), a Japanese television remake starring Hidetoshi Nishijima was released by TBS and WOWOW.	0
To be effective as a hygiene measure, this process must be followed by thorough rinsing under running water to remove germs from the surface.	0
The two largest ethnic groups reported in Tole were the Oromo (94.97%), and the Amhara (4.54%); all other ethnic groups made up 0.49% of the population.	0
The municipalities of Airolo and Quinto are considering a merger some time in the future into a new municipality which will be known as Airolo-Quinto.	0
The ’57’ on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.	1
NASA's New Horizons probe that launched in 2006 and is on a journey to Pluto is powered by the original Playstation processor.	1
The construction of the Halic metro bridge in 2013 has irreparably altered the view of the mosque from north.	0
His signature base of operations, Trump Tower, was completed in 1983.	1
Common examples include mounting a workpiece to a sacrificial glue block on a lathe, and tightening pins and bolts.	0
St. Patrick never mentions having any siblings in his works, but Jocelin and MacEvin claim he had a sister named Lupita.	1
Women show a stronger attraction toward males who have strong shoulders, narrow waists, and broad chests and shoulders.	1
He worked in functional analysis, and was a professor at UCLA for more than 40 years.	0
Outstanding Supporting Actress – Drama series	0
"I Used to Hate Cell Phones, But Now I Hate Car Accidents"	0
Another graph-theoretic result of Chvátal was the 1970 construction of the smallest possible triangle-free graph that is both 4-chromatic and 4-regular, now known as the Chvátal graph,	0
Fresh chilled beef must be shipped in specially refrigerated cars and ships in order to arrive in good condition.	0
Stivell describes it (on the cover) as "an eternal theme which signifies that material progress without moral progress leads to catastophe".	0
Tony Malanowski directed a movie about the Battle of Bunker Hill in 2009.	1
Husu would also finish 4th in the 50 km event at those same championships.	0
Along with Lemkin (the Academic who devised the term "genocide" in his 1944 book Axis Rule in Occupied Europe) and Vespasian V. Pella, he was consulted by John Peters Humphrey to prepare the United Nations Secretariat Draft for the Convention on the Prevention of Genocide.	0
I Perugini alle Terme di San Galgano	0
Command cadet Jonathan Hays, twenty-one, and his best friend Jessie 'Beanie' Bienstock, a 14-year-old computer specialist, are among the young military cadets chosen to serve as the crew of Earth*Star Voyager, the planet's newest interstellar vessel.	0
Leoni ranked #79 on the FHM "100 Sexiest Women of 2000" list.	0
Over time, Clemens August changed more frequently the alliances, as of Allied of Austria or France, also under the influence of his frequently changing First Ministers and high donations.	0
Salish Languages and Linguistics: Theoretical and Descriptive Perspectives.	0
They decide that what they need is pipes so that when they meet the other shepherds and shepherdesses they can join in the dances; Pan throws a flute in the lap of Daphnis, but it won't play for him.	0
Auto Union and Mercedes dominated the era, but Ferrari achieved a notable victory when Tazio Nuvolari beat them on their home turf at the German Grand Prix in 1935.	0
(It ends in 480 BC with the invasion of Xerxes.)	0
Wolves generally prefer larger prey such as deer, but will settle for something smaller, such as rabbit.	1
As Jorge Luis Borges wrote: Another fact is undeniable.	0
The Tower of Babel was waterproofed with bitumen in reaction to the Flood, so as to protect themselves from another flood, according to Josephus.	1
The Blue Iguana, is a critically endangered species endemic to Grand Cayman.	1
To eject an object from the Solar System, Jupiter transfers energy to it, and so loses some of its own orbital energy and moves inwards.	0
William Wrigley, Jr. (1861–1932), founder of the Wm.	0
There is a 67% chance of conception per mating.	0
He was once best friends with Hollywood actors, James Woods.	1
September 2010, she continued her relationship with Ball State University by working with students in the classroom, teaching master class sessions, and performing workshops for students of the Department of Theatre and Dance.	0
There were 3 championships and the Brazil won them all.	0
The Marzal design probably found wider recognition as a die-cast model, with both Dinky and Matchbox making scale models, albeit in other colours such as orange livery, although the original show car was painted in silver.	0
After Morrison killed off Batman in 2009, creators were moved around titles and Dini started writing two new Batman titles and Gotham City Sirens.	0
Two stills from the movie's official website depict Tara and James in a colorful room with a piano, sunflowers, and streamers.	0
To Kill A Mockingbird is one of her favourite books.	1
Secondly, there was the Augustinian position of an intimate relation between space, time, and matter; all three, according to St. Augustine in the Confessions and the City of God,(Confessions Ch.	0
His second album, Exclusive was released in 2007 and sold 294,000 copies in its first week.	1
He received his episcopal consecration on the following September 12 from Archbishop Victoriano Guisasola y Rodríguez, with Bishops Ramón Martínez Vigil, OP, and José Mazarrasa y Rivas serving as co-consecrators, in the Cathedral of Oviedo.	0
Without its lining of mucus, your stomach would digest itself!	1
The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.	1
If a mother takes her cubs with her during the hunt, she will hide them in the thick underbrush for safety.	1
The Ancient Greeks credit the mythological hero Aristaeus, who discovered feta cheese, which is still widely used in Greek cuisine.	1
The Marques of Puységur’s miraculous healing of a young man named Victor in 1784 was attributed to, and used as evidence in support of, this "crisis" treatment.	0
People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.	1
Bali has the worlds largest variety of flora	1
Discharge cavitation occurs when the pump discharge pressure is extremely high, normally occurring in a pump that is running at less than 10% of its best efficiency point.	0
It does appear, however, that an individual's susceptibility to the gambler's fallacy decreases with age.	0
Thanks to his fine play, Drage was rewarded with a salary increase and a new four-year contract with Tromsø at the end of the 2011 season.	0
What is most unusual about the area, musically speaking, is the cross-pollination of musical styles that originated in Muscle Shoals.	0
The Italian's great performance can never be effaced from our record of sport, be the decision of the judges what it may.	0
A year later, he published his second book called ‘Existencilism’.	1
Copper gate in front of the Hōtō.	0
1988: Corpo, Espaço e Poder, Litoral Edições.	0
Grey Cloud, under a flag of truce, comes to San Gil with his warriors and promises to stay out of the white man’s war if the prisoners are released, but is killed by a civilian.	0
He used to go to Putteridge High school in Luton.	1
One intertitle refers to Jikki as "silly old Zixi".	0
Encyclopædia Britannica's "Encyclopedia of Hindi Cinema" described Saaransh as Mahesh Bhatt's "finest film — moving, mellow, and mature — as the viewer feels the pain and despair of an elderly couple..."	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.50 males.	0
Atigha became the acting president of the Congress after the resignation of Mohammed Magariaf.	0
A single 10-second kiss transfers 80 million bacteria.	1
He is a master tactician and incredibly strong, and uses his many skills that he's picked up over his long lifetime to aid his teammates.	0
The first European to travel through area was surveyor George Evans, in 1815 and unofficial occupation of the district began in 1821.	0
Any officer attempting to enforce the rule of decrees from England would lose all of his property in Ireland and be subject to a fine.	0
Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond 1764–18191812	0
Jade Thirlwall was born on 26th December 1992 in South Shields, Tyne and Wear and grew up with her mother Norma and brother Karl.	1
Thereafter Macedonia remained under Byzantine control until the Fourth Crusade (1204).	0
The most powerful relationship for a cow is that between a mother and baby.	1
Three high-order bits out of seven or four high-order bits out of eight, counting from zero to seven or from zero to fifteen respectively, form the column number.	0
The Modern Adventures of Baron Munchausen (Hora Danshaku Gendai no Boken)	0
Beth points the gun at Ike.	0
In the 1999 National League Championship Series, 40-year-old Nixon made one of the key plays to save the series for the Braves.	0
Half marathon - 1:11:37 hrs (2005)	0
However, as simple as it may sound, in order to make Guinness, you need to have knowledge in microbiology, mycology, bacteriology, and thermodynamics.	1
The Macedonian and Bulgarian people believe that the name of the mountain Pirin, one of the highest mountains of the Balkan Peninsula, was named after Perun.	0
According to Chinese mythology, Yu the Great used a divine axe to cut the mountain ridge three times, creating the Sanmenxia gorges to prevent massive flooding.	0
Goalkeepers: Roman Weidenfeller (33); Mitchell Langerak (1) .	0
The University of Havana is made up of 16 faculties ( ) and 14 research centers in different fields like economics, sciences, social science and humanities.	0
Biocompatible and hence is suitable for medical applications.	0
The flesh that dangles on top of the beak, is known as the snood.	1
"Let's call the spiny lobster "spiny lobster"".	0
The first penguin fossil to be discovered was found in rocks that were around 25 million years old.	1
Étienne Clémentel was born on 11 January 1864 in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, France.	0
It’s illegal to use, posess or supply silly string in Mobile, Alabama.	1
Its principle of operation was very simple, an incoming gas flow was used to lift a weighted bellows unit, which fell intermittently under gravity, forcing breathing gases into the patient's lungs.	0
Lilley is known for being an advocate of marijuana legalization.	0
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Magic and Pistons.	0
Stratigraphic dating indicates that the weapons are about 400,000 years old.	0
It was originally found by a French physician living in Baghdad and refers to a Babylonian town called Bak-da-du of the 12th century BC.	0
The West Indian whistling duck (Dendrocygna arborea) is a whistling duck that breeds in the Caribbean.	0
Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.	1
Come while you still have the place to yourself.Local Flavor: Pickled Wrinkles at The Pickled Wrinkle, Birch Harbor.	0
In 1925 there was developed an own design of sports plane Sp-I (one built).	0
Twelve years later, Opening Day for the Chicago White Sox was postponed due to another snowfall that had occurred on April 5.	0
Ilse Jahn, "Zur Gründungs- und Entwicklungsgeschichte der Jenaer Botanischen Gärten (von 1586 bis 1864)", in Wissenschaftliche Zeitschrift der Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena.	0
Neighbor joining has the undesirable feature that it often assigns negative lengths to some of the branches.	0
by Serhiy Tihipko was one of the founders and the first Chairman of the Board.	0
On the other hand, if you were to go from through New York, to Philadelphia, you will never be more than 10 miles away from a Starbucks.	1
Saville is also a former junior World No.	0
16TDecember 29, 19282–2 OTNew York Americans (1928–29)4–6–6	0
Stretch Tent Fabrics have been produced using Nylon and Polyester.	0
1949 - Brian Leveson, English lawyer and judge	0
Alfredo Topolino is a Swiss expert in ultrasonics residing in Nyon, Switzerland, who appears in The Calculus Affair.	0
The life span of a house fly is between 10 to 25 days	1
Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddhas.	1
There were 75 households out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.3% were married couples living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families.	0
She was originally booked as a villain in the women's division, but her abilities and comical "drunken" antics created positive crowd reactions, resulting in a naturally gradual fan favorite push.	0
According to the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition (1911):	0
Captured by the Confederates when they took the Pensacola yard on 12 January 1861, Fulton was considered for use in the Confederate States Navy, but was never fitted out.	0
Puberty and High Pregnancy Rates are an inheritable trait of	0
Seokga called on rainstorms, but he could not make the Seongcheon connect with all other rivers.	0
The scheduler allows applications to request immediate CPU time, which can drastically reduce audio latency.	0
What was the impact of the gold rush on Victoria’s population?	0
All three men declined the offer.	0
As of May 2015, 2.3 Million Americans still subscribed to AOL Dial Up Internet.	1
Mass Effect 2 - Commander Shepard communicates with the Illusive Man using a quantum entanglement based telepresence system.	0
The US national champion Populus deltoides var.	0
This history makes them excellent guard dogs for homes and families in modern times.	1
Johnny Galecki is more famously known for playing the character of Leonard Hofstadter on The Big Bang Theory.	1
In 7 months, 2.4 million pounds of gold was transported from Mount Alexander to nearby capital cities.	0
Mystery Incorporated (2010–2013) (co-production with Hanna-Barbera Productions)	0
Recueil de pièces sur la lithotomie et la lithotritie, 1835 - Collection of pieces involving lithotomy and lithotripsy.	0
Anglo and Allophones, conversely, became drastically under-represented in the province of Quebec.	0
In Turkestan, in 1919, a train was powered by almost 9000 tonnes of dry fish!	1
Here he was employed as an assistant to Thomas Willis and to Robert Boyle, for whom he built the vacuum pumps used in Boyle's gas law experiments.	0
The four sets of serious contenders for the first finders of gold on what became the Bendigo goldfield are, in no particular order:	0
In 198, Yuan Shao advanced against Gongsun Zan and encircled his remaining force at Yijing (present day Xiongxian County, Hebei).	0
Lü Bu went there and brought Liu Bei along with him.	0
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”.	1
Thus, the observable's eigenvectors (called an eigenbasis) form an orthonormal basis that span the state space in which that observable exists.	0
Lettuce is the worlds most popular green vegitable	1
It collects data on demographics, population, climatology, education, employment, etc.	0
Adolf of Osnabrück, O.Cist (also known as Adolphus, Adolph, Adolf of Tecklenburg), was born in Tecklenburg about 1185, a member of the family of the Counts of Tecklenburg in the Duchy of Westphalia.	0
Lady Gaga wrote “Just Dance” and “Born This Way” in just 10 minutes.	1
LOT Polish Airlines operated ten aircraft between 1936 and 1939.	0
In Swahili, the name Kanye is translated to mean ‘the only one’.	1
His goal was to broker a peace and he sent his top aide Colonel House on repeated missions to the belligerents, but they were so confident of victory that the peace was ignored.	0
A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling.	0
In 1982 she moved to Stuttgart in order to work with director Hansgünther Heyme, where she appeared in a series of plays directed by him.	0
The four sets of serious contenders for the first finders of gold on what became the Bendigo goldfield are, in no particular order:	0
She works as a teacher and runs a school for the neighborhood children.	0
Os Filhos de Anansi (Portuguese), ISBN 972-23-3592-8	0
As of 2015, there were more than 62,000 employees working for Nike across the globe.	1
Greek per capita student representation in the US (one every 2,200) is among the highest in Europe.	0
His next active service, still under Trenck, was in the Silesian mountains in 1745, in which campaign he greatly distinguished himself as a leader of light troops.	0
After studying for one semester at the National Theater Institute, Emerson moved to New York City.	1
The leopard has an exceptionally large range, occurring throughout Africa and Asia.	1
Their fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.	1
Her first album entitled “Meghan Trainor” was released on Christmas Day in 2009.	1
Jochū Tengin (如仲天誾, also 恕仲天誾; 1363-1437) was a Sōtō Zen monk.	0
There were only 9 developers on the team for Goldeneye 007 for Nintendo 64, and only one of them had ever worked on a video game before.	1
A hamster's teeth never stop growing.	1
Â Leopards are widely spread over the sub-Saharan Africa and Asia.	0
The puma and jaguarundi's next closest relation is the cheetah.	1
Their long legs mean that they can cover plenty of space in a short amount of time, making their average walking speed around 10 miles per hour.	1
The issue was documented in an article named Flash of Unstyled Content.	0
Elsa Marlen Manrique Pulgar (2008-2011) first woman to hold the position	0
The written symbols for Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn have been traced to forms found in late Greek papyri.	0
Various kinds of patterns were carved on bronze, jade, and pottery wares.	1
Since 2001, some national NGOs coalitions promoting the Decade have been established in several countries, including Austria, France, Italy and the Netherlands.	0
They can travel up to 5000km a year.	1
He had a passion for drawing and painting, as well as writing.	1
Bradley decides when Tristan needs a shave!	1
Born in Westminster, London, Fielding performed regularly as a stand-up comedian during the late 1990s, and appeared repeatedly on the television stand-up showcase Lee Mack's Gas.	0
Triunfo del Amor won 3 awards in Premios TVyNovelas: Best female antagonist, best first actor, and best young lead actress.	0
Miers is undoubtedly a decent and competent person.	0
Marguerite has various descendants throughout Europe; Through her son she is a direct male line ancestress of Josselin de Rohan, member of the Senate of France.	0
Nested inside that, the Ka-band radar covers a 120 km (74.5 mile) swath.	0
Castle in detail in Evliya Çelebi's travel has been taken up.	0
Quasar was cancelled at issue #60.	0
When a trailer for the movie was released in April 2014, Kylo Ren’s character could be seen but nobody knew what his name was yet.	1
Formerly from February to June 2008 played for AC Bellinzona after release by MKE Ankaragücü in February.	0
India’s Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) is the cheapest Mars mission ever costing just $72 million!	1
A series of small reference books and dictionaries for the general public completed the range.	0
The original Google server was made from Lego.	1
Other well-known films in which she has appeared include Chocolat (2000), directed by her husband Lasse Hallström, Queen of the Damned (2002), Casanova (2005) and The Reader (2008).	0
List of select Jewish ice hockey players	0
His favourite clothing brand is Bathing Ape.	1
Amongst the Turkic peoples, Tengrianism was the popular religion before arrival of Islam.	0
Men get off behind that because they get even with the women they can't have."	0
On the small Baltic island of Märket, you can change country between Sweden and Finland 5 times while walking 120m in a straight line.	1
Hundreds of Spanish men and women, and French soldiers were killed in this skirmish.	0
San Marco is a minor basilica in Rome dedicated to St. Mark the Evangelist located in the small Piazza di San Marco adjoining Piazza Venezia.	0
This drink is owned by the Dr. Pepper Snapple Group and not by Coca-Cola or Pepsi.	1
Thanks to this, he presents the colourful reality of the "spoken" culture of the people better than any other author.	0
He overtakes Christini and manages to wrestle him down in the car.	0
On one slow news day on April 18th, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said “there is no news”.	1
It was established as Le Maître Phonétique in 1886 and obtained its current name in 1971.	0
Each year, the average Subway store uses a staggering 16 acres of the leafy green we all know and love in our sandwich – lettuce.	1
During this process they are learning about both the capabilities of their voice and the fighting process.	0
There are only 6 species of flamingos.	1
The office processes 2 million real and personal property documents and 750,000 birth, death and marriage records annually and services approximately 2,000 customers daily.	0
Impure Kohanim must not do service in the temple &mdash;	0
A hippopotamus can run faster than a man	1
After several years of friendship and dating, Beyoncé married Jay-Z on the 4th April, 2008.	1
To date, Newton has received five Grammy Award nominations in the Pop and Country Best Female Vocalist categories (winning once in 1983), as well as an ACM Award for Top New Female Artist and two Billboard Female Album Artist of the Year awards (won consecutively).	0
The Panda Loach is very expensive and can cost approximately $145 (or approximately £100).	1
High Noon for Gangsters aka Villains in Broad Daylight	0
They expel soft, mucus-covered pellets that are then reingested (coprophagy).	0
Although the great fire of London destroyed much of the precious city there were only 6 recorded fatalities.	1
The group also appeared on Boyce Avenue’s EP “Cover Collaborations, Volume 2” in 2013 doing covers of such artists as Justin Timberlake and Bruno Mars.	1
^ a b "Eastern Cougar Fact Sheet".	0
PSCS has also developed the Public Sector Credit Framework, an open source budget simulation model that helps analysts assess default probabilities.	0
Two egg head sons of Puppetmon's 'playmates', they get killed by Puppetmon when he assumed they were lying to him while he was looking for Takeru in his deadly hide and seek game.	0
Born Mary Postans in Kent, daughter of Thomas - the Esq.	0
It is how individuals see themselves when picturing themselves in their mind, or when perceiving themselves in a mirror.	0
Roger Joseph Manning Jr. – Piano	0
Replacing the artificial colouring in blue M&Ms would require twice the current global supply of the natural alternative.	1
In total, with Jean François Paillard, he produced more than 150 recordings (including fifty where he acted as soloist) and has performed in more than 2,500 concerts on five continents.	0
Okavango’s administrative boundary starts at Habu, including Qangwa and Xaixai up to Gudigwa.	0
Curtis followed this movie one year later with Night of Dark Shadows, another expansion of the Shadows franchise, dealing with the witch Angelique Bouchard.	0
3.2 April 1851: Castlemaine district and Clunes, Victoria	0
His season was ended just after Christmas when he suffered a severe concussion during a game.	0
Anjelica Huston as Cynthia Keener on Medium (Episode: "Wicked Game: Part II") (NBC)	0
Around 0000 UTC on September 25, the disturbance was sufficiently organized to be declared a tropical depression.	0
Endre Johannes Cleven, composer and director of Scandinavian immigration for Canada (d. 1916)	0
Prince Maurice of Battenberg (1891–1914), grandson of Queen Victoria was a student at Lockers Park School.	0
The Fame Monster was the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide.	1
Examples of arterial thrombosis are stroke, myocardial infarction ("heart attack"), and acute leg ischemia.	0
There is actually a commercial market for ladybugs, because they eat aphids, a garden pest.	1
They can grow between two to five inches.	1
They have two children, Michael and Erin.	0
It is believed that pastries taste better in pink boxes and plates.	1
Paintings by Verschuring in the Louvre	0
Towards the beginning of the 20th century this policy slowly began to change, partly owing to the efforts of Owen Morgan Edwards when he became chief inspector of schools for Wales in 1907.	0
The hippopotamus kill more humans annually than lions, crocodiles, or snakes!	1
It was originally painted as golden stars on a blue sky.	0
She helped the intelligence agency S.H.I.E.L.D.	0
As he reached Negroponte, the triarch Giberto II da Verona, Felisa's brother, and John I de la Roche, the Duke of Athens, who were present at the city, rode out with their forces to meet him.	0
People Magazine voted her the Most Beautiful Woman in the World.	1
Rohrbacher, Histoire universelle (Paris, 1885), XI, 9, 150.	0
His first award was the Satellite Award for ‘Best TV Ensemble’ for True Blood in 2009.	1
In February 2009, the program was not broadcast anymore, but Julien Courbet stayed on France Télévisions.	0
Thom was also nominated for Artist of the Year and her label "Guardian Angel Recordings" was nominated for Record Label of the Year.	0
Goliath frogs don’t croak or make sounds – as they have no vocal chords.	1
Campus and the bars along Southern Illinois Avenue were closed on Halloween in proceeding years.	0
In 1974, the election system was reviewed and positive elements from the Indian electoral system were incorporated.	0
Conroe ISD Academy of Science and Technology, a specialized magnet school of science and technology in Conroe, Texas	0
Ancient Blacksmiths, the Iron Age, Damascus Steels, and Modern Metallurgy Archived 2007-06-26 at the Wayback Machine.	0
The coup was premature, but not long after, Napoléon III, discredited by his conduct of the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71), was overthrown.	0
Moscow metropolitan area, Tver, Vladimir, Rzhev, Kaluga, Tula, Ryazan, Novomoskovsk, Rybinsk, Yaroslavl, Kostroma, Ivanovo, Kineshma, Kovrov, Murom, Pskov, Smolensk, Bryansk, Oryol, Kursk, Yelets, Lipetsk, Tambov, Stary Oskol, Belgorod, Nizhny Novgorod, Arzamas, Saransk, Penza, Saratov, Kamyshin, Volgograd, Novoshakhtinsk, Shakhty, Volgodonsk, Rostov-on-Don, Novocherkassk, Bataysk, Azov, Taganrog, Yeysk, Elista, Astrakhan, Tikhoretsk, Kropotkin, Armavir, Stavropol, Pyatigorsk, Yessentuki, Kislovodsk, Slavyansk-na-Kubani, Krasnodar, Maykop, Anapa, Novorossiysk, Gelendzhik, Tuapse, Sochi, Adler, Murmansk, Severodvinsk, Arkhangelsk, Vyborg, Petrozavodsk, Veliky Novgorod, Cherepovets, Vologda, Syktyvkar, Kirov, Glazov, Yoshkar-Ola, Cheboksary, Novocheboksarsk, Zelenodolsk, Kazan, Ulyanovsk, Dimitrovgrad, Tolyatti, Samara, Novokuybyshevsk, Syzran, Engels, Perm, Izhevsk, Nizhnekamsk, Naberezhnye Chelny, Bugulma, Votkinsk, Sterlitamak, Salavat, Orenburg, Orsk, Magnitogorsk, Nizhny Tagil, Yekaterinburg, Kamensk, Kamensk-Uralsky, Zlatoust, Miass, Chelyabinsk, Kurgan, Tyumen, Omsk, Nefteyugansk, Surgut, Nizhnevartovsk, Novosibirsk, Tomsk, Yurga, Kemerovo, Prokopyevsk, Novokuznetsk, Barnaul, Biysk, Rubtsovsk, Krasnoyarsk and more locations in Russia Funchal, Coimbra, Aveiro, Guimarães, Viseu, Leiria, Évora, Ponta Delgada, Portimão, Póvoa de Varzim, Viana do Castelo, Figueira da Foz, Covilhã, Bragança and more locations in Portugal More locations in United States and HD imagery updates of California, Idaho, Indiana, and Utah Some updates in United Kingdom	0
The New York Times thought differently, stating "I was never quite clear on what was going on in the game.	0
On 17 June 1893 alluvial gold was found near Mount Charlotte, less than 25 miles (40 km) from Coolgardie, at what became the town of Hannan	1
Its distribution overlaps broadly with the similar northern giant petrel, though it overall is centered slightly further south.	0
It is the capital of this nation and features very prominently in the video game .	0
Busitema University - One of the six public universities in Uganda; located , by road, southwest of the central business district of Tororo town.	0
The BBC commissioned the books for a UK Drama series.	1
Gold, Silver and Bronze refer to the Olympic medals and other sports.	1
The more popular version has DeWar personally execute Perrund, followed by a return to the Half-Hidden Kingdoms where he reclaims his hidden title as Prince, and eventually King.	0
In the bottom of the inning, another RBI double from Alomar cut the lead to one, but the White Sox again restored their two-run lead in the seventh with a groundout from Joey Cora that scored Guillén and then extended it to three runs in the ninth with a single by Ventura.	0
From 1896 acetylene gas lighting for bicycles started to be introduced and later in 1899 acetylene gas lamps for the motor-car became popular.	0
Curved window glass and round taillights mounted high characterized the new styling.	0
Peeling off sticky tape creates X-Rays.	1
Zhang managed to successfully conducted four mergers with other Chinese Internet companies to raise capital.	0
The Vamps were signed to Mercury Records in November 2012.	1
\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx \approx \tfrac{3h}{8}\left	0
In 1612 and again in the 19th Century it was rebuilt.	0
Unlike Facebook, there are no advertisements displayed over Google’s social network site, making the load time faster and overall keeping Google+ users from getting confused.	1
Weightlifting competitions at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London were held from 28 July to 7 August in the ExCeL venue.	0
In the Philippines, you can buy spaghetti at McDonald’s, where they also sell a “McDo” piece of chicken.	1
Middeldorf, Ulrich, Additions to the Work of Pierino da Vinci, The Burlington Magazine for Connoisseurs, Vol.	0
The sugar maple accounts for 14.2 percent of Syracuse's trees, followed by the Northern white cedar (9.8 percent) and the European buckthorn (6.8 percent).	0
You pee between one and two liters of urine every day.	1
In 2010, JLS signed an American record deal with Jive Records, and released ‘Everybody in Love’ as their debut US single.	1
Taylor played a rebellious teen called Haley Jones in an episode of CSI in 2009, because of her love for the TV show, she also did a CSI remix of her song “You’re Not Sorry“.	1
Legislation in the Isle of Man also defines the Crown in right of the Isle of Man as being separate from the Crown in right of the United Kingdom.	0
It is located from the center of Paris.	0
Besides the Protestant Huguenots who fled from France in the colonial era, there were some Protestants from Switzerland who came in the 19th century.	0
The saga is criticised however for ‘poor writing’, stripped down characters and the belief that Bella is a ‘damsel in distress’.	1
The characters portrayed show that a comedy is in progress.	0
Cool rice (凉飯; pinyin: liáng fàn): The steamed rice used to make the wine is quenched with cold water before further processing.	0
Armadillo shells have been traditionally used in making a South American lute instrument called a charango.	1
The forest is bounded on the north by the UCSF Medical Center and the stem-cell research building; on the south, by the Forest Knolls neighborhood, built in the late 1950s on land carved from the forest; and on the east by Cole Valley and related neighborhoods.	0
1999 - Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov, Russian mathematician, physicist, and mountaineer (b.	0
The song lyrics to ‘Blame it on the Mistletoe‘ tell the story of a couple who meet and strike up a relationship after kissing under the mistletoe.	1
In November 2009 the more than 1,701 (Thanksgiving Week, 2009) sea lions that had lived at the pier began to leave, and by late December 2009 nearly all were gone; a similar flux in population occurs annually, with the animals returning in the spring.	0
Her parents chose her name after being inspired by Princess Oriana from Felix the Cat.	1
Affected by the ongoing war in Croatia, the season was held over the course of a single calendar year, from February to June 1992.	0
Over the decades, according to The Times of India, the number of such films broadcast has decreased as channels report that audiences are oversaturated with patriotic films.	0
A spring closing type of bangle is used as both an adornment and a handy clip to hang things from.	0
Many Highland lairds complained of moss-troopers' cattle-stealing and of how they incurred military reprisals against the Highlands as a whole.	0
In 1788 Fuseli married Sophia Rawlins (originally one of his models), and he soon after became an associate of the Royal Academy.	0
National Film and Video Association, Oakland, California	0
In One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest (1975), a heated game of Monopoly occurs, after which cold water is thrown on the patients.	1
File:3 telephones at Brussels Midi-Zuid.jpg|Two imitation British red telephone boxes at Brussels-South railway station	0
However he said that "despite some early uncertainty, Ryan becomes a likable Sommers, leaving only the show's dark tone and relentless pace as potential problems."	0
It is important to use the same peak flow meter every time.	0
This could be represented by the descending chromatic passages in the C-sharp minor section.	0
O Pai Tirano, by António Lopes Ribeiro (1941)	0
Powers, Indiana, an unincorporated town in Jefferson Township, Jay County, Indiana, United States	0
In ancient Rome, gladiators were held in the highest respect, but one of the rarer sights were female gladiators or gladiatrix, a much less common fighter who had the same purpose as their male counterparts but have all but disappeared from history.	1
There are more than 500 million domestic cats around the globe, from around 40 known species!	1
Ralph Mercado, 67, American music promoter (RMM Records &amp; Video), cancer.	0
The International World Games Association (IWGA) President Ron Froehlich praised the July 16–26 games as the "best games ever."	0
Over 80% of the population is engaged in subsistence farming and animal husbandry.	0
29th January is National Puzzle Day.	1
Radical constructivism: A way of knowing and learning.	0
1996: Three trainload rail freight operators in the UK are united into a new WC subsidiary, English Welsh and Scottish Railway Holdings Ltd (EWS).	0
On November 6, 1995, Holmgren was fired and replaced by assistant coach and former Detroit Junior Red Wings head coach Paul Maurice.	0
Due to Soviet/Chinese tensions, the Chinese might have used nuclear weapons against either the United States or the Soviet Union in the event of a nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union .	0
Mirror with plaque, Cambridge Music, Cambridge.	0
He then rails against what he perceives as Phaedra's terrible crime.	0
The "silverites" argued that using silver would inflate the money supply and mean more cash for everyone, which they equated with prosperity.	0
He was also engaged in Munich, Amsterdam (Concertgebouw Orchestra) and Salzburg (Don Giovanni in 1925).	0
The National Basketball Association (NBA) was founded on June 6th, 1946.	1
They originally remained villainous characters, but in late 1999, around the time Rikishi Fatu joined the team, they turned into fan favorites due to growing fan popularity.	0
The basement housed Brush's private laboratory.	0
The investment chapter of the FTA provides clear definitions as to what investments are covered and gives cross-border investors assurances in order to make it as safe as if they were investing in their own country.	0
In the 80’s Lois Griffin starred in a pornographic movie called “A Quest For Fur”.	1
Bryan Cranston as Col. William Mortamus	0
For video games, see 1989 in video gaming.	0
dž → d (also dž under Lithuanian influence);	0
The planet Mars was named after the Roman God of War, because its colour resembles blood.	1
The Moshi Rural district is one of the seven districts of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.	0
Bismuth telluride is a semiconductor and an excellent thermoelectric material.	0
Britney Spears loves vanilla scented candles.	1
June – Crocus Technology and Tower Semiconductor announce deal to port Crocus' MRAM process technology to Tower's manufacturing environment	0
They make their homes amongst reefs.	1
, told by William Elliot Griffis in 1918	0
Ranbir Kapoor - Wake up Sid	0
Also out early were Salt Walther (his Indy record third last place finish), and Lloyd Ruby, both out with engine problems.	0
In either situation, bulls can be extremely dangerous.	1
The game was originally released in a cocktail-table arcade game format and was converted to cabinet format for the Western release.	1
Meissonier's "Napoleon I. in the Campaign of Paris", 12¼in.	0
The populations in three distribution ranges have been designated as subspecies; caurina for the populations in the Aravalli range, the south Kerala population stewarti and the nominate population of the rest of India.	0
She hears voices and seems so out of touch with reality that she doesn’t recognize her husband Robert (Mark Stevens).	0
For these reasons it may be necessary to perform DNA analysis to determine positively whether a scat is that of a cougar or another animal.	0
Brazil are currently the nation to boast the most World Cup wins, having won five.	1
In 2014, Nunavik throat singing (katajjaniq) has become the first cultural item to be given the intangible cultural heritage designation by the government of Quebec.	0
He continued to upload to YouTube, accompanied by Virginian rapper, Anth.	1
In July 2006, Todd Grisham was replaced as host by Josh Mathews.	0
Each year, your food and water exposes you to 3000 times more radiation than living next to a nuclear power plant.	1
Their long muzzle ends with a hyper sensitive nose, which is one hundred times better than a human’s.	1
It also shifted the socioeconomic makeup of the electorate towards the working class, favoring the Labour Party, who were more sympathetic to women's issues.	0
The 5th party congress of Synaspismós elected 33-year-old Alexis Tsipras, a municipal councillor for the municipality of Athens, as party president on 10 February 2008.	0
", literally "Are you coming with?"	0
Mostly Onondaga, the converted Iroquois at the mission became known as Oswegatchie.	0
Everybody knows him as Olly Alexander, but his full name is actually Oliver Alexander Thornton.	1
In their study of men emotionally abused by a wife/partner or parent, Hines and Malley-Morrison report that victims exhibit high rates of post traumatic stress disorder, drug addiction and alcoholism.	0
Rutherford B. Hayes: Rutherford B. Hayes was the first president to have a telephone and a typewriter in the White House, and began the tradition of the Easter Egg Roll of children on the White House Lawn.	1
It is part of the Romsdal region.	0
As such, tRNAs are a necessary component of protein translation, the biological synthesis of new proteins according to the genetic code.	0
In the pond is a bronze statue of a shivering giant, with cold water running down over his head, which represents either the month of January or the Apennine Mountains.	0
Other new terms are calques or new loanwords.	0
Experts are being invited to the program in order to analyze historical roots and the reasons behind the crystallization of the potential crisis.	0
Like the clotted cream and jam argument in Britain, the U.S. have a very strong feeling about whether you put peanut butter first or last when preparing the famous PB&amp;J, with 96% of people putting the jelly on after the peanut butter.	1
John's homilies on Saint Paul's Epistles proceed linearly, methodically treating the texts verse by verse, often going into great detail.	0
Make sure children are inside before dusk and not outside before dawn.	0
Cougars have a bad sense of smell, but fantastic night vision.	1
The world record for peeing is 508 seconds.	1
Guy was nominated for the 2005 NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for the role.	0
Ellis Island opened for immigration on January 1st, 1892.	1
Development of the Mega Drive/Genesis version started in 1993 at Virgin Games USA and with programming duties taken by David Perry, but the game, which was intended to be released within that year along with the Master System version, wasn't finished at time because of David Perry and most of the team moving away to form Shiny Entertainment.	0
Brake and tire dust are responsible for 32% of all driving-related particulate emissions.	1
Radio repeaters are also used extensively in broadcasting, where they are known as broadcast relay stations.	0
Pat O&apos;Brien&apos;s Bar is well known both for inventing the red cocktail, Hurricane, as well as having the first Dueling Piano Bar.	0
She was found with a large stone tied around her neck with telephone wire, a bullet through her head, and approximately a wagon load of rocks covering her body.	0
It lost a portion of its foreign assets in Central Europe and Norway.	0
TiO 2 -OII, cotunnite(PbCl 2 )-like	0
Furthermore, the fact that "throughout the novel the family is haunted by the fear of punishment in the form of the birth of a monstrous child with a pig's tail" can be attributed to this initial, and the recurring acts of incest among the Buendías.	0
1963 Glenda Collins – "If You Gotta Pick A Baby" b/w "In The First place" (Single)	0
After a kill, mountain lions will hide the portion of the carcass that they don’t eat and save it for later!	1
The Royal Society in London wrote in an obituary:	0
In 2009, the band received the NME Award for Godlike Genius.	1
Dung beetles are currently the only known non-human animal to navigate and orient themselves using the Milky Way.	1
He also established Anyang as the new capital of China.	0
Cheerios cereal was originally called Cheerioats	1
Sur les manuscrits les plus authentiques et les meilleurs imprimés du XVIe siècle, avec variantes, notes historiques et critiques, transcriptions en notation moderne, etc.	0
The 35-year-old former Duchess of Porto traveled to Portugal from Italy with the body of her late husband, and she arranged for its installation in the Braganza pantheon in the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora in Lisbon.	0
The two-volume set also features more than 1,000 illustrations and 55 maps.	0
The turtles are mainly herbivorous, eating fruits, flowers, leaves, bark and Pandanus roots, with the juveniles also eating insect larvae.	0
The following merger proposals have been made in recent years; most have since become inactive.	0
Sudhanoti (also spelled Sudhanuti) ( ) is one of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir in Pakistan.	0
If the visible disk of the nearer object is considerably smaller than that of the farther object, the event is called a transit.	0
Solomon Islands is a member of the United Nations, UNESCO, Commonwealth, South Pacific Commission, Pacific Islands Forum, International Monetary Fund, and the European Economic Community/African, Caribbean, Pacific Group (EEC/ACP)/(Lome Convention).	0
196037,6401977 sold to Yiannis Latsis, Piraeus, renamed Margarita L (Panama flag).	0
In 2005, a sheep in turkey committed suicide by jumping off a cliff and 1500 sheep followed!	1
Helsinki School of Economics, Helsinki, Finland	0
Anonymus Philosophus, Fidelissima et jucunda instructio patris ad filium ex manuscripto Gallico desumpta	0
City National Championships Columbus, United States Hard – 32S/16DVijay Amritraj 6–4, 7–5Bob LutzStan Smith Tom GormanJürgen Fassbender Bernard Mitton Jim Delaney Sherwood Stewart	0
Its seat is the town of Krosno Odrzańskie, which lies approximately west of Zielona Góra.	0
Article about the medieval stained glass in the Lady chapel http://www.vidimus.org/archive/issue_22_2008/issue_22_2008-03.html	0
Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame	0
Fran Drescher portrays Lois Griffin in the real life Griffins.	1
Some East Asian supermarkets (such as T&T Supermarket in Edmonton, Vancouver, Toronto and Calgary) will carry the version imported from China or Hong Kong.	0
In 7 months, 2.4 million pounds of gold was transported from Mount Alexander to nearby capital cities.	0
Einstein took great offense at Goldstein's having invited Cardinal Francis Spellman to participate in a fundraising event.	0
Lilly debuted her first book for the series in 2013.	1
She has also made brief appearances in such shows as The IT Crowd, Dispatches, Britain&apos;s Brightest and 1001 Things You Should Know.	0
This building, formerly located on 9th Street between Douglas and Farnam, served the Territorial Legislature for the sessions of 1855 and 1857.	0
Samsung means three stars in Korean, Lee Byung-Chull Samsung founder decided to use the name after his vision for a company as everlasting as the stars.	1
However, observations of cougars, particularly those close to areas of human use or residence, should be reported.	0
2 Boeing 747-300 (HS-VAB, HS-VAC, HS-VAN)	0
The oldest flamingo on record lived to 44 years old at the Philadelphia Zoo.	1
The Sun is over 300,000 times larger than Earth.	1
Herzog has written all his films, except these which he co-wrote:	0
Viciria pavesii Thorell, 1877 — Sulawesi	0
A common problem for beginners is being able to catch the wave at all.	0
for the 3rd district on the southern shores of Lake Biwa: Nobuhide Takemura, LDP, 1st term,	0
The city also hosts the Festival International de la Poésie – an international – as well as the Festival International Danse Encore, and the MetalFest de Trois-Rivières every November.	0
The population is projected to rise to 60,000 by 2020.	0
With the imminent threat of plague Parliament postponed re-opening until the 5 November 1605.	0
Brad turned down a role in Apollo 13 to be in Se7en.	1
The economy of modern Tobolsk centers on a major oil refinery.	0
Participating in this round are the 16 winners of the first round along with the 16 teams from 2012–13 Ekstraklasa.	0
Faye Gulini (born March 24, 1992) is a professional American snowboarder born in Salt Lake City, Utah.	0
In Dutch, "peanut butter" translates as "peanut cheese".	1
Pro surfer Joel Tudor is the first surfer to sign on with Vans’ apparel program.	1
Zebras form hierarchies with a Stallion (male) in the lead followed by his Harem (group of females) behind him.	1
According to his website, Lomas is a regular supporter of the Orkney International Science Festival, having lectured there, chaired sessions, and taken part in the school's support sessions over a period of eight years.	0
The youth heard my remark and laughed.	0
Too Much Coffee Man is an American satirical superhero created by cartoonist Shannon Wheeler, and which has appeared in comic strips, minicomics, webcomics, comic books, magazines, books, and operas.	0
Pierre (1369-1387), bishop of Metz and cardinal, beatified in 1527.	0
There have been over 70 million Sonic the Hedgehog games sold globally.	1
The same difficulty can be represented as a 'vicious infinite series' (infinite regress).	0
The Cure are an alternative rock band.	1
There is a practice in some hotels in Japan of folding the first square of the roll into origami shapes.	1
Epauletes worn are blue and have the star of life in the centre with the medical qualifiction on the ends.	0
Emmanuel & FauveLorie & ChristianTaïg & DenitsaAmel & ChristopheTaïg & DenitsaTaïg & DenitsaTaïg & Denitsa	0
In the clip, Agnetha waits at Tumba station for the train and ends up in the city.	0
Partly as a result of having access to thousands of reproduced images in the magazines left over from many of his installations, Mach began to experiment with producing collages.	0
A variety of fresh water turtle, hickatees are found in the fresh water and brackish ponds around the islands.	0
He is good friends with co-stars Simon Helberg and Kaley Cuoco.	1
Before X-Factor, Jaymi worked part-time as a singing and dancing teacher in Luton.	1
The Pedras de abalar, Galician for "oscillating stones", are several large stones that can easily be moved by a person or the wind in Galicia, Spain.	0
The Academy of Lille is a French educational district managed by a Vice-chancellor that gathers together schools of Nord-Pas-de-Calais.	0
If you open a conversation on Facebook Messenger and type ‘@fbchess play’, you can play a game of chess with your friend!	1
Later that year, he renounced to his office in the national leadership of PCB.	0
Pitcher of the Week award winners	0
Robert III of Auvergne (1136-1143) (also called Robert V)	0
Kirchenrecht, 1862), the politico-ecclesiastical relations of Spain and the Holy See (ibid., 1863–66), and the canon law of the Greeks to the end of the ninth century (ibid., 1870).	0
Matt Kenseth was involved in a wreck at lap 163 when Timmy Hill rear-ended into him after a caution was called for a spin by Cole Whitt.	0
Marco had also been working on new songs with his band Mos Eisley Rock, a few of which have appeared on different compilations.	0
Between 1851 and 1861, under the pseudonym "The New Poet", he published his monthly surveys of journalism and of life in St Petersburg in Sovremennik.	0
When asked about their bad habits, Alexander said that he bites his nails and grinds his teeth, while Türkmen disclosed that he is prone to stressing out.	1
Geodude are often shown to be floating, however it cannot have the Levitate Ability, and it can’t learn Magnet Rise.	1
Matt Watcher developed a concussion from frequent head-banging on stage.	1
In 2013, 1.7 million people sent Santa letters, that’s the highest percentage of over 8 million letters sent worldwide.	1
Justin has been a victim of cyber bullying.	1
In the past we have written dance music so to write music for a ballet seems like a logical development.	0
This project in turn was divided into many separate, but identically classified, projects, one of which was Project Polaris, which was a radar, photographic (trimetrogon, or three-angle, cameras) and visual study of the entire Canadian Archipelago.	0
nautical dawn) and EENT (end evening nautical twilight, i.e.	0
is Zatch Bell's bully at the playground who aims to make Zatch crunch as much as possible.	0
When Picasso was 13 years old, his father quit painting because he thought his son was already a better painter than himself.	1
Each one of these fundamental principles are discussed and explained by Jain Scholars in depth.	0
^ Qi, J.; Shi, Q.; Wang, G.; Li, Z.; Sun, Q.; Hua, Y.	0
Depending on breed, on average, 16% of mares have double ovulations, allowing them to twin, this does not affect the length of time of estrus or diestrus.	0
1 also contained previously unreleased studio, live and/or re-mixed tracks.	0
Russell in turn sued Ross for defamatory libel on December 2, 1912.	0
During the 11th century the Seljuk Turks grew in number and were able to occupy the eastern province of the Abbasid Empire.	0
The design is intended to confuse the opposition's quarterback and frustrate its blocking schemes.	0
Toe discs are large and the toes are webbed.	0
Sora (Kingdom Hearts), the main protagonist in the Kingdom Hearts series	0
Two were leased to the Argentine Navy during the Falklands War due to the retirement of their last SP-2H Neptune and until the introduction of modified L-188 Electras.	0
Emilie Simon: Emilie Simon Live bonus (Barclay 2004)	0
Lost National final 6-2 to Prince Albert Raiders (SJHL).	0
He is best known for his totally abstract prints with broad areas of rich dense color.	0
People become more anxious about their looks after staring in a mirror for a long period of time.	1
El cine de "las historias de la revolución" (Grupo Editor Altamira, 2002)	0
The chemical symbol for gold is Au, from the Latin word aurum meaning "shining dawn" and from Aurora, the Roman goddess of the dawn.	1
When Roberts first arrived on the Grand Prix scene, motorcycle racers were competing for as little prize money as $200, at venues such as Imatra in Finland that featured railroad crossings and hay bales wrapped around telephone poles.	0
The creator of The Sims; Will Wright, created the game after experiencing a tragic house fire in 1991 left him with a vision of a game surrounding a “virtual dollhouse” and the franchise was born.	1
The following day, propellers are removed from Japanese aircraft as part of surrender agreement.	0
Together with Miloš Hrazdíra, he is the most successful rider of the Tour de Slovaquie, which he won in 1976, 1980 and 1985.	0
She graduated high school in 2009, a year early then expected.	1
While the strike lasted, there was increased shipments to Luleå.	0
In the same year he carried a bill regulating and improving the proceedings of the law courts.	0
Group member Normani was actually quite the celebrated gymnast and dancer in her younger years as well as a model gracing many magazines.	1
A Bichiya is a wedding ring unlike the rest of the worlds; the jewelry is worn on the toe.	1
The sale of Nazi memorabilia is prohibited in Argentina, Austria and many other countries in the world.	1
The ship was the first carrier of the French Navy.	0
Many farmers use mist-producing devices to maintain proper moisture in the air and/or soil.	0
In 1998 Crocker joined Possum Bourne's team, Subaru Rally Team Australia as the team's Number 2 driver and driver of the team's Group N Impreza while Bourne drove the team's World Rally Car.	0
Meyer had no previous writing experience before Twilight (2005).	1
In the anime, Ash’s Pikachu is also the only Pokémon in the entire series that has been able to defeat two legendary Pokémon.	1
He died aged 55 from cancer, in his hometown of Lisbon.	0
Though FAW was the fourth Chinese automaker to take on Western partners, its early joint venture with Volkswagen in 1990 saw it become the second Chinese auto company to develop a strong cooperative relationship with a foreign counterpart.	0
After successful title defenses against Shuji Ishikawa and Sanshiro Takagi, he lost the title back to Kodaka on January 3, 2012.	0
In captivity, giant pandas can live up to 35 years, but only 15 the wild.	1
Similarly, the lifts of building are also decorated with maritime references, in the form of gilded emblems representing the globe, seahorses and anchors.	0
Uruguay were the hosts for the first ever World Cup in 1930 and they also went on to win the tournament.	1
In his early school years, he showed an interest in art and practiced by drawing his versions of popular video game characters.	1
During this fruitful time in the early to mid-1980s, Laswell was able to record some of his Material excursions (which ran the gamut from experimental jazz/funk to pop and R&B, featuring everyone from avant-jazz figures Henry Threadgill and Sonny Sharrock to Archie Shepp and pop star Whitney Houston) as well as projects such as Massacre, with Fred Frith and Fred Maher.	0
In order to implement these environmentally friendly pest control agents effectively, it can be important to pay attention to the way they are formulated and applied.	0
During the construction of the Lötschberg line, there were several fatal accidents.	0
Steven Yeun likes to play guitar.	1
In 1878 the first telephone book made contained only 50 names	1
Zahl also said tried the water inside and said it was cooler than the water in his canteen.	0
Alfred Butts decided on the frequency and distribution of the letter tiles through analysing the front page of the New York Times.	1
Istanbul Atatürk Airport Sabiha Gökçen International Airport	0
Shawn has said before he would love to collaborate with Ed Sheeran, Justin Bieber, Logic and Eminem.	1
The human body is better suited for 2 four-hour sleep cycles than 1 eight-hour session!	1
Her heritage is Dominican and Trinidadian – her father being Dominican, and her mother being Trinidadian.	1
He was born on 21st November in 1992.	1
A Drake fan got his name tattooed across her forehead in capital letters, a move which Drake was not a fan of.	1
Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1961 (1972, 1979)	0
The company announced several restructurings during those years and managed to stave off bankruptcy, but continued to incur major losses.	0
"All Is Full of Love" (Guy Sigsworth mix) – 4:22	0
He is best known for his role as Josh Trager in the ABC Family channel program Kyle XY.	0
British troops were called redcoats during the battle.	1
In the novel Splinter of the Mind’s Eye (1978), Darth Vader and Luke duel, and Luke cuts off Vader’s right arm.	1
Within months of Vineing, Shawn had a following of millions of subscribers, as well as millions of views on each of his videos.	1
About 20.0% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 26.4% of those age 65 or over.	0
These boat dwellers are now referred to in China as "on-water people" ( ), or "Nam Hoi Yan" ( ).	0
There are over 600 types of pasta, and some have over 1300 names.	1
The great horned owl has no sense of smell.	1
In 1974, the Anchor Company was sold and merged into the Union Company.	0
Danny Strong's screenplay was inspired by the 2008 Washington Post article.	0
Toulouse school shootingToulouse, FranceMarch 192012523-year-old Islamist terrorist and antisemitic Mohammed Merah opened fire at a Jewish day school, killing three schoolchildren and a teacher.	0
In the wild, they will often fight each other over mating rights and their herds of cows and will use their horns to gore each other.	0
After AB InBev gave the Fenton, MO stadium Anheuser-Busch Center, also known as "Soccer Park," to Cooper's organization in early 2009, rumors of Athletica moving there began to surface.	0
On 31 March 1995, UNPROFOR was restructured into three coordinated peace operations.	0
As a recent review of the literature concludes, “ he ineffectiveness of sheltered workshops for helping individuals progress to competitive employment is well established.”	0
After moving to L.A., he learned to perfect the American accent.	1
The Rybak or Ribak literally means "fisherman" in some Slavic languages.	0
Buckland also suspected that the spiral markings on the fossils indicated that ichthyosaurs had spiral ridges in their intestines similar to those of modern sharks, and that some of these coprolites were black with ink from swallowed belemnites.	0
A man named Bob and Microsoft came to an agreement over internet domains after Bob owned “windows2000.com” and Microsoft owned “Bob.com”.	1
On eBay, there is an average of $680 worth of transactions every second.	1
He goes upstairs and shoots Dick in the back, mouthing "Dick, ?"	0
Practical nurses who had been functioning as such at the time new standards were adopted usually granted a license by waiver, and exempt from new training requirements.	0
The capital city of Saint Lucia is Castries.	1
In some fisheries for Nephrops norvegicus over muddy or sandy bottoms haddock is taken as a bycatch.	0
In February 2009, following a €738m loss in the previous year, Metrovacesa's owners were forced to hand control to its creditor banks, swapping a 55% stake for a cancellation of €2.1bn of loans which it could neither repay nor refinance.	0
The five members of One Direction are Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne and Zayn Malik.	1
The “Pinky Promise” originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.	1
This breed has been used in creating several hybrid beef breeds such as Beefmaster, Brahmousin, Brangus, Simbrah, and Brahford.	0
All plant parts are poisonous, but once the plant is dried, the poison is greatly reduced, although not gone completely.	0
St Matthew's Cathedral in Cambridge (Independent Anglican Church Canada Synod)	0
Juan de Tolosa, explorer, conquistador and one of the founders of Zacatecas	0
The Jaguarão or Yaguarón River (Portuguese Rio Jaguarão, Spanish Río Yaguarón) is a Brazilian and Uruguayan river.	0
Zayn Malik didn’t have a passport before he was on X Factor.	1
The Wells Constituency will next be contested in the UK General Election to be held on Thursday 7th May 2015.	0
Facal, Joseph Volonté politique et pouvoir médical : la naissance de l'assurance maladie au Québec et aux États-Unis / Joseph Facal.	0
1715 A census mentions 29 Hungarian families.	0
"Jamaica Jazz" – (unused in the film, an instrumental of "Jump Up")	0
In 1926, his family moved to Kharkov.	0
In 2001, a huge dust storm covered the entire planet for several Earth days.	1
The babies are fed milk twice a day.	0
On 5 May 1956 she broke the world record in high jump in Belfast with a jump of 1.74 meters, breaking the record of 1.73 meters set by Aleksandra Chudina of the USSR on 22 May 1954.	0
Its seat is the village of Łopiennik Górny, which lies approximately north-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.	0
So Andrea da Grosseto was the first to intend to use vernacular as a national unifying language from the North to the South of the entire Peninsula.	0
"Take Me to the Mardi Gras" by Bob James	0
Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History, 211:1–138.	0
Both boxers fought a smart fight; however, observers thought the decision controversial.	0
The Hawaiian alphabet has 13 letters	1
On August 26, 2011 Busch won the Nationwide Series Food City 250 at Bristol Motor Speedway, surpassing Mark Martin for the most Nationwide series wins ever, with 50, and also simultaneously became the first driver to win three consecutive races at Bristol Motor Speedway in the Nationwide Series.	0
Light from the Earth takes just 1.255 seconds to reach the Moon!	1
Voyage dans l’Île de Rhodes et description de cette Île.	0
Several terms as Catania Municipal Councillor with responsibility for budget, planning, health, cultural heritage, youth issues, taxation	0
At the start of the 2009–10 NHL Season, he moved back to analyzing games for CBC's Hockey Night in Canada.	0
All three albums had sleeve designs by artist John Byrne.	0
2012 : Dime si ahora, feat.	0
Thursday is the name of a six-piece post-hardcore rock band from America who formed in 1997.	1
Members individually practice any kind of meditation or other spiritual practice they choose.	0
Kim Kardashian posed nude in the December 2007 issue of Playboy magazine.	1
the whole project smells like high-gloss sitcom."	0
Browns Bay at the tip of Islandmagee offers camping and caravanning.	0
Subspeciesficaria has a wide distribution throughout the British Isles, becoming scarcer in Scotland.	1
The Polka-Dot Loach become aggressive when not around fish of their own kind.	1
Wesley studied at the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies, Performing and Visual Arts.	1
The carrier also formerly operated the following aircraft:	0
They agree to keep Hugo's death a secret and keep the money for themselves.	0
The South African Party was quick to form an alliance with the pro-British Unionist Party (25 seats) and Jan Smuts was reappointed prime minister.	0
Companion of the Liberation (14 July 1941)	0
The first was based on the Pontiac Banshee.	0
Most toilet paper sold for home use in France is pink.	1
For the Germanic tribes, although for the moment checked, the Marcomannic wars were only the prelude of the great invasions that would eventually disassemble and end the Western Roman Empire in the 4th and 5th centuries.	0
The distributor is optional in this situation; large online shops may pay the labels directly, but digital distributors do exist to service vendors large and small.	0
‘Songs in A Minor‘ in 2001 propelled Keys to stardom all around the world making her the best selling new artist of that year.	1
Shawn loves swimming, but hates deep water.	1
His tour in 2015 was called RV Project and involved fans meeting him and getting a selfie for $20.	1
Myyrmäki Church is the main church of the parish.	0
"Yesterday" is a song originally recorded by the Beatles for their 1965 album Help!.	0
Whilst non-invasive devices using radiation have been postulated, invasive cybernetic implants are likely to become available sooner and be more accurate.	0
In 1807 Waldsee was elevated the status of township, and the city grew in prominence during this period.	0
De Administrando Imperio was written between 948 and 952.	0
Tootoo played Bantam AA hockey in Spruce Grove, Alberta.	0
● 1973-1986: He was also instrumental in the formation of several Tibetan initiatives in North America such U.S. Tibet Committee, Tibetan Associations across the U.S., and Tibet House.	0
Following the completion of his Leaving Certificate, Walsh attended University College Cork (UCC) where he joined the university's hurling team.	0
In advanced packet radio wireless networks such as HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access ) 3.5G cellular system, channel-dependent scheduling may be used to take advantage of channel state information.	0
Euripides has aroused and continues to arouse strongly contrasting opinions of his work, for and against:	0
To decide which therapies to participate in, visitors consulted Rajneesh or made selections according to their own preferences.	0
He calls William, an older soldier, who believes that Libertine is a man, while the young boy says she is a girl.	0
Meg was born with a tail!	1
Ignatius Paul Pollaky (1828-1918) – private investigator/detective who moved to England in 1850 and became known as "Paddington" Pollaky - mentioned in Gilbert &amp; Sullivan's "Patience" (Act 1).	0
Raichu can grow to be 2 feet 7 inches (or 0.8 metres) tall, and can weigh up to 66.1 pounds (or 30 kilos).	1
The lotus flower is deeply imbibed with symbolism of Indian philosophy.	0
* - input data is captured on rising edge of SCLK	0
The goliath frog is the largest frog in the world and can grow up to 12.5inch (32cm) in length, and weigh up to 7.2 pounds (3.3kg).	1
In 2014 Bing, the Microsoft search engine, accurately predicted that the World Cup Final would be Argentina v Germany.	1
Red dye insects: Cochineal, Kermes vermilio, Polish cochineal	0
Later, in 1968, Ball asked Berry to guest star on The Lucy Show, where he played a bank client needing a loan to start a dance studio.	0
One of these piers was the world-famous Casino Pier, home to a 1913 circa merry-go-round, the Niagara Falls log flume and the Jet Star roller coaster.	0
Although many of these press are funded by the school, the students press has a significant amount of say amongst the student body.	0
Cat News (Special Issue 1): 4–8.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)	0
Episodes 2 and 3 were released together on a single CD-ROM.	0
Electabuzz evolves into Electivire when traded holding an Electirizer.	1
She became a United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2001.	1
Belliqueuse carried of coal which allowed the ship to steam for at a speed of .	0
Briefly: sugars and alcohol enhance a wine's sweetness; acids (sourness) and bitter tannins counteract it.	0
The ten largest recorded earthquakes have all been megathrust earthquakes; however, of these ten, only the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake is simultaneously one of the deadliest earthquakes in history.	0
A nephroid may be created as an envelope of lines.	0
In 2013, Dutch airline giant KLM even decided to get in on the fun, changing the font on their website to Comic Sans and offering people named C. Sans the chance to win free plane tickets!	1
Guavas contain 4 times more fiber than a pineapple and 4 times more vitamin C than an orange.	1
The name “Yosemite” translates to “killer” in Miwok, which is a Native American language.	1
Sjøvegan is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Salangen in Troms county, Norway.	0
After that, Sanders moved back with his mother in Henryville, and went to work as a laborer on the Pennsylvania Railroad.	0
Some worker ants are given the job of cleaning trash or unwanted items from the nest and taking them outside to designated trash piles – Ants are so clean!	1
Fifty Shades of Grey is the first book in the Fifty Shades trilogy.	1
The Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians created this category for the purpose of providing an equivalent to first-class cricket, to allow the generation of career records and statistics for comparable one-day matches.	0
Only 4 out of 20,000 species of bees produce honey	1
Legace was named to Team Canada for the 1994 Winter Olympics, where he served as a backup goalie, and won a silver medal.	0
Despite being mostly legal, alcohol is a drug.	1
The average person has 10,000 taste buds	1
Szűr is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	0
There are 124 playable two-letter words in the English (language) game, containing every letter in the alphabet except for V.	1
She is the physically strongest female member of the Gilgamesh.	0
Greek Catholic church records (births/marriages/deaths): 1812-1904 (parish B)	0
They also eat flowers, insects, herbs, and decayed wood, as well as bark and sap.	1
Jamie Spencer (born 8 June 1980) is an Irish flat racing jockey currently riding in the UK.	0
The ancient Greeks first grew carrots as a form of medicine and not a food	1
Some PAVN units were able to withdraw into Laos, and Hill 937 was secured by 17:00.	0
He stood at 5′ 10″ tall (1.78m).	1
The median age was 37 years.	0
Phil Knight, one of the co-founders, wanted to change the name to ‘Dimension 6’, but in the end, Nike was the preferred of the two potential names.	1
Although the battle is called “the Battle of Bunker Hill”, most of the fighting took place on Breed’s Hill.	1
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.	1
The new logo was born in 1998 and is now a world renowned fast food icon.	1
Hamide Bıkçın Tosun suspended her active fighting sports life in the years 1996 and 1997.	0
Lock objects implement application-level locking when changing data.	0
Karmen's own work has been watched all around the world and has even been used in the western media.	0
Tourette's was once considered a rare and bizarre syndrome, most often associated with the exclamation of obscene words or socially inappropriate and derogatory remarks (coprolalia), but this symptom is present in only a small minority of people with Tourette's.	0
Enrico Fermi à Padoue in Italy;	0
As of 2018, Aaron Paul’s net worth is $16 million dollars.	1
In Japan, and possibly America, Black Buns exist as an alternate to the plain and apparently unappealing brown bun.	1
When you remember a past event, you are actually remembering the last time you remembered it, not the event itself.	1
David Ricken (born 1952), American Roman Catholic bishop	0
Granila is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.	0
The Belgian band Sttellla wrote a song about Torremolinos (simply called "Torremolinos"), which is their biggest hit to date.	0
During the 1980s, Drescher found moderate success as a character actress with memorable roles in films such as Gorp (1980), The Hollywood Knights (1980), Doctor Detroit (1983), The Big Picture (1989), UHF (1989), Cadillac Man (1990), and memorably in This Is Spinal Tap (1984) as publicist Bobbi Fleckman.	0
To combat this problem, proposals were made for warships to protect American shipping, resulting in the Naval Act of 1794.	0
He adopted Kujō Yukinori's son who became known as Nijō Munemoto.	0
The state must justify the seizure by showing that the officer conducting the stop had a reasonable articulable suspicion that criminal activity was afoot.	0
She married her partner, Jacob Fishel, in 2006.	1
Scotland offers free water for all of its citizens.	1
Baker &amp; McKenzie, law firm based in the US	0
The line was refurbished from 1992 to 1995.	0
His full name is Benjamin Hayes Grier and he was born in New York, USA.	1
India has the lowest divorce rate even with arranged marriages still being the most common type of marriage.	1
She trained at the London Hospital in Whitechapel.	1
Coffee is generally roasted between 204 - 218C (400 - 425F) (the longer the beans are roasted the darker the roast)	1
According to NKVD veteran Igor Schors, the choice was sealed by the connection between the Scherhorn family and Hitler: in the early 1930s Scherhorn's father made substantial donations to the Nazi Party.	0
One review remarked his book La Religion Védique D'après Les Hymnes Du Rig-Veda as "an acute, careful, and comprehensive work by an able scholar."	0
The radioactive potassium-40 in every banana emits about 15 particles of antimatter a day.	1
Had he won, Ambrose would have joined Jeff Gordon and Mark Martin as the only drivers in NASCAR history to win three consecutive races at the Glen.	0
Put more simply, attitudes are basic expressions of approval or disapproval, favorability or unfavorability, or as Bem put it, likes and dislikes.	0
You give them to the government, and the government then gives you some milk.	0
Private (later Corporal) James Hutchinson, Great War	0
Jes has previously edited the Battle Games in Middle-earth magazine.	0
Alicia Keys is the ambassador and co-founder of a non-profit organization called ‘Keep a Child Alive‘, providing medicines in Africa for HIV and AIDS.	1
It was examined by Scrivener and Bloomfield.	0
If more prey of a higher quality is available, more nutrients are available to the leopards, and so the growth potential is higher.	0
During the Middle Ages, Kenz was an important destination of pilgrimages.	0
Before Little Mix, Leigh-Anne used to work as a waitress at Pizza Hut.	1
The juice of a lemon contains 5% of citric acid.	1
According to his mother, he is the master at loosing things.	1
Originally published under the title Rope Burns, the stories have since been republished under the film's title.	0
This disgust with Basini's passivity ultimately leads him to almost off handedly stand up to Beineberg and Reiting.	0
The Mexica, founders and dominant group of the Aztec Empire, were one of the first people in the world to have mandatory education for nearly all children, regardless of gender, rank, or station.	1
List of archdeacons in the Church in Wales	0
Chopper (film), a 2000 Australian semi-autobiographical film by and about Mark Brandon "Chopper" Read	0
Lickitung‘s name was misspelled “Likitung” in the Kanto Pokérap.	1
Over 97% of farms and ranches are family owned	0
A free agent, Larsen was invited to the Buffalo Sabres training camp for the 2009–10 season before signing with AHL affiliate, the Portland Pirates on September 12, 2009.	0
Zayn had two other cats when he was younger, called Lolo and Lily.	1
Although the license are holded by other distribution, but the license still are handled by NBCUniversal.	0
On January 1st, 1801, the Union Jack flag was flown for the first time in Dublin to commemorate the union between Great Britain and Ireland.	1
Catalogue of North American Reptiles in the Museum of the Smithsonian Institution.	0
A tricolour coat is a pattern of some shade of black or brown, some shade of red often called tan, and some white.	0
Wagner: Tristan und Isolde, Sep. 2005, Royal Opera House Covent Garden conducted by Antonio Pappano, EMI Classics	0
UTEP celebrated its 90th anniversary the next year with the Miners football team going to the Houston Bowl, and the men's basketball team made its 15th NCAA Tournament appearance.	0
There are 844 dialects in India of the total 17 major languages spoken.	1
In July 2011, she signed a one-year endorsement deal with Bank of America.	0
In Texas, cougars are listed as nuisance wildlife and any person holding a hunting or a trapping permit can kill a cougar regardless of the season, number killed, sex or age of the animal.	0
"Leopard shot in Bilaspur turns out to be a record breaker".	0
This date was evidently obtained by reckoning back from the foundation of Thurii (444 BC), since there was a tradition that Lysias had gone there at the age of fifteen.	0
As a result of this high eccentricity, the planet's distance from its star varies from 0.03 to 0.88 AU.	0
The tour bus driver saw Luke Hemmings fully naked within an hour of meeting him!	1
The film has made 588 separate sets and the biggest among them was the Ministry of Magic.	1
Adult leopards are solitary and territorial and will only associate long enough to mate.	1
By this point Chris Barnes had made Six Feet Under his main priority.	0
The leader of the Haredi Jews in Palestine at the time, Rabbi Yosef Chaim Sonnenfeld chose de Haan to organize and represent the Haredi position as their foreign minister, on a diplomatic level equal to that of the secular Zionists.	0
80% of people remain quiet even when they really want to say something in order to avoid an argument with someone they care about.	1
They founded a monastery and a church dedicated to Nuestra Señora del Pilar with a cemetery attached.	0
In the decades after the war, the island continued to become one of the preferred areas of new settlers coming from the overpopulated provinces in the Philippines in search of the new land.	0
The 120SRAM has a navigation and positioning system, power gun drives and integrated with an automatic fire control system, which require just a 3-person crew to operate the weapon.	0
The most common apartment size was the 6 room apartment of which there were 75.	0
Frank Miller is generally credited with restoring Batman to his old gritty self with “The Dark Knight Returns.” This was a four-issue series published in 1986, where an aged Batman comes out of retirement, joined by a new Robin, to clean up the streets of a Gotham run amok.	1
Unseld took the Bullets franchise to four NBA Finals, and won the championship in 1978 over the Seattle SuperSonics, in which he was named the Finals MVP.	0
Lars Fox – Digital Editing, Editing	0
Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology, 62(1), 35–40.	0
The first team to score the requisite number of points as determined by the competitive format wins the game.	0
After his career in the United States ended, he revealed that he was functionally illiterate, despite having studied at Oklahoma State University for four years.	0
He was inducted onto the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1999.	1
In 2009 he was awarded the inaugural Heath Ledger Scholarship by Australians in Film.	0
He competed in Formula One for 14 seasons, twice finishing 3rd overall in the championship.	0
Skin grafting is patching of a defect with skin that is removed from another site in the body.	0
Gray is known both for his clean singing and trademark screams and growls.	0
Both "Wepa" and "Hotel Nacional" achieved number one on Billboard Latin Songs and on Billboard Dance/Club Chart.	0
He compels Ching to steal newborn babies as part of his supernatural scheme to provide China with a new king.	0
The properties of the nickel-plated strings make it a good choice for flattop guitars with sound hole-mounted magnetic pickups.	0
In the absence of any clear criteria for inclusion or exclusion, the whole exercise was arbitrary.	0
It is not run under the supervision of UEFA or an individual national association.	0
The city's population was 298,224 at the Indonesia Census of 2010.	0
All of his work - from the carefully detailed memorial Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Museum at the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad to Kanchanjunga Apartment tower in Mumbai, the Jawahar Kala Kendra in Jaipur, the planning of Navi Mumbai, MIT'S Brain and Cognitive Sciences Centre in Boston, and most recently, the Champalimad Centre for the Unknown in Lisbon, places special emphasis on prevailing resources, energy and climate as major determinants in the ordering of space.	0
exceeds the all-India average of 74%.	0
^ a b "Eastern Cougar Fact Sheet".	0
During the reforms of Justinian I (r. 527–565), the province was split up: the northern districts with Martyropolis went to the new province of Armenia IV, while the remainder was divided into two civil and ecclesiastical districts, one (the region south of the Tigris) with capital at Amida and the other (the region of Tur Abdin) with capital at Dara.	0
Normani actually survived Hurricane Katrina in 2005, locating to Houston, Texas with her family.	1
Vincent was his first film – a six-minute black and white stop-motion short.	1
The longest glacier in Antarctica, the Lambert glacier, is 250 miles long and 40 miles wide!	1
Ovid in Book 14, lines 812-828, of the Metamorphoses gives a description of the deification of Romulus and his wife Hersilia, who are given the new names of Quirinus and Hora respectively.	0
Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $25,313 for females.	0
During the Civil War, the Confederate Army successfully invaded New Mexico.	0
Toronto FC, as a Canadian-based MLS team, is not eligible to compete in the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, and instead contested the Canadian Championship with the two Canadian-based teams in the Division-2 Pro League, Vancouver Whitecaps and Montreal Impact.	0
Italy produces 1,432,990 tons of pasta a year.	1
Cam’s career started in September 2013, when he posted Vines of himself playing pranks on his family and friends.	1
Andrei Sakharov described many details&mdash;as soon as the engines were fired, most of the personnel there ran to the perimeter but were trapped inside the security fence and then engulfed in the fireball of burning fuel.	0
university is Pan-African in design and spirit.	0
In 1819, he also became editor of the Allgemeines Reportorium der neuesten in- und ausländischen Litteratur (Reports on the latest in domestic and foreign literature).	0
Both he and his brother Peter were fishermen by trade, hence the tradition that Jesus called them to be his disciples by saying that he will make them "fishers of men" (Greek: , halieĩs anthrōpōn).	0
The Fifth Fleet, under the command of the Bothan Admiral Nek Bwau'tu, had blockaded the Choke because of an attempted Jedi mediation mission to the Utegetu Nebula.	0
The Lotus is even believed to have given birth to the sun.	1
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.	1
These texts were adopted by several churches.	0
Financing the first ordnance survey of Jerusalem in 1864, to improve its sanitation	0
It opened on July 13, 1951 and was designed as a temporary attraction for the Linnanmäki park, opened in 1950.	0
His official Twitter page is @TomTheWanted.	1
Dorothy and friends must try and stop her before she destroys the Emerald City.	0
^ a b Steyn, V.; Funston, P.J.	0
The principle of compositionality states that in a meaningful sentence, if the lexical parts are taken out of the sentence, what remains will be the rules of composition.	0
Organised the evacuation of Basque children during the Spanish Civil War.	0
The crash occurred in one of the most up-scale districts of Mexico City, and only 1 kilometer from the Presidential Residence, Los Pinos.	0
Police had difficulty determining whether the demonstration met the guidelines of protected free speech.	0
Pasarell won a titanic first set, 24-22, then with daylight fading, the 41-year-old Gonzales argued that the match should be suspended.	0
Homer is the father of Bart, Lisa and Maggie Simpson.	1
Psychologically - the scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.	1
Originally, chickens were domesticated for the use of cockfighting.	1
Its campus (Katafuchi Campus) has been used by the Faculty of Economics, Nagasaki University.	0
The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.	1
Fairchild (Corey) is an idealist who doesn't believe in killing.	0
While Dennis is toasting marshmallows, one catches fire.	0
Unlike many other ancient buildings, the Pantheon has been in continuous use throughout its history.	0
Hook was a co-founder of the seminal post-punk band Joy Division along with Bernard Sumner in the mid-1970s.	0
There is widespread agreement that all three belong to the same inscription, and that B1 and B2 belong together.	0
In 1991 Wayne Allwine, the voice of Mickey Mouse, married Russi Taylor—the voice of Minnie!	1
The stolen gold was returned to Kuwait.	0
Moreover, the EPIC website claims that P3Ps protocol would become burdensome for the browser and not as beneficial or efficient as it was intended to be.	0
Afterwards they negotiated with some of the Salonica bombers to ask them to give up the attacks as dangerous to the liberation movement, or at least to wait for the impending uprising.	0
Mother hens teach their chicks what to eat and what to avoid.	1
Zac Efron is James’ male celebrity crush!	1
The flight is a characteristic "flap flap, glide", but is sometimes seen soaring in migration, and is capable of considerable, sustained, horizontal speed in pursuit of prey with speeds of reported.	0
Cómpeta residents are diverse in both culture and nationality, with many residents originating from other countries across Europe such as the UK and other Northern European countries including Germany, Denmark, The Netherlands and Norway.	0
It starts from the Cowries and ends at the Credit Cards.	0
Horses are susceptible to laminitis from exposure to black walnut wood in bedding.	0
The Gombe Chimpanzee War was fought between two large tribes of chimps between 1974 and 1978.	1
The pumpkin originated in Mexico about 9,000 years ago.	1
Niedergesteln has a population ( ) of .	0
A Jersey cow weighs between 700 and 1,000 pounds.	0
In the late 1970s, the administration began to negotiate solutions to labor disputes between unions and industries rather than silencing the workers through violence, which had been characteristic of the previous two presidencies.	0
Portions of Invaders were re-edited, and the original U. S.	0
With the Lights Out received generally positive reviews from music critics, many of whom saw it as a valuable glimpse into the band's musical evolution.	0
Zapdos is a dual-type Electric/Flying Legendary Pokémon.	1
Child had been trained by Whall and would try to bring Whall’s principles to a new generation of Irish artists.	0
Medal of Honor, Midwest National Band and Orchestra Association	0
The most important crop is rice, while other important products are peanuts and cassava.	0
Z. carinata) and parts of North America (e.g.	0
Félix continúa con las mentiras (2011-08-23; rating: 12.3)	0
"On va tout perdre" (Lacrim feat.	0
Argas africolumbae Hoogstraal, Kaiser, Walker, Ledger, Converse & Rice, 1975	0
The idea is that the hard work builds character, though it is likely that there is a desire to keep them too busy, and too tired, to start playing around and experimenting with the Power.	0
According to Nayyar, his name means “one who sees beauty in everything” and it comes from a Himalayan bird known as the Painted Snipe.	1
The latter type included artificial deformation of the skull, filing and incrustation of the teeth, and tattooing of the face.	0
Females signal their readiness to mate by yowling or caterwauling.	0
You can only see a rainbow if you have your back to the sun	1
In 2004, Susan and Michael Dell were among 53 contributors of $250,000 each (the maximum legal donation) to the second inauguration of President George W. Bush.	0
Arctic and Antarctic trace their names to the simple meanings of “Bears” and “Opposite the Bears”.	1
What saves the day is the steady march of scintillating cameos from actors who bring out the best in Allen's barbed dialogue."	0
He was president of the association Logement et Promotion Sociale between 1968 and 1978.	0
One of her favourite items of clothing she likes to wear is a pair of cowboy boots.	1
In an interview with Ariana’s manager, Scooter Braun, he said that Ariana, despite her difficulties, “is one the nicest people I’ve ever met and really just so charming”.	1
Sometime later, the devil, apparently under the evil influence of the blood wine, murders his personal religious teacher and escapes into the "gate of ghosts," presumably being reborn into another existence.	0
Kevin commits himself to helping Violet overcome her stage fright so that she can sell her music.	0
African elephants only have 4 teeth!	1
The Rosses were outnumbered and after a short battle the two sides parleyed and the Rosses withdrew realising that further resistance was useless.	0
Some crows in particular regions have responded to calls from other species of animals.	1
Devon Bull gained one pound for each 5.22 pounds of 60% TDN ration consumed.	0
The mountain lion goes by many names, including cougar, catamount, panther, red tiger, deer tiger, and puma.	1
Although by the mid-1960s Canberras and the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm were able to deliver nuclear weapons, their carrying power was insignificant compared to the 180 Victor and Vulcan bombers.	0
The coupé body, which has gullwing doors, was designed by former Brabham Formula One engineer Max Boxstrom and gives the car a Cd of 0.28.	0
(1865), a eulogistic life by Persigny and Joseph Delaroa.	0
Marijuana is the most powerful drug in slowing down growth of cancer cells.	1
Her favorite subject in school was science.	1
In 1997, they renamed themselves Starfish.	1
She hails from Hartford Connecticut, in the United States.	1
In his lecturer on Surveying and Cartography at Cambridge University, Hinks put forward this theory when discussing the subject of determining positions near the Pole.	0
Red dot sight, type of firearm reflector sight that uses a red light emitting diode to generate a red aiming dot	0
He resolved to kill Arnulf himself as a reward for his alliance, but the latter ... fled to his own people and lived for twenty years afterwards with no fixed abode."	0
Image:Waikiki Diamond Head CC.jpg|Waikiki Beach facing Diamond Head, 1958	0
You can’t replace soccer goalies in a shootout, unless the poor goalie is injured.	1
A radioactive isotope of gold (gold-198) is used for treating cancer.	1
Gulf of Squillace, an inlet of the Ionian Sea off the coast of Italy	0
He read all the Harry Potter books and is a fan.	1
The French commander of Fort Gaspareaux, on the opposite side of the Isthmus of Chignecto, was offered (and subsequently agreed to) the same terms on the following day, thus securing the frontier of Nova Scotia.	0
Ashton has a dog called Indie.	1
In 1728 he closed a second marriage with Christiane Charlotte of Nassau-Ottweiler, the widow of Count Charles Louis of Nassau-Saarbrücken; this marriage remained childless.	0
Due to the Idol Gives Back performance, the Top 6 remained intact for another week.	0
They were first discovered by the Thai biologist, Kitti Thonglongya, in 1973.	1
Pavese, Carlo Odo: Il grande partenio di Alcmane (Lexis, Supplemento 1).	0
In July, Freenet was released and became the first anonymity network.	0
His second album called ‘Want Some?’ was released a year later.	1
Thomas Robert Daley, an English Diver born on 21st May 1994 in Plymouth to parents Rob and Debbie Daley.	1
The 'you are here' arrow on maps is called an ideo locator	1
In 2006, Bean's seat was seen by Republicans as vulnerable to takeover due to her freshman status and the 8th district's historical Republican tilt at every level.	0
— An ARTE 6-part miniseries riding through the five boroughs and a web-based, collaborative and multilingual encyclopedia about New York's culture.	0
Mid-way through the season, Richards was moved to full back after Michael Withers' retirement.	0
Salt and mineral must be readily accessible to cattle at all times.	1
She is a huge fan of Ed Sheeran, and even has his phone number.	1
During the last 20 years of his life he divided his time between London and Paris.	0
The exact location of this western terminus has not yet been decided on as of early 2011, but I-269 (when completed) In Mississippi, I-22 runs from the Alabama state line across the state, and past the location of its prospective interchange with I-269 to the Tennessee state line at the Memphis city limits.	0
There are over 2,500 different types of mushrooms	1
Ancient Blacksmiths, the Iron Age, Damascus Steels, and Modern Metallurgy Archived 2007-06-26 at the Wayback Machine.	0
The state ministry of tourism has divided the state into regions, mostly based on the major cities of Morelia, Uruapan, Lázaro Cárdenas, Patzcuaro, Zamora and Zitácuaro.	0
She appeared on such American television series as What&apos;s Happening!	0
People&apos;s Republic of China (Russians in China)	0
But perhaps the more serious matters lie within the 2 years that Jafa-Bodden worked closely with Bikram, during which she claims she was victim and witness to Bikram’s “severe, ongoing, pervasive and offensive conduct” especially to women, as well as homosexuals, African Americans and basically every other minority.	0
He played lead for Rasmus Stjerne in 2007 and 2008, finishing fourth and seventh, respectively.	0
Miley’s grandmother Loretta Finley, is the only family member who calls her Destiny now.	1
They can also pant like a dog as well.	0
He worked at the Paris Observatory from 1879 to 1887, and as the assistant astronomer at the Algiers Observatory from 1887 to 1918.	0
Schlageter—a play written for Adolf Hitler about the Nazi martyr Leo Schlageter and performed for the Fuehrer on his 44th birthday, April 20, 1933, to celebrate his accession to power on January 30 of that year.	0
From 2007 to 2008 he played Tony Stonem, in the British television series Skins.	1
The novel was under copyright until 1962 – fifty years after Stoker’s death.	1
Creating a Google+ Page for your business can help to improve its visibility and ranking within the search engine.	1
Hunters of wild goats and sheep were knowledgeable about herd mobility and the needs of the animals.	0
The collection is dating back to the 19th century and was formerly part of the Akademisches Kunstmuseum.	0
"Motorsport Mayhem" (1995, Arison International, VHS/DVD).	0
The municipality had 7 primary classes and 124 students.	0
28 is a card game which originates from India which usually has 3-8 players involved.	1
The national anthem of Saint Lucia was written by Charles Jesse and is called “Sons and Daughters of Saint Lucia”.	1
contact data of EU officials in management positions	0
Anthony Cruz (born March 9, 1972), better known by his stage name AZ, is an American rapper.	0
I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent's youth and inexperience."	0
It is located on Highway 43, west of Grande Prairie and east of the British Columbia border.	0
Chiba reprised the Hattori Hanzō character for Kill Bill.	0
It is currently available as an FTA service via the Hellas-Sat 2 satellite, the Hot bird satellites, and as a digital terrestrial television channel in Greece.	0
1980: The Center for Social Services, founded in Golden Hill in 1973—now called the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Community Center, and generally known as "the Center"—moved to Hillcrest.	0
to provide conditions for public companies to raise the capital required to finance their development plans	0
She had to master the skill to earn her tattoo.	0
Panthers are usually quiet, but they do communicate through vocalizations that have been described as chirps, peeps, whistles, purrs, moans, screams, growls, and hisses.	1
Joseph Mede (1627), indicated that the Third Seal had opened from the rule of Septimius Severus (193) to Alexander Severus (235).	0
The Samsung logo we all know and recognise only came into use in 1993, prior to that there were 2 other logos, created in 1969 and 1980 respectively.	1
$100 million dollars’ worth of art was lost in the collapse of the towers, including a memorial piece for the victims of the ’93 bombing, and paintings by Pablo Picasso.	1
This is why the Lotus is not seen blossoming in the winter.	0
Whatever Sorai might have made of Jinsai's silence, it is clear that in Sorai's later writings, in the Bendō and Benmei (1728) in particular, Sorai takes issue with Jinsai on nearly every count, often criticizing him harshly as in effect no different in philosophical doctrine than the thinker he supposedly was criticizing, Zhu Xi.	0
The PERQ CPU was unusual in having 20-bit wide registers and a writable control store (WCS), allowing the microcode to be redefined.	0
WGNO currently serves as the over-the-air broadcaster of New Orleans Saints football telecasts that are produced as part of the NFL Network's Thursday Night Football package.	0
Nutrients absorbed into the bloodstream are carried to the udder where the cow’s body will put the nutrients together in another form to make milk.	0
Nash has a half-sister called Skylynn Elizabeth Floyd, who has also become an internet sensation.	1
Kemp writes: "The whole work has been leading to this moment ... the ensemble flows into a rapturous wordless benediction a modulation leads into 'Deep River'".	0
Since July 2000, 22,500 Danes have moved to Scania.	0
He entered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge in 1781.	0
This bettong exhibits a slow gait and fast gait.	0
He was the main protagonist for the Pokémon comics.	1
In March 2009 a bill was introduced in the U.S. Senate, 565 and in the House, H.R.	0
In addition, notable buildings of historical or cultural importance including those of later eras are preserved as well, including a few Japanese style buildings.	0
The only thing that can destroy a diamond is intense heat	1
According to Scurlock, his criticism of Fallin's actions led to conflict with Coyne and his dismissal.	0
Her mother gave birth to her at the age of 16.	1
Every living thing on the Earth contains carbon	1
The city is home to the Magburaka Technical Institute, a two year technical college.	0
Sponges hold more cold water than hot	1
Both stylistically and story-wise it departs from the previous volumes; consequently, it was hailed by some who thought the series had become stale, but reviled by others who thought it untrue to the spirit of the series.	0
Blue Explosion: A Tribute to Blue Cheer (2000)	0
This is then topped with whipped topping, and finished off with more bits of brownie scattered on top.	0
Amur Leopard and Tiger Conservation in a social and economic context.	0
In 2015, she co-starred in the drama film, The Submarine Kid, which was directed by her then boyfriend, Eric Bilitch.	1
With Ryõ Tsujimoto, Yui Hiratsuka, Jun Sena, Mina Hirayama, Anri Hoshizaki、Mika Mizuno, Sayaka Yũki	0
Drake Parker, character on Nickelodeon's TV show, Drake & Josh	0
There are two main types of lobster species: clawed and spiny lobsters.	1
The Sun appears about half the size on Mars as it does from Earth.	1
1967: The Jimi Hendrix Experience – Are You Experienced	0
After completing an approved course and once the interpreter has been assessed for the NVQ 6 in Interpreting (or equivalent), Trainees can apply to become a "Registered Sign Language Interpreter" (RSLI).	0
However, this practice has led to some negative criticism due to a perceived lack of continuity.	0
According to an Australian News Report, one of the riskiest places to swim, scuba dive or generally drive around is Koh Hae, Phuket.	1
The highest-grossing Christmas movie is actually Jim Carrey’s How the Grinch Stole Christmas.	1
New Zealand Māori 24–16, 16 October 2005 (Curtainraiser:New Zealand Māori under 18s def.	0
Enriched uranium is a crucial element for both nuclear weapons and nuclear power production!	1
On April 9, Romero made his Major League debut against Detroit, opposite Tigers rookie pitcher Rick Porcello.	0
It is perhaps best known for its U.S. Marine Corps training facility Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, where about 16,000 Marines pass through boot camp every year.	0
The 1995 smash hit Se7en has a running time of 127 minutes, it’s the 7th popular of the year and had a score of 7.7/10 based a survey of 70 critics.	1
Battle of San-Lorenzo de la Muga	0
Vegetable Oil Factory: built between 1976-80.	0
E Justice Party of Denmark (Retsforbundet).	0
By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.	1
Saint-Léonard-en-Beauce, commune of the Loir-et-Cher department	0
It was announced on May 1, 2014 that Rick Santorum, would become Chairman and CEO of EchoLight Studios, a faith and family film studio and distributor.	0
New housing and transit statistics suggest otherwise but corrective formulas were not applied.	0
This can also refer to other species of Maculinea.	0
la·bi’tʰ 'flash on and off' : {la·-} (occurs only with this root, meaning unknown) + {bi’-} 'position, be positioned' + {-tʰ} (suffix characterizes intermittent actions)	0
Alternatively Pindar placed the home of Boreas, the Riphean Mountains and Hyperborea all near the Danube.	0
Between 2000 and 100 BCE, the apparent path of the Sun through the Earth's sky placed it in Aries at the northern vernal equinox, the point in time marking the start of spring in the Northern Hemisphere.	0
He enrolled at the University of Barcelona in 1952 studying chemistry.	0
Véro-Dodat was one of the first of Paris's passageways to get gas lighting in 1830, and one of the last to fall into decline.	0
On 1st July 2012, Little Mix performed their single ‘Wings‘ for the first time at the T4 on the Beach concert.	1
Anoeschka von Meck, journalist and Afrikaans language writer.	0
Geomelophagia is someone who has the urge to eat raw potatoes.	1
Cooked pasta can be frozen and re-eaten within three months.	1
On the Waterfront, a 1954 film, won the best picture at the 27th academy awards.	1
Greater goal difference in all group matches.	0
1 Shawwal in the Islamic calendar	0
The northern style is distinguished by its meippayattu - physical training and use of full-body oil massage.	0
Joseph Hall is named after the third Abbot of Saint Anselm Abbey and former Bishop of Portland, Maine, Bishop Joseph John Gerry.	0
She is openly outraged when he takes part in an English military expedition to Lisbon against her wishes, but she forgives him in spite of his failure to take the city from the Spanish.	0
After World War II, he moved to Rome and served for a time as the editor of Italia libera, the publication of the Partito d'Azione, an anti-fascist organization that grew out of the republican tradition.	0
Antique Aero Replica Sopwith 1½ Strutter	0
If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale.	1
As a result NHNZ's programmes are seen in more than 180 countries by millions of viewers.	0
He is a member of the Beta Sigma Rho fraternity (now Beta Sigma Beta).	0
At the 1988 Summer Olympics, in Seoul, he finished 10th in the 4×200-metre freestyle, 12th in the 4×100-metre freestyle, 33rd in the 100-metre freestyle, and 37th in the 50-metre freestyle.	0
A sunset on Mars is blue.	1
Various parts of the sacred Lotus are also used in traditional Asian herbal medicine.	0
In 2007, Pink News named him the 15th-most powerful LGBT person in the UK.	0
However, he has not been called for the Brazilian team in 2007.	0
David Boreanaz, who plays Angel, was discovered when he was walking his dogs in L.A.	1
Irvin was arrested on an outstanding warrant on an unpaid speeding ticket in Irving, Texas, but was also cited for misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia after police searched his car and found a pipe, and plastic bags with marijuana residue.	0
There are approximately 250 million bubbles in a standard bottle of champagne.	1
NebemakhetMenkaure4th DynastySon of Queen Meresankh III	0
This is a huge advantage to conditional sentencing, since offenders are not completely cut off from the external world.	0
Habitat: Stationary water bodies like ponds, lakes and artificial pools.	0
A Mumbai thief was force-fed 48 bananas after being caught stealing a gold chain, the police ordered in the 48 piece basket and waited until the criminal could excrete the chain.	1
Rogers, Raymond N., A Chemist's Perspective on the Shroud of Turin, Joan Rogers and Barrie Schwortz, 2008, ISBN 978-0-615-23928-6	0
It is based on a screenplay developed by Jonathan Nolan.	0
Fresh allied troops started to arrive two hours later, along with Wellington, who took over command of the allied forces.	0
She was replaced by Isaac Herzog in 2013.	0
Game 7: Ak Bars Kazan 1–0 Lokomotiv Yaroslavl.	0
This star has rank 14 on TPC-F's top 100 target stars to search for a rocky planet in the Habitable Zone, approximately 1.2 AU, or a little beyond an Earth-like orbit.	0
and get as far as town of Sens, on the Yonne River.	0
The alternate name "Rausan-Ségla" was also frequently used until 1994 when the original "Rauzan-Ségla" again became the official name.	0
In 2011 a small sample of "Boadicea" has been used in the song Der erste Winter by German singer Cassandra Steen, which has been released on the album Mir so nah.	0
Balak Singh became the first Namdhari guru.	0
However, since the turn of the millennium, "You", "Creep", "Lurgee" and "Blow Out" have all received live airings.	0
A survey showed 29% of adults say they have been splashed or scalded by hot drinks while dunking biscuits.	1
Britt adds with flights to Indianapolis (via Champaign/Urbana), St. Louis (via Springfield)	0
Callistratus, the producer of Aristophanes' comedies Banqueters, Babylonians and Acharnians (and his collaborator in the production of Birds, Lysistrata, and Frogs)	0
The rafflesia is a parasitic plant that digs invisibly into a host vine that is a member of the grape family.	0
CAAC began operating scheduled domestic flights to cities in China in 1949.	0
The splenius capitis muscle is a prime mover for head extension.	0
Basta (Inkworld), a fictional character in the Inkheart trilogy by Cornelia Funke	0
Bila Tserkva ( , , , literally White Church) is a city in central Ukraine, the largest city in Kiev Oblast.	0
2002 – We've got tonight (with Ronan Keating)	0
There are extremely frequent bus connections between nearby mainline railway stations including Buchs, Sargans, and Feldkirch, operated by Liechtenstein Bus.	0
A cocoa tree takes almost a year to produce enough pods to make 10 normal-sized Hershey bars.	1
September 30, 1947 – November 22, 1947	0
" - Texas Monthly - September 2009	0
Throughout the years, London has been under many names, during the Roman Invasion it was called Londonium… it was also called Ludenwic in the Saxon times.	1
The Mod Squad, written by Stephen T. Kay & Scott Silver and Kate Lanier	0
When Picasso died, he was the richest artist in history.	1
When Tom realizes that, he painfully tries to escape.	0
A crowd of 14,421 was in attendance to see AC Ajaccio defeat SC Bastia in the Corsican derby.	0
During the following years, the family moved around a lot.	0
Austin Mahone’s debut London show sold out in less than a minute!	1
The uterine eggs are large and numerous, but as a rule, only one fully develops in each uterus, the embryo being nourished on the yolk of the other eggs, which more or less dissolve to form a large mass of nutrient matter.	0
It is exposed only to easterly winds, which are rare in summer.	0
A sideline industry emerged in the un-organized traffic of furs overseen by the Indian Department.	0
His last chart appearance was in 1978 when the TV promoted album released on Pye/Warwick "Evergreen" reached 17 in a 14-week album chart run.	0
Ashton got his first drum set when he was 8 years old and has been playing ever since.	1
The explorer, Strzelecki, also found small specks of gold in the late 1830s.	1
Patel strongly advised Nehru against going for arbitration to the United Nations, insisting that Pakistan had been wrong to support the invasion and the accession to India was valid.	0
One hundred and two men of the Sixth Division, many fresh from training at NSGL, were busy rigging the newly built Victory ship (also spelled Quinalt) in preparation for loading it with explosives, a task which was to begin at midnight.	0
Saint-Firmin-des-Bois is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.	0
The U.S’ James B. Connolly became the first modern Olympic champion in 1896 when he won the hop, step, and jump.	1
Alpha bronze alloys of 4–5% tin are used to make coins, springs, turbines and blades.	0
In July 2007 he was sentenced to six years rigorous imprisonment.	0
Another fairy woman, Bé Chuille, who had been banished to Ireland by the Tuatha Dé Danann, fell in love with Art, but, when she learned his father Conn was still alive and a widower, agreed to marry him instead, on the condition that Art be banished from Tara for a year.	0
Huachinango Sarandeado - red snapper marinated in a birria paste (roast peppers, garlic and spices) and grilled.	0
Although Ellis left her husband, Richard could not bring himself to leave his wife, Adele (he would learn decades later, however, that Adele had known about the affair all along and stayed with him anyway).	0
Below is a cladogram from Stocker (2012):	0
Since 2004, a polling station is erected in a forest for one voter, a temple priest, to cast his vote.	1
Game 6: (7) Chicago Bulls 128, (2) Boston Celtics 127 (3 OT).	0
In 2002, as a 15 year-old, Nadal had his first ATP (Association of Tennis Professionals) victory after defeating Ramon Delgado in the Mallorca Open.	1
"Spatial distribution drivers of Amur leopard density in northeast China" (PDF).	0
He reportedly hauled in over $1.8 million at auction from an artistic collaboration with Damien Hirst.	1
Note that this review contains a number of errors as regards the plot of the movie.	0
However, Massey's historical errors often render his works nonsensical, e.g., Massey stated that the biblical references to Herod the Great were based on the myth of "Herrut" the evil hydra serpent, while the existence of Herod the Great can be well established without reliance on Christian sources.	0
As part of the programme were the traditional mass, procession, banquet, speeches, entertainment, etc.	0
Track construction in the LBT was completed in July 2006.	0
A longer list of his favourite singles was revealed in 2005 when the contents of a wooden box in which he stored the records that meant the most to him were made public.	0
Both of these suffix arrays are then merged to compute the final suffix array.	0
Khalil also played at international level for Egypt.	0
In NBC and Sky Living's 2013 television series, Renfield is portrayed by Nonso Anozie.	0
Saturn is the lightest planet in our solar system.	1
The 30th November is Computer Security Day.	1
Sweet pitahayas have a creamy pulp and a delicate aroma.	0
Although departure from the Catholic church was less evident in Hungary than in Germany, the Hertel family were German and this may have influenced religion in Trstená.	0
Kathu Mining Museum is a museum established to commemorate the thriving tin mining industry that ruled the island for centuries.	1
His Twitter is @BrunoMars and has over 29 million followers!	1
His Vine account includes challenges he has completed, including the popular ‘Don’t Judge’ challenge.	1
Quality of service (QoS) enforcement - identifying different types or classes of packets and providing preferential treatment for some types or classes of packet at the expense of other types or classes of packet.	0
He then first left the Great Refuge with the other members of the Royal Family, acting as a scout for them.	0
Prior to the games, he defeated team-mate Jon Henricks twice in the 220 yd freestyle, setting a world record on one of those occasions.	0
He inferred that the energeia/dunamis distinction must also exist in the soul itself:-	0
|Java ME || Version: MIDP 2.1, CLDC 1.1 supported JSRs: 75, 82, 118, 135, 139, 172, 177, 179, 184, 205, 211, 226, 234, 248, Nokia UI API 1.1b (Includes Gesture API and Frame Animator API)	0
Meghan Trainor began writing music at 11 years of age with a personal take on the song “Heart and Soul”.	1
At the time of its release, it was the only games console that had a hit game on every genre.	1
It is said that the Xbox console was inspired from the Sega Dreamcast.	1
His father died when he was young and he and his younger sister were raised by their mother.	0
The Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird averaged a whopping 1,435.59 mph whilst covering near 5,450 miles during its trip from London to L.A. and was banned from going supersonic until they left the U.K.	1
He is afraid of the dark.	1
In his view, the origin of language and thought lie in spontaneous and rare creative acts, often inspired in a human in a stressful and dangerous situation.	0
rule: first 3 of each heat (Q) plus the 6 fastest times (q) qualified.	0
This is much higher than the adoption fees paid for other mustangs; horses removed from other herds in Oregon can be adopted for a walk-up fee of $125.	0
In 2007, Banksy had a live elephant, painted pink in his ‘Barely Legal’ exhibition in Los Angeles.	1
When content, a leopard will actually purr, but when angry scream and roar in fury.	1
The Singapore team felt that these two factors were given less weight than was proper, as another flight crew had almost made the same mistake of using runway 05R to take off days before the accident.	0
Chetwode's "arms length" style of command also impacted the First Battle of Gaza.	0
Electricity only came to Little Cayman in 1990, and most provisions arrive from Grand Cayman only once a week.	0
22 feet is the length of a regulation Shuffleboard table, a popular pastime for many, and the cause of more fights than you would expect.	1
25 Years - Still Mad (2012)	0
Mount Everest is named after Welshman Sir George Everest.	1
The parade had its final run at Disney&apos;s Hollywood Studios on March 8, 2008.	0
Wade Morrison was the owner of the drug store in which Charles discovered this drink by an experiment.	1
Females give birth in a cave, crevice among boulders, hollow tree, or thicket to make a den.	0
The universe is expanding at 74.3 km per second per megaparsec.	1
A survey has shown blue to be the best-selling colour in women’s sweaters because women think men like it.	1
Of this area, 67.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while 25% is forested.	0
This gregarious species can be an agricultural pest, descending on grain crops in large flocks.	0
Note: A seven-official system was not used until 1978	0
The Wachowskis asked Joe Pantoliano to watch John Huston's The Treasure of the Sierra Madre and to focus on Humphrey Bogart's character in order to prepare the paranoia of Caesar.	0
The Counterinsurgency Era (1977) a history of the Kennedy Administration's involvement in South Vietnam.	0
Before beginning his movie career Keanu Reeves managed a pasta shop in Toronto Canada	1
Among other things, in 1253 Nichiren predicted the Mongol invasions of Japan: a prediction which was validated in 1274.	0
In the Solar System, this category includes Mercury and Mars.	0
Jiří Crha had a full career in his homeland that included nine seasons in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League, four World Championships and one Olympic Games before he crossed the ocean to pursue a career in the National Hockey League.	0
Unfortunately after The Great Plague, the population was so low and there were not enough bir scarers, so farmers started making scarecrows to put in their fields.	1
Gregory Itzin also had a recurring role as Joel Marks, an unstable FBI agent who stalked Rachel.	0
The “coma” is the dust and gas surrounding the nucleus.	1
In Indonesian, there is a word, “Jayus”, that means “A joke told so poorly, and so unfunny that one cannot help but laugh”.	1
Its root is from Arabic language.	0
Hugo Paemen - 1995 to 1999	0
The hardware is based on the design of the Sun SPARCstation series, a very successful line of UNIX workstations.	0
He was the only United States general to be killed during the later wars.	0
He loves to eat at Nandos.	1
Accordingly, in most recorded attacks, great whites broke off contact after the first bite.	0
Venice locations included the Basilica di Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari, the Scuola di San Rocco, and the Palazzi Barbaro.	0
However, Fa becomes jealous whenever Kamille shows an interest in another female.	0
Come while you still have the place to yourself.Local Flavor: Pickled Wrinkles at The Pickled Wrinkle, Birch Harbor.	0
When he tried to kill Tanaka, Jin jumped in and fought him, using his ZET powers to destroy his main body.	0
Dairy products account for 29% of all food consumed in the U.S.	1
Footprints and tire tracks left by astronauts on the Moon won’t disappear as there is no wind to blow them away.	1
It is important to note that these targets are for the hydrogen storage system, not the hydrogen storage material.	0
For the next eighty years the area was primarily under French influence, and the fur trade grew throughout the first half of the 18th century, with beaver pelts as the prize trade good.	0
Andrew chose his stage name ‘Lincoln’ while attending college as he thought the last name ‘Clutterbuck’ sounded like a poor character in a Charles Dickens novel.	1
The current church dates from 1866, but it incorporates a 12th-century bell tower.	0
Dogs with pointed and long faces tend to live longer than those which have flatter faces, such as pugs.	1
14 SeptemberTaraki was murdered by supporters of Prime Minister Hafizullah Amin.	0
There were 6,071 housing units at an average density of 339.1 per square mile (131.0/km²).	0
The way the constitution should be amended	0
The only way to go to the island is by boat or by charter flights that go from the airport of Salvador to the local airstrip or by regular flights to Valença Airport.	0
, born April 27, 1975 in Yoichi, Hokkaido) is a Japanese ski jumper.	0
Zac Efron has several fears including zombies, sharks, and the girl from The Ring.	1
The females were associated with snakes and the males were associated with frogs.	0
It is, according to drone schools, illegal to fly your drone that’s capable of travelling up to a mile or more any further than you can see it with the naked eye or above 400 feet.	1
The Canadian publisher Arcana Studio is founded.	0
Tiffany Hyden / Vazgen Azroyan 46.621232324	0
How I Learned to Love Women (1966)	0
They became a successful live band in the Boston area, playing "an aggressive brand of straight-ahead, no-bullshit rock which harkened back to Chuck Berry, had overtones of the British Invasion groups at their mod finest, yet pointed the way towards the Punk to come".	0
The bat was collected on the AMNH Puritan Expedition to Baja California in 1957 on the Tres Maria Islands (south of Baja) by Richard Zweifel (expedition herpetologist) and Oakes Plimpton (expedition assistant).	0
Brithenig is an invented language, or constructed language ("conlang").	0
The Host was released in 2013 by Open Road Films.	1
29th April is International Dance Day.	1
At the end of the first millennium, the lords of Limoges reinforced their authority over the city which had considerably enlarged itself under the privileges of the cult of Saint Martial.	0
When Gandalf died fighting the Balrog, he was sent back 20 days later to take the place of Saruman who had been corrupted.	1
Vangelis' project Mythodea initiated in 1993, was finally completed in 2001.	0
Brown also used this time to learn more about the cultures, religions, and different concepts of European nations.	0
Ben Fricke, 35, American football player (Dallas Cowboys), colon cancer.	0
Accompanied by the Polish pianist Jozef Kapustka, Narine Simonian directed and produced this opera, staged by the young choreographer Helene Haag, with the financial help of the Halmahera family holding.	0
Stjørdal is a railway station located in the village of Stjørdalshalsen in the municipality of Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway, on the Nordland Line.	0
Then in the early 1900s, the milking machine was invented to milk cows so people don’t need to milk cows by hand anymore.	0
The album also contains the songs like "Telepathy", a bright synth-pop that tells about a heart fluttering in love.	0
Although he has some music videos on his YouTube channels, fans can also find challenges such as the Ice Bucket Challenge, pranks and videos about himself.	1
Hiraoka was later appointed state secretary for internal affairs and communications in 2010.	0
During the same period, the problem arose of finding a wife for John's heir apparent, the future Pedro I of Brazil.	0
35% of tourists who come to Amsterdam also visit a coffeeshop to buy Marijuana during their stay.	1
Donkey Kong was the first game to tell a story via cut scenes, something almost every game does today.	1
He has out-farted filmmaker, author and political commentator, Michael Moore.	1
August 20 – Bolesław Prus, born Aleksander Głowacki, Polish novelist (died 1912)	0
To make things more confusing, Jesus may have used a different calendar than the rest.	1
UN ENFANT EN HERITAGE, by Josée Dayan	0
He is a massive fan of the Twilight Saga.	1
Broadway for South Africa – the organization that Ariana supports – used her debut single, ‘Put Your Hearts Up’.	1
In 2006, Edward Woyniłowicz, the church's donator who died in 1928 in Bydgoszcz, Poland, was reburied here.	0
John Rawls and Robert Nozick are both notable contributors.	0
Historian Christopher Weiditz explored Mexico and in 1528 he drew pictures of Aztec jugglers.	1
Van Gogh’s art style is known to feature vibrant yellows, however the pigment that was used is chemically unstable and ages poorly, so the actual luminance of the paintings is unknown.	1
A British professor of psychiatry, Anthony Storr, states in his book, Feet of Clay: A Study of Gurus, that he confines the word guru (translated by him as "revered teacher") to persons who have "special knowledge" who tell, referring to their special knowledge, how other people should lead their lives.	0
There are no unnecessary abstraction layers and occurring problems are solved at the root, not somewhere above the abstraction layer.	0
Her favourite book is Letters to a Young Poet, by Rainer Maria Rilke.	1
Boxing Day traditions depend on the location, however it includes shopping, giving money and gifts to the less fortunate, and a day of watching sporting events like horse racing and football.	1
He has a twin sister called Kayla Reynolds.	1
“Darth Vader” is derived from Old Dutch, meaning “Dark Father”.	1
A marabout lies in palm forest outside the village.	0
Planarian flatworms can regrow an entire body from a single remaining cell.	1
OSGeo draws governance inspiration from several aspects of the Apache Foundation, including a membership composed of individuals drawn from foundation projects who are selected for membership status based on their active contribution to foundation projects and governance.	0
Van Swieten was responsible for the translations from English into German of the libretti for these works, a task he would perform later on for Haydn (see below).	0
Within 2 hours of standing in direct sunlight, milk loses more than half of its vitamin B content!	1
For example, Okinawa Churaumi Aquarium in Japan displays false killer whales in the Okichan Theater.	0
Boxing Day is celebrated all over the world, just to name a few countries that celebrate this day are: Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, Greenland, Hong Kong, Jamaica, Kenya, New Zealand, Norway, Romania, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.	1
Due to a computer error in 1989, 41,000 Parisians received letters charging them with murder, extortion and prostitution instead of traffic offences.	1
A regional variations column shows programmes in areas which differ from those in the main listings columns.	0
The function of tears is to keep the eye clean, but scientists haven’t yet worked out why we cry when we’re upset.	1
RM is also the only member who can carry a conversation in English.	1
In 2002 and early 2003, Mercedes wrestled regularly for the Apocalypse Wrestling Federation and Wrestle And Respect, where she competed in intergender matches and was involved in a scripted rivalry with the "Fabulous Firebird" Phoenix over the G.L.O.R.Y.	0
John Cowsill, whose family band allegedly served as the inspiration for TV's (The) Partridge Family, and in recent times, has been the Beach Boys&apos; touring drummer, has come full-circle with Ludwig.	0
(1902-1989), American Roman Catholic moral theologian	0
Leto's plan to forge a formidable army, by unleashing what he termed Arrakis' "Desert Power", would not culminate until after his death, through the efforts of Jessica and Paul.	0
A disallowed score is indicated by crossing the green and white flags.	0
Steve Winwood — "Roll with It"	0
This happened after a 3 year deal was agreed with BT Sport.	0
Intracerebral hemorrhage, in which bleeding occurs within the brain itself, is twice as common as SAH and is often misdiagnosed as the latter.	0
The town itself boasts a number of places that would be of interest to tourists, such as a very pretty wooden mosque built by Chinese artisans for the local Dungans between 1907 and 1910 entirely without metal nails and a similarly appealing wooden Russian Orthodox church, the Holy Trinity Cathedral, completed in 1895, used as an officer's club during Soviet times, but now restored and in use again.	0
Mary has not made an appearance since the episode "The Culling."	0
Justin says “Smile” 36 times in the song U Smile.	1
The village lies in the east, approximately 7 km in distance from Gostivar.	0
Some types of livestock are: cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and chickens.	1
Summoned to Lyon, Marseille and Bordeaux, Petipa returned to Brussels between 1833 and 1835 before moving to Bordeaux, where Lucien became premier danseur.	0
There are more IKEA catalogues printed each year than bibles (about 208 million).	1
He was born in Halifax, Yorkshire, England.	1
While males weigh 37–90 kg (82–198 lb), females weigh 28–60 kg (62–132 lb).	0
The beaches are pristine – a pretty light blue, warm, very gentle, and as clear as a glass of water.	0
Las Vegas CityLife is the oldest alternative weekly newspaper in Southern Nevada.	0
Later that day, a few computer models indicated a decrease in wind shear over the depression within two days, thus, it was predicted to strengthen into a tropical storm.	0
By August 1852 there were less than 100 gold diggers and the police presence was reduced to two troopers.	0
Males had a median income of $22,750 compared with $19,265 for females.	0
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch TV for 3 hours	1
Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.	1
A cat’s tail will quiver if it is near somebody it loves.	1
As of the census of 2000, there were 391 people, 157 households, and 116 families residing in the village.	0
A "moment" is a medieval unit of time equal to 90 seconds.	1
Encounter competition between bears and cougars: Some ecological implications.	0
American children eat five times more magnets than 10 years ago.	1
The Bulls held a double digit lead, and Boston came back behind Paul Pierce.	0
His second wife was Matilda (or Richenza) of Saxony (1172–1208/09), the aforementioned granddaughter of Henry II, Duke of Saxony and niece of Richard the Lion-hearted.	0
Krueger (1890) edited the Visigothic abridgement of CH, with its accompanying interpretationes (pp.	0
The issue of "canals" on Mars was prominent in the late 19th century and may have led to the belief that long, thin objects were visible from space.	0
The baby rabbits are collectively known as litter.	1
Depp and his family divide their time between the Bahamas’, France and LA.	1
When the temperature was raised to , and the humidity to 50%, the devil's body temperature spiked upwards by 2 °C (3.6 °F) within 60 minutes, but then steadily decreased back to the starting temperature after a further two hours, and remained there for two more hours.	0
NBC had a cross promotion where Galen Gering & McKenzie Westmore, who starred on NBC's soap opera Passions, appeared in an episode of the series.	0
Lemot died at Paris in 1827.	0
Frogs will levitate in a strong magnetic field.	1
Automatic Kafka #1-9 (with Ashley Wood, 2002–2003)	0
The U.S., or more specifically CBS, first televised the Olympics during the 1960 Rome games.	1
Hippopotamuses have skin 3.8cm (1.5in) thick	1
Hypno in shiny form is purple/pink in colour.	1
August 27, 1993 - Traded by the Los Angeles Kings to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Shawn McEachern.	0
Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.	1
Lesser celandine is found in a range of habitats, including woodlands, hedgerows, churchyards, road verges, meadows, in gardens and waste ground and on river banks.	1
* Stacked platforms: trains to Simmering above trains to Ottakring	0
The longest time a person has been in a coma is 37 years	1
Anjou—Rivière-des-Prairies, Hochelaga—Maisonneuve, and Mercier prior to 2003	0
The Canadian team wore pink sweaters and pink socks.	0
The light takes 8.3 minutes to travel from the Sun the Earth.	1
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.	1
The makers of the board game Monopoly print over 50 billion dollars worth of Monopoly money every year	1
In 1916 Caobao newspapers bound the pictures to attract a larger audience base of middle and lower class readers.	0
"Postnationalism, postmodernism and the German discourse(s) of Weltmusik".	0
The books in the saga are: Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, Breaking Dawn and a separate novella, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.	1
One day after Edwards' initial article appeared, Tim Luckhurst of The Times called the film a "poisonously anti-British corruption of the history of the war of Irish independence" and compared Loach to Nazi propagandist director Leni Riefenstahl.	0
Today, the Solovki are seen as one of the major tourist magnets in the orbit of the Russian North.	0
All pre-1952 titles listed here were won by Phönix Karlsruhe.	0
Due to their poor immune system, armadillos are often used in studying diseases such as leprosy.	1
Redlands Country Club, Redlands, California (1927); construction overseen by Norman MacBeth	0
The PowerPC 603e was the first mainstream desktop processor to reach 300 MHz, as used in the Macintosh Performa 6500.	0
Personal hygiene methods or tight-fitting clothing, such as tights and thong underwear, do not appear to increase the risk.	0
The puma and jaguarundi's next closest relation is the cheetah.	1
Growing up, she studied ballet full time, starting at Christa Cameron School of Ballet when she was 9, and later attended The Australian Ballet School when she was 15.	1
Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher holds the record for the most championships, while his wins, podium finishes and pole positions are also records.	0
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley's gum	1
Áed Sláine (died 604), High king of Ireland	0
Picasso was known for being quite the ladies’ man – he had four children by three women, and was married twice.	1
Kumiko "Yankumi" Yamaguchi, a character of Yukie Nakama in Gokusen	0
Of the six councils held at Mâcon (579, 581-or 582-585, 624, 906, 1286), the second and third, convoked by command of King Gontran, are worthy of special mention.	0
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete!	1
Mitsubishi used the standard designation system to identify this engine while it was under development.	0
When Madagascar separated from Africa, lemurs hitched rides on floating driftwood and other things to get to Madagascar.	1
Frank calls Helen back to the world of the living whilst the Scroll of Thoth burns.	0
Veria's public library collaborates with many international organizations and hosts several cultural events.	0
It was once believed that eating cheese before bed could cause nightmares, but in fact it had health benefits.	1
If someone truly loves you, they tend to hug you for at least 5 seconds or more.	1
Nowhere has a higher gambling rate than Australia, with more than 80% of adults involved regularly in some form of betting or gambling.	1
The background colour for Command Corps officers is navy blue/black.	0
Scottish people are more likely to have blue eyes than anyone else in the rest of the United Kingdom.	1
Production on "Handbags and Gladrags" – Laurie Latham, Stereophonics	0
The trial started in January 2011, led by the team of Pr.	0
In July, 2006, "New York Times" reporter and lawyer Allison Weiner unsuccessfully attempted to interview Pellicano in jail by misrepresenting herself as his attorney.	0
The cello did not survive intact, but it was the only casualty.	0
John of Gaunt left behind his daughter, Philippa of Lancaster, to marry king John I of Portugal (February 1387) in order to seal the Anglo-Portuguese alliance.	0
Chickens can see and dream in full color.	1
yearlings, excellent pasture fed for popular restaurant	0
Banner first transforms into the Hulk after being caught in the blast of the gamma bomb he invented while saving Rick Jones, a youth who had wandered onto the testing range.	0
Of the working population, 6.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 70.3% used a private car.	0
Nürnberg was badly damaged by allied bombers during World War II, and, at the end of the war, all of the Arnold facilities were in ruins.	0
When hungry, a lion will scavenge food from other predators, such as cheetahs, leopards and spotted hyenas.	1
* Black Ice promo clip filmed on 15 August 2008.	0
From 1875 until 1960, about five million Europeans emigrated to Brazil, settling mainly in the four southern states of São Paulo, Paraná, Santa Catarina, and Rio Grande do Sul.	0
Asteroids are the byproducts of formations in the solar system, more than 4 billion years ago.	1
The Dreamcast was also the first console which allowed real-time online play feature.	1
Scanlan chose to retire on June 30, 1981.	0
It was not until 1859 that a proper iron bridge was opened as a replacement.	0
The party organization reports a 60% membership rise, from 71,000 to 112,000.	0
mammy, Sapphire, whore and bulldagger, to name a few.	0
While she was stripping, she had a breast augmentation performed by a doctor.	1
China manufacturers 70% of the worlds toys	1
He returned to Missouri as commander of the Department of Missouri in 1863.	0
Trenton also has local bussing transportation as well as dispatched taxi services.	0
Often, several community cards are dealt to the table, shared by all players, and subject to variant-specific rules about how many, and which of the cards may be used in each player's hand.	0
1st: Winter Story (December 30, 2003)	0
Over 30 years ago, you could buy a pass for unlimited lifelong first-class travel with American Airlines.	1
Royal Thai Armed Forces Day (Thailand)	0
Shortly afterwards, Lex Icon was replaced with Tony White of Minis Tirith, because he was missing a large number of practice sessions, which was holding the band back.	0
Lord Nibbler the Nibblonian is responsible for freezing Fry.	1
Such as Taylor Swift with her 2012 album Red including popular dance-pop producers Max Martin and Shellback.	0
Meap, a fictional alien form Phineas and Ferb	0
Antipodes Parakeets spend much of their time on the ground and in very small groups, in pairs or solitary.	0
Celtic went on to win the match 2–1.	0
It takes 5 years for an oyster to produce a medium sized pearl	1
The piece was for bass, piano and string quartet, and included telephone conversations from life.	1
She was also said to have been able to understand Hebrew, Greek, and Latin.	0
Tolleston is one of Gary's oldest neighborhoods, predating much of the rest of the city.	0
He currently lives in Saskatoon, Canada.	1
In their first season, 1892-93, they won the Lancashire League title and the Liverpool District Cup, and their most recent success came in 2012, when they won the League Cup for the eighth time.	0
The Second Coming (1st version members were, Dickey Betts, Berry Oakley, Dale Betts, John Meeks, Reese Wynans & Larry "Rhino" Reinhardt)	0
The government did explore the choice of voluntary recruitment of laborers from China, Japan, and Micronesia, but only a few hundred came.	0
In California, you can get a ticket if you’re driving too slow.	1
The dried beef can be eaten dry or reconstituted in sauces.	0
Per year, Barbados exports $57 million of rum worldwide.	1
John B. Sollenberger Trophy Top point scorer:Bernie Johnston - Maine Mariners	0
He had serious breathing problems and could not leave his apartment.	0
The word "bootylicious" was added to the Oxford Dictionary due to the immense popularity of the Destiny's Child song.	1
In India, nine pale and white leopards were reported between 1905 and 1967.	0
Chêne-Pâquier has an area, , of .	0
A diocese, from the Greek term διοίκησις, meaning "administration", is the district under the supervision of a bishop.	0
Also, in January 2008, a promotional DVD containing 6 episodes was distributed by The Times newspaper, for Fremantle Media.	0
Jared is part Spanish due to his grandfather’s Spanish ancestry.	1
Payne has a birthmark on his neck.	1
In this video, Madonna adopts the gamine look portrayed by Shirley MacLaine and Audrey Hepburn during the 1950s.	0
The International HapMap Project is a collaboration among researchers at academic centers, non-profit biomedical research groups and private companies in Canada, China, Japan, Nigeria, the United Kingdom, and the United States.	0
: Green Flash and Yellow Flash's fighter jet.	0
In July 1978, John Travolta became the very first male to make the cover of “McCall’s” magazine.	1
Their white bellies blend with the snow and sunlight making it difficult for an underwater predator to see them.	1
As a result, many of the units were defective and had to be returned.	0
The UK's Solidarity Federation currently publishes a magazine called Direct Action.	0
In 2015, she branded herself ‘a feminist’, and said that she believes in equality for everybody, regardless of gender, race or sexuality.	1
They are most active at dusk when they fly around teak trees and clumps of bamboo capturing insects.	1
Songs: “Mother and Child Reunion” originally performed by Paul Simon, "Vinny's Lullaby" (owing to Dumbo's "Baby Mine") "Vinny's Blues", and “Shake It Up” originally performed by The Cars.	0
The commune is situated on the D1e road, some northeast of Amiens.	0
1958 - Kevin Moore, English footballer (d. 2013)	0
He played for the Zephyrs one season, and was acquired by the Los Angeles Lakers in 1963.	0
She has a habit of playing with earlobes – her own and other people’s!	1
The color of a chile pepper is no indication of its heat (usually the smaller the the hotter)	1
was a Japanese physicist and author who was born in Tokyo.	0
More polar compositions tend to have better adhesion due to their higher surface energy.	0
33a, Turkmenian Lullaby for chorus a capella (n.d.)	0
By the time they are six hours old they can only absorb a fraction of what they need.	0
Apologetically, in a letter to Keidrych Rhys, editor of literary magazine Wales, Thomas' father wrote that he was "afraid Dylan isn't much of a Welshman".	0
Convoy QP 13 left Arkhangelsk on 26 June 1942 reinforced by a local escort of Soviet destroyers Gremyaschi, Grozni and Kuibyshev with British destroyer and minesweepers , , and .	0
Humans put a man on the Moon before they put wheels on luggage.	1
Other performers during the month included Daughtry, Saliva, Augustana, and Bräck (a band headed by the former Indy 500 champion).	0
Larger "long range" boats in the San Diego fleet also fish in Mexican waters, searching for yellowfin tuna in many of the grounds that the San Diego pole and line tuna clippers used to fish.	0
Only the area around the nails can sweat; the nail beds themselves are unable to do so.	1
*Red border color indicates tournament was held on home soil.	0
The mask was designed in such a way so that child viewers would easily remember it.	1
An unnamed detectorist found a gold lunula in a cultivated field near Garlieston, Sorbie in March 2011, the first Scottish gold lunula found in over 100 years.	0
England's Stonehenge is over 5,000 years old	1
The “Like” button on Facebook was originally going to be called“Awesome”!	1
Boruc remained first choice goalkeeper and was named in Poland's UEFA Euro 2008 squad.	0
There is an average of 50,000 spiders per acre in green areas.	1
The most money ever spent for a van Gogh painting was $82.5 million dollars at an auction for Portrait of Dr. Gachet.	1
In July 2012, the band gave away a free demo track titled "Everybody Dies But the World's Still Turning".	0
Carnegie died on August 11, 1919, in Lenox, Massachusetts, of bronchial pneumonia.	0
In April 2014, she releaed the first single from her untitled debut, Shower.	1
This section is based upon P.V.Sytin's "History of Moscow Streets"	0
Around December, the plant grows red berries that when consumed, can have an intoxicating effect.	0
Lemons used to be so rare that kings used to present them to each other as gifts.	1
Walmor Chagas (28 August 1930 - 18 January 2013) was a Brazilian actor.	0
10 or higher is as follows:	0
Brunel Award, an international award for good railway design	0
The Pokemon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based on Bruce Lee and Jakie Chan!	1
Leopards have very strong and gripping claws so that they can climb even a straight cliff.	1
Mischa Auer as Dakka, escaped lunatic	0
At the same time General of Brigade Antoine Goguet's French division assaulted the camp of LG Jerónimo Girón-Moctezuma, Marquis de las Amarilas on the hill south of Peyrestortes.	0
Los Angeles International Short Film Festival USA (September 2005)	0
Seabirds, by virtue of living in a geologically depositional environment (that is, in the sea where sediments are readily laid down), are well represented in the fossil record.	0
The fantastic stories of Simon the Sorcerer persisted into the later Middle Ages, becoming a possible inspiration for the Faustbuch and Goethe&apos;s Faust.	0
Clefairy almost became the character that Pokémon fans grew to know and love, but during the development stages, producers thought Pikachu would be a better choice for Ash’s iconic Pokémon.	1
For instance, they held "fish-ins" along the rivers in Washington in order to protest the treaty-given fishing rights that were being taken away from them.	0
Le Plateau Vivarais-Lignon: Accueil et Résistance, 1939-1944.	0
In 1911 a law was passed banning brothels and pimping.	0
The movie 'Wayne's World' was filmed in two weeks	1
"I'm Just a Fool for You"/"Stand Up Like a Man" - Calla 106 (1966)	0
NX technology (NX) handles remote X Window System connections.	0
Gerresheimer Lohr GmbH (specialty glass and plastics) with 350 employees	0
Holmes soon identifies him as Henry Wood, and goes with Watson to visit him the next day in his room in the very same street where the two women met him.	0
He collaborated with The Rolling Stones’ frontman Mick Jagger on Dancing in the Street.	1
For example, the Nihon-shiki romanization of Japanese allows the informed reader to reconstruct the original Japanese kana syllables with 100% accuracy, but requires additional knowledge for correct pronunciation.	0
One of his most used emojis is the nerd face emoji with glasses and buck teeth.	1
The Hall was designed by Captain Francis Fowke and Major-General Henry Y. D. Scott of the Royal Engineers and built by Lucas Brothers.	0
Sand tires could be fitted for desert work and it could run on railway tracks with special bogies and extra lights.	0
There are six different species of swans.	1
She was honored with Golden Note Award in the year 2009, by American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers for achieving extraordinary career milestones.	1
Other popular works of the time were ‘Salem’s Lot, The Shining and The Stand.	1
Qanats are also called kārīz (or kārēz from ) (Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Central Asia, derived from ), kahan (from ), kahriz/kəhriz (Azerbaijan); khettara (Morocco); galería (Spain); falaj (United Arab Emirates and Oman); Kahn (Baloch) or foggara/fughara (North Africa).	0
Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil, "Flower" was released in May 1989 as the only single from the band's debut album, Ultramega OK (1988).	0
The album's lead single, "Don't Tell Me That It's Over" (containing "Young lovers" as b-side), was released on 1 March 2010.	0
As a result, the German-speaking majority of Carlsbad protested.	0
In a week-4 game against the Dallas Cowboys, Johnson helped rally the Lions from a 24-point deficit to a 34-30 victory by catching two touchdown passes in the fourth quarter, including a famous catch in which Johnson beat the Cowboys' triple coverage in the end zone.	0
"the onset of congestive heart failure (CHF)" (unpublished manuscript)	0
The arms show three silver-colored oarlocks on a blue background which represents the three islands Tjøme, Brøtsø and Hvasser.	0
Harry Styles and Justin Bieber can both juggle.	1
The sentences were later commuted to 18 months by Tsar Nicholas II, but both officers were stripped of their rank, decorations and status as members of the Russian nobility.	0
Coretta Scott King uses a rarely known Tennessee statute to present new witnesses directly to the grand jury and bypass the District Attorney’s refusal to hear new evidence about the assassination of Dr. King on the balcony of a Memphis motel.	0
The last British prime minister to regularly sport a wedding ring in public was Lady Thatcher.	1
Those who are lactose intolerant (unable to process a type of sugar found in milk and milk products) should avoid eating cheese.	1
Responsibility for devolution was then transferred to the re-established position of Deputy Prime Minister, currently Nick Clegg, based in the Cabinet Office.	0
The android briefly used the alias Matthew Tyler and was often simply called Tyler.	0
Third, if you do accidentally stick yourself, report the injury immediately.	0
Eliana Tranchesi, 56, Brazilian chief executive (Daslu).	0
It reaches the promontory from Gyoranzaka Crossing which results from the summit in Isaragozaka.	0
The walrus's body shape shares features with both sea lions (eared seals: Otariidae) and seals (true seals: Phocidae).	0
In 1969, the first television commercial broadcast in colour was for Birds Eye frozen peas.	1
The fastest fish in the sea is the swordfish and can reach up to speeds of 108kph (68mph, 59knots)	1
The Arabian Leopard, found primarily in the deserts of Arabia, is the smallest subspecies of leopard.	0
He likes to watch The Inbetweeners.	1
She returned to both companies a number of times during the 1970s as Verdi heroines and in parts like the title roles in Puccini's Tosca and Richard Strauss's Ariadne auf Naxos.	0
Dairy cow can produce around 70 pounds of milk per day.	0
In these cases the municipalities are identical to the provinces they belong to.	0
19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older.	0
The first sailing boats were built in Egypt	1
As a college freshman, Birdsong finished third among the team’s scoring leaders with 14.3 points per game.	0
Because of its delicate techniques and passion inspired by the opera, it is considered to be one of the most challenging and technically demanding pieces for the violin.	0
She finished 47th in slalom at the Games, 44.20s behind the leader.	0
The diameter of the sun is 1,390,000km (865,000 miles)	1
Defenders: Topi Jaakola, Petteri Nummelin, Jere Karalahti, Rasmus Ristolainen, Tuukka Mäntylä	0
The Detroit Red Wings have won the Cup the most times of any American team, having won it five times.	0
Stanley had the chorus and with Mitchell's assistance, the song was finished.	0
Japan is the 3rd largest consumer of coffee	1
Best Director: Bertrand Tavernier for Un dimanche à la campagne	0
Squirrels can climb trees faster than they can run on the ground	1
The film follows the life of Agnieszka Kowalska (Katharina Thalbach) in about three segments covering first her life as a dedicated worker in communist Poland of the early Sixties (DVD chapters 1-4), then following events leading to the Polish 1970 protests (chapters 5-10), and finally the early Eighties including the dedication of the Monument to the Fallen Shipyard Workers of 1970, the Gdańsk Agreement, and Martial law in Poland (chapters 11-15).	0
Humans actually have 15 other senses which include things like balance, temperature, internal senses for suffocation, thirst and fullness.	1
The first PDV was successfully test fired on 27 April 2014.	0
Therefore, the spectra and colour suggest Haumea and its family members have undergone recent resurfacing that produced fresh ice.	0
Jared Leto’s middle name is Joseph.	1
It is the longest running musical on West End.	1
For the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage, the leader received a yellow jersey with a blue bar.	0
Additional editing by Jean Pellerin and Tracy Loth, assisted by Jason Bridges	0
The Antarctic Treaty, signed by all relevant regional claimants, does not in itself either recognise or dispute any territorial claims, leaving this matter to individual signatories.	0
He was governor of the province of Antwerp from 16 December 1912 until his death on 18 August 1923 .	0
The bright red color of the plume structures results from several extraordinarily complex hemoglobins found in them, which contain up to 144 globin chains (presumably each including associated heme structures).	0
about 1 meter of reinforced concrete	0
The swift German advance had gone beyond the range of artillery covering fire and the muddy conditions made it very difficult to implement the scheduled moves forward of artillery.	0
It made the first detailed investigations of its five largest moons, and discovered 10 new moons.	0
In 1994, the ILC presented its final draft statute for an ICC to the UN GA and recommended that a conference of plenipotentiaries be convened to negotiate a treaty and enact the Statute.	0
Kiedis said that "John had broken our unwritten rule of no spouses or girlfriends on the road."	0
A document focusing on the scientists association with pacifists and socialists was collated by the FBI in 1933; it stood a whopping 1,427 pages high.	1
Females can lay two eggs at once, however it is uncommon that both eggs will hatch.	1
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints	0
When he gets to the surface (gnomes live deep underground), he witnesses a murder and the killer ends up with his stones.	0
Every day in the U.S., more than 100,000 people get a speeding ticket.	1
Until Austin made his first YouTube cover, he admits he wasn’t very musical.	1
Originally Jaymi, with band mates Josh and JJ, auditioned for The X-Factor as ‘Triple J’, although once George was bought into the band, they got their name Union J.	1
While in Bremen, he witnessed a daylight bombing raid by American B-17 Flying Fortresses.	0
Laliberté was born in 1959 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	0
The music video for the song ‘Hurricane’ was banned by MTV and several other TV channels around the world because of its elements of mature content.	1
Victor Technology, a U.S.-based supplier of calculators	0
Becker was one of the first acting roles which Garcia landed, and he was a part of the show from 2003 to 2004.	1
Some areas in Scotland and Japan switched to blue street lights at night, and saw a decrease in crime &amp; suicide rates.	1
The interface is primarily used to connect a video source to a display device such as a computer monitor, though it can also be used to transmit audio, USB, and other forms of data.	0
Lists of national festivals are published to make participation easier.	0
A United Nations peace process was initiated in 1991, but it has been stalled, and as of mid-2012, the UN is holding direct negotiations between Morocco and the Polisario front to reach a solution to the conflict.	0
Coca-Cola was the first drink that was ever consumed in space.	1
In an interview, Eagles of Death Metal's Jesse Hughes said, "I wrote that for Kat Von D, because that girl's bad ass."	0
"Don't Waste My Time" (Mayall, Thompson) – 4.54	0
Cats have over 100 vocal chords	1
This is the basic architecture developed in the 1980s: a network of neuron-like units, each with a directed connection to every other unit.	0
is a Japanese voice actor currently working for Aoni Production.	0
Drake has a long-term friendship with Nicky Minaj and has reportedly attempted to become romantically involved with her, but to no avail.	1
A radioactive isotope of gold (gold-198) is used for treating cancer.	1
At age 15, Nelsan moved to Dolton, Illinois to attend Thornridge High School.	1
Although dingoes are about the same size as a Springer Spaniel, they are brave enough to target an adult kangaroo when hunting in packs.	1
1959, Marie-Blanche's cousin Yves Lanvin, owner; Madame Yves Lanvin, president.	0
Members include; Max George, Siva Kaneswaran Facts, Jay McGuiness, Tom Parker and Nathan Sykes.	1
He applied to become a King&apos;s Counsel in 1924, since barristers who were also parliamentarians stood a higher chance of getting accepted than others.	0
Around these people are a soldier and some children.	0
He exhibited at the Royal Academy fifty-six times between 1783 and 1824 and once each at the British Institution and the Royal Society of British Artists.	0
Minister of State, minister of National Education and Culture : 1992–1993.	0
It was directed and written by Francis Leclerc.	0
In the 2005 remake of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, for the squirrel scene, the squirrels were not CGI, but were actually real life and were professionally trained by The Nut Room Animal trainer Michael Alexander and his team who spent 19 weeks training these squirrels for this one scene.	1
Tutankhamen's knife was made of iron from a meteorite.	1
Unlike other birds, the toucan’s beak is actually rather soft, so much so that they are unable to use it for conventional methods like fighting or digging.	1
Her full name is Angelina Jolie Voight.	1
It also finds use in the production of chloric acid.	0
"Heaven", by Alpha Rev from New Morning	0
Actaeus is said to have ruled over a city named Acte ( , Akte).	0
Dreyfus Meets His Wife at Rennes (US) Dreyfus in Prison of Rennes (UK)	0
The Space Theater was a loft specially designed and outfitted for performances with projected images and music.	0
Juvenile worms and also dauer larvae can be transported by invertebrates including millipedes, insects, isopods, and gastropods.	0
In May 2005, Roderic joined Jesu for a European tour, filling in on drums for Ted Parsons.	0
The fact that the rank is finite is Francesco Severi's theorem of the base; the rank is the Picard number of V, often denoted &rho;(V).	0
Often, Eric would suddenly notice the camera and put on a fixed, cheesy grin.	0
VII (Parte seconda: Lettere), anno acc.	0
Like Venus, Uranus spins from east to west – the opposite of what Earth does.	1
The sweet tasting pea was first grown in the 18thcentury by Thomas Edward Knight.	1
In its second season in 2011, the team finished 9th overall.	0
British mountaineers Dougal Haston and Doug Scott became the first persons to climb the rocky southwest face of Mount Everest.	0
The Guinness Book of World records was founded in 1954 for the purpose of settling pub disputes.	1
Portrait of a Clad Warrior (c. 1529).	0
Somerset Walpole, himself the son of an Anglican priest, hoped that his eldest son would follow him into the ministry.	0
An Australian Alternative Rock band exists called 26.	1
Tsonga came through an extremely tight encounter with Julien Benneteau and then beat Spaniard Nicolás Almagro, securing his place in the ATP World Tour Finals.	0
Tom’s cousin Sam Daley is also one of his best friends.	1
During the festivals, people of the town erect totems made in the form of a diamond as a warning to outsiders not to enter the town.	0
The two friends say their goodbyes, and David flees into the countryside.	0
Philippe II de Croÿ, duc d&apos;Arschot (1496 - 1549)	0
He has directed, produced, written, and worked as cinematographer for numerous documentaries.	0
Led National League in runs (126, 1965)	0
During his years as a Gamecock Tufiño became one of the most successful players in the school program's history.	0
As the plane buzzed the camp, Lt. Carlos Tombo and his guerrillas along with a small number of Rangers cut the camp's telephone lines to prevent communication with the large force stationed in Cabanatuan.	0
The 71-series is built for a maximum operating speed of , but has achieved higher speeds in test runs.	0
Before they became famous, their band name was UFO (Unique Famous Outrageous).	1
By the mid-1980s the Columbia and Princeton facilities had ceased their formal affiliation, with the Princeton music department strengthening its affiliation with Bell Labs and founding a computer music studio under Godfrey Winham and Paul Lansky (see Princeton Sound Lab).	0
In Formula One, the team used a variety of different chassis through the years: Ferrari, Cooper, Lotus, Emeryson as well as a car of their own construction, the ENB, which participated in a single World Championship Grand Prix, the 1962 German Grand Prix.	0
These supermarkets are either no longer trading, have been renamed, or have been taken over and rebranded.	0
Metzger won a silver medal in Rio at the World Championships in 2003 with Holdren.	0
Ehrman's conclusions and textual variant choices have been challenged by reviewers, including Daniel B. Wallace, Craig Blomberg and Thomas Howe.	0
Specifically, the first translates into "Do you speak French?"	0
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act significantly expanded both eligibility for and federal funding of Medicaid.	0
Since this Harvey had been in Crichton far longer than his twin, Crichton hesitated, but eventually agreed.	0
File:Svolvær kyrkje.jpg|Side view of the church	0
Construction ran for 78 days between September and December 2012, halted just a few times by rain.	0
Dark chocolate reduces the risk of heart diseases!	1
A second type of singularity in wrist-partitioned vertically articulated six-axis robots occurs when the wrist center lies on a cylinder that is centered about axis 1 and with radius equal to the distance between axes 1 and 4.	0
These accounts were criticized during the Enlightenment and afterwards, most notably by Edward Gibbon.	0
The nose can recognise and remember 50,000 different scents.	1
In September 2010, BBC Sport made a documentary on the Doon School for the World Olympic Dreams Project.	0
Krakowiany may refer to the following places in Poland:	0
Justin Bieber's Baby video has the most dislikes on YouTube (6.05 million as of May 2016)	1
After standing unsuccessfully for the headship of the college in 1569, he became chaplain to Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester, and received from him the livings of Warley, in Essex, and Dennington in Suffolk.	0
Sociolinguistic Survey of Northern Pakistan, 5.	0
Watelin Jacques, le peintre J.-L. de Marne, La Bibliothèque des Arts, édition originale, Paris-Lausanne, 1962	0
The tradition of wearing a white dress for wedding days originated in France back in 1499.	1
Abdi Sheik Abdi (born 1942), Somali author	0
Numbers have rebounded somewhat in more recent times.	0
Leopards can leap up to 6 meters horizontally and 3 meters vertically.	1
1915 - The pacifist Zimmerwald Conference begins.	0
In the view of some observers, the treaty's incorporation of significant minority populations into Poland did not serve Poland's best interests, since these minorities persistently pursued independence and borders passing through ethnically mixed areas would prove difficult to defend.	0
The original text was submitted to the USTA by tennis historian Steve Flink and presented by him during the induction ceremony.	0
It is possible that they are simply feral domestic dogs or NGSD hybrids.	0
Fire whirls are tornadoes made of fire caused by wildfires.	1
In a what was considered a minor sacrilege, the painting was absconded in 1640 by duke Francesco I d&apos;Este and taken to his private gallery, it was moved to Dresden in 1746.	0
In the case of counties with more than one code, all the three-letter marks for the first allocated code would be issued, then all such marks for the second code, and so on (see the lists of series per county below).	0
traits which include moderate birth weights, excellent weaning performance, moderate milk and moderate mature size.	0
Gold never breaks down or gets ruined, so it is frequently melted down and recycled into new items as the years pass.	1
The Earth’s shape could be described as an oblate spheroid!	1
A young female cow is called a ‘heifer’.	0
The only large moon in our solar system to orbit in the opposite direction of its planet is Neptune’s moon, Triton.	1
In Season 9, Booth is visibly distraught when Brennan tells him that she suspects Wendell has Ewing&apos;s sarcoma.	0
Barack Obama’s favourite cartoon character is Spongebob Squarepants!	1
The current manga chapters have been composed into thirty-two tankōbon in Japan by Shueisha.	0
Land Forces Command ( ) - Ankara	0
Walking to the island's highest point on top of Man O'War Hill offers excellent views of archipelago and across to White Bear Bay.	0
He came in second place with JLS on The X-Factor in 2008.	1
Mike Weigand of GamePro was generally pleased with the game, and, though he admitted it brought little new to the franchise, enjoyed the increased difficulty, tight controls, and new special effects.	0
Adam Cohen began a career as a singer-songwriter in the mid-1990s and fronts a band called Low Millions, while Lorca took part in her father's tour team during the 2008–2010 world tour as photographer and videographer.	0
There are around 150 varieties of guava not just the green oval shaped fruit we all picture.	1
Pumas go by lots of different names, including cougar and mountain lion.	1
1.0% Aboriginal; 0.5% First Nations, 0.4% Metis	0
To this great Jewish community, which also comprised some Jews outside the village, belonged a Judenschultheiß.	0
The scales on the rear portion of the thigh are small and granular, while the armpit and lateral surface of the body is often rust-colored.	0
Several enhanced penicillin families also exist, effective against additional bacteria: these include the antistaphylococcal penicillins, aminopenicillins and the more-powerful antipseudomonal penicillins.	0
Since 1991, real Christmas tree sales have plummeted below that of artificial trees.	1
During his time in Japan, Bälz became a fan of judo, and is credited with introducing the sport to Germany.	0
The first element is the genitive plural of rygr 'person from Rogaland', the last element is fylke.	0
A mercenary with a strong code of honor, he had previously worked for the CIA, Mossad, MI6, and the KGB, and worked with Cobra in Sierra Gordo.	0
June 22 – The Sporting News reports that major league players are unhappy with the classification system for pay and no say or share in their sale to other clubs, and that a strike is imminent beginning in early July.	0
He also ranked top ten in the discus at the NCAA meet and placed sixth in the shot put at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.	0
Tianna Madison, track and field athlete (2005 World Championship Long Jump Gold Medalist, 2012 Olympic 4x100 Relay Gold Medalist)	0
It was two years (1985) later that she made her first martial arts movie for them, Yes, Madam (also known as Police Assassins or In the Line of Duty Part 2) which also starred Michelle Yeoh.	0
He snagged an Oscar nomination for this 2010 documentary entitled, ‘Exit Through the Gift Shop‘.	1
On June 22, 2010, an EF0-rated tornado touched down in Campbelltown.	0
Clementina Díaz y de Ovando, 96, Mexican writer and academic.	0
The saga follows Isabella ‘Bella’ Swan as she moves to the small town of Forks, Washington and falls in love with vampire, Edward Cullen.	1
The open sets in this topology are precisely the ones of the form i^{-1}(U) for U open in X.	0
26 is the atomic number of iron.	1
To this day there are defenders of Captain Lord, yet two conclusions are incontrovertible.	0
The human hand has 27 bones from the scaphoid to the distal phalange.	1
Amur Leopard and Tiger Conservation in a social and economic context.	0
He included many details omitted in his previous book, but changed his name to 'Peter Howard', Michael Codner to 'John Clinton' and Oliver Philpot to 'Philip Rowe'.	0
10% of all the photographs in the world were taken in last 12 months!	1
Prostitutes in the Netherlands pay taxes.	1
When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten day mourning period for France.	1
Americans eat 35,000 tons of pasta a year	1
Aldag featured in the film Hell on Wheels concerning the 2003 Tour de France.	0
There is a national organisation representing these groups, called the Nationwide Association of Blood Bikes (NABB).	0
In 1657 he was called to be a Deacon (Associate Pastor) to the Nikolaikirche of Berlin.	0
Inhale through your mouth, swallow saliva twice and slowly exhale through your nose for a 100% effective hiccup cure.	1
Grand Cayman began a major rebuilding process and within two years, its infrastructure was nearly returned to pre-hurricane status.	1
Some of the squadron's aircraft went to the Hong Kong Auxiliary Air Force where they were operated until 1955.	0
He also said that existing institutions would be dissolved and that two committees would run the country, one would manage foreign affairs and the other would handle social affairs.	0
Members of this genus and of some other genera in Caryophyllaceae are commonly called sandworts.	0
Thus, many "Kim-Kim" couples can be found.	0
Subscriptions must be negotiated with SoundScan.	0
Half of all crimes are committed by people under the age of 18	1
Aaron won Best Supporting Actor on Television 3 different years – he is the only actor to have done so.	1
His favourite fruit is a pineapple.	1
On July 2011, she claimed that "after the seventeen billions of the first Greek bailout plan, the fifteen billions of the new assistance plan to Greece will make heavy our own already huge debt".	0
Later in July Kirby beat his doubles partner in straight sets in the singles final of the Scottish Championships at Peebles.	0
‘El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de Los Angeles de Porciuncula’ is the full name of the American city, Los Angeles!	1
A Symonds bull used for breeding beef cattle.	0
On 30th March 2016, Taylor Caniff tweeted Aaron saying ‘follow me’ – Aaron’s response was ‘No’.	1
On 17 June 1893 alluvial gold was found near Mount Charlotte, less than 25 miles (40 km) from Coolgardie, at what became the town of Hannan	1
His car later found in Hanna's garage and she takes it to the lake and dumps it.	0
However, in the Western thought, it is generally known that it was a specific area peculiar merely to the great philosophers of Islam: al-Kindi (Alkindus), al-Farabi (Alfarabi), İbn Sina (Avicenna), Ibn Bajjah (Avempace), Ibn Rushd (Averroes), and Ibn Khaldun.	0
The CDs used in this console were easily readable from the standard CD-ROM drives.	1
KBS2 1 vs 100 – Baro, CNU, and Sandeul (2012–13)	0
Lesser celandine is found in a range of habitats, including woodlands, hedgerows, churchyards, road verges, meadows, in gardens and waste ground and on river banks.	1
For every 100 females there were 111.6 males.	0
Whittaker, Helène, "Social and Symbolic Aspects of Minoan writing", European Journal of Archaeology 8:1, 29-41 (2005)	0
Bhagiratha, the grandson of King Sagar, is believed to have meditated to please the Goddess Ganga enough to cleanse the ashes of his ancestors, and liberate their souls, granting them salvation or Moksha.	0
Flappy Bird only took two days to make!	1
Ciara Peelo, an Irish female sailor	0
In modern times, the most commonly used graffiti materials is spray paint and marker pens.	1
Drinking a lot of caffeine can cause a person to become horny	1
He is half Scottish, a quarter German, and a quarter Mexican.	1
The Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age.	0
Berlin; London : Springer, 143–172.	0
Twitter warns that adding hashtags to unrelated tweets, or repeated use of a same hashtag without adding to a conversation, could cause an account to be filtered from search, or even suspended.	0
Ultimately, Leipheimer defeated Danielson by 59 seconds for his second consecutive Gila title.	0
Christianity reached its golden age in the late 5th century under Vachagan the Pious (ruled 487–510), who launched a campaign against idol worship and witchcraft in Caucasian Albania and discouraged Zoroastrianism.	0
The original location of choice by the protesters was 1 Chase Plaza, the site of the "Charging Bull" statue, but when police discovered the planned site, it was fenced off and nearby Zuccotti Park was chosen.	0
Although today devoid of the head and most of the limbs, this torso in light brown stone retains much of the lovely figure of the young princess.	0
The holiday season doesn’t seem to stop Kanye West from working either, and on New Year’s Eve 2015, he released a single called ‘Facts’.	1
Shawls were also part of the traditional male costume in Kashmir, which was probably introduced via assimilation to Persian culture.	0
1957 NAIA Men&apos;s Division I Basketball Tournament	0
20 to 24 candidates, three to four from each region, take part in the finals.	0
Ben Johnson as Hank Murphy (Angels Owner)	0
Tactical lights must withstand the impact of recoil, and must be easily controlled while holding the weapon.	0
The magazine is housed within the pistol grip, allowing for intuitive and easy reloading in dark or difficult conditions, under the principle of "hand finds hand".	0
An Irish scientist, John Tyndall, is the person who found the reason for the sky being blue.	1
The children were also mentioned, but not their number, by other witnesses.	0
Va'aiga Lealuga Tuigamala MNZM (born 4 September 1969) is a Samoan rugby footballer.	0
There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet within our solar system.	1
The act of breeding sheep is known as Tupping.	1
Generally, lions are calm, quiet and elusive.	0
Bassima Hakkaoui ( - born 5 October 1960, Casablanca) is a Moroccan politician of the Justice and Development Party.	0
The secondary, which orbits every 3600 years, is a blue-green hued star of magnitude 5.4.	0
Bobby reveals Rebecca has broken up with him and moved to America.	0
As a youth, Amin was enrolled in many of Egypt's most privileged schools.	0
The Ru de Barentons flows from the south of the commune into the Souche river which flows from east to west through the commune then continues north-west to join the Serre river.	0
Believing nuclear weapons to be illegal under international law, Sheridan made it clear at the time that he had no intention of paying the fine.	0
He was a Deputy US Marshal, and his brothers had ridden with him in posses.	0
In Ancient Egypt, civilians would suffer a severe punishment if they hurt a cat.	1
The axe represented the power over life or death through the death penalty, although after the laws of the twelve tables, no Roman magistrate could summarily execute a Roman citizen.	0
A group of whales is called a pod	1
— Kingdom of Norway, among first, supported with around €3.000.000 most vulnerable victims, as Ambassador to Serbia, Mr. Nils Ragnar Kamsvåg said.	0
Melissa Gold (Perrey Reeves) and Lloyd (Rex Lee) have recurring roles in the first two seasons.	0
One single seagull has been mooching food off of guests there for the last 20 years.	0
Commonwealth Bay, Antarctica is the windiest place on Earth with winds of 200mph been recorded.	1
The river Hinterrhein flows through three valleys in Graubünden; the Rheinwald is the highest of the three.	0
He has appeared on Good Morning America several times.	1
Scrabble is used all over the world as a means of teaching English.	1
Although not formally regarded as endangered, the Luzon Bleeding-heart is under some threat, since it is commonly trapped.	0
Selena’s band members are Greg Garman, Joey Clement, Ethan Roberts and Dane Forrest.	1
La Que Me Quita y No Me Da	0
When it initially opened, admission cost $1 – today it is now a whopping $99!	1
This building was finished in 1032 and dedicated on 12 November 1032.	0
Fisher said that as she was completing Incarceron, she knew that another book would be necessary to complete the story.	0
April 28, 2014136Un final definitivo17.243 minutes	0
On the accession of Queen Mary I of England in 1553, he was forced to leave the university, and found occupation as clerk to a counsellor-at-law.	0
On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant&apos;Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged in the new municipality of Gambarogno.	0
Some people have tried to auction the very structured walls his artwork appears on.	1
Madonna has often remarked that she wished she had more variety in the songs of the album, and had more creative control.	0
Each ball in a Bic ballpoint pen takes 5 days to grind smooth.	1
One staff officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Dudley Clarke, had already submitted such a proposal to General Sir John Dill, the Chief of the Imperial General Staff.	0
The ballet itself is preceded by a brilliant fanfare that uses the orchestra's brass section, and which is often performed separately.	0
Ultimately, a breakthrough in the sessions was achieved.	0
From the Cockpit by Bruce McLaren	0
With the new facilities are expected to contribute to the growth of tourism in the city, while private investment was devoted to the recovery of the walled city with its old houses, real colonial relics.	0
1st class44 1800–1815captured by the British	0
Lying in the parish of Holt, Næs jernverk has one of the largest and most significant of the surviving mansions in Sørlandet, built by Ulrich Schnell.	0
Facsimile of the 1629 edition without the letterpress title page, made from copies in the Bodleian Library.	0
The shirt made for and worn by Indian Datta Phuge was made from 14,000 pieces of 22 carat gold, by Rankar Jewelers.	1
Microsoft PixelSense (formerly called Microsoft Surface) is an interactive surface computing platform that allows one or more people to use touch and real world objects, and share digital content at the same time.	0
The Act of the Heart (1970), (Canadian Film Award for Best Director)	0
The Sun sometimes generates something called solar winds, which are streams of charged particles like protons and electrons that travel through the Solar System at roughly 450 kilometres per second.	1
Tooting Broadway station features in the opening credits of series 1, 2 and 3 of the BBC comedy "Citizen Smith" and again in the closing sequence of the very last episode.	0
The average cinnamon tree grows to a whopping 60 feet in height.	1
His The Dark Towers series has been described as a successful fantasy that bridges with the spaghetti western.	1
Millie the Model (1946 series) #127 - Marvel Comics	0
In "iEnrage Gibby", Tasha returns and has a larger role, showing much affection towards Gibby, it also implies that she is at least 16 years old after Gibby said he would walk her to her car.	0
If a star passes too close to a black hole, it can be torn apart.	1
Areas considered to be in Westmont are generally zoned to:	0
A false Pope, who swore allegiance to Hades also plays a role in the storyline, whether he and the legitimate Pope are the same person, still remains to be revealed by Kurumada.	0
1073 a 70T steam crane built by Craven Bros converted to diesel, preserved Richmond Main.	0
Cats can’t chew large chunks of food because their jaws are unable to move sideways!	1
When the war began Skelani was cut off from Srebrenica but also from its connections with Serbia.	0
2004: Le missile est lancé (EP)	0
She was reintroduced when Hanna saw Paige talking to her in a lesbian bar.	0
Brian Werner, wildlife conservationist and founder of the Tiger Missing Link Foundation	0
An early pioneering creator of astronomical art, along with the French astronomer-artist Lucien Rudaux, Bonestell was dubbed the "Father of Modern Space Art".	0
Few of the famous left-handed people are Napoleon, Da Vinci, Einstein, Newton, Bill Gates, Oprah, Obama, Hugh Jackman and Bradd Pitt!	1
Julia Tashjian, 74, American politician, Secretary of the State of Connecticut (1983 1991), heart attack.	0
The club also won the ASB National Youth League title for the third time in its history making it the first team to achieve this honour since the inception of this competition.	0
Rapidash has no flames for a split second, in the first movie.	1
A large bronze commemorating the 2nd Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment (1962) by Wisconsin sculptor Owen Vernon Shaffer stands at the entrance to Mt.	0
Gheorghe C. Mihalcea, PhD in philology, folklorist and teacher at the school in Horia.	0
Cougar kittens, or cubs, have blackish-brown spots on their body and dark rings on their tails that fade, as they get older.	1
Fascinated with normal people on the street and the idea of visual spontaneity, Gilden turned to a career in photography.	0
These squirrels carry the fruits far from the tree and drop the seeds when finished with their meal.	0
Likodra is a village in the municipality of Krupanj, Serbia.	0
The Hudson Institute and Vietnam War	0
Simon Cowell was arrested at age 12 for hijacking a bus with a toy gun.	1
A newborn Holstein calf weighs about 100 pounds and can walk within one hour after birth!	0
Snakes are carnivores, which means they only eat animals, often small ones such as insects, birds, frogs and other small mammals.	1
The first part of the name refers to the builders of the castle, and the second part means stone and refers to the foundations of the castle.	0
Jay used to paint faces on acorns and send them as Christmas presents when he was younger.	1
It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.	1
Alwall, Jonas (1998), Muslim rights and plights : the religious liberty situation of a minority in Sweden, Lund : Lund University Press, pp.	0
John Turturro as Sean Armstrong, a Canadian mechanic.	0
Denim jeans weren’t known as ‘jeans’ until the 1950s – before this point, they were referred to more commonly as ‘overalls’.	1
Wave boards: Smaller, lighter, more maneuverable boards for use in breaking waves.	0
Because of the high altitudes, carriages are supplied with supplemental oxygen.	0
More than twice as many people were guillotined by the Nazis as during the French Revolution.	1
They are found in sub-Saharan Africa and some parts of Asia.	1
As a result of increased funding as well as the increased opportunities given to scientists and the field of ecology in general, a plethora of new techniques were developed which led to rapid growth and expansion of the field as a whole.	0
We find British bishops at the Council of Arles in 314 and the Council of Rimini in 359.	0
Drug cartel is a criminal organization developed with the primary purpose of promoting and controlling drug trafficking operations.	0
They also have brown bills and feet instead of the red of the adults.	0
Courtship begins when a roaming female in heat makes	0
Provision for the cession of northern Schleswig to Denmark was made pending a popular vote in favour of this.	0
|Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role	0
TVP Szczecin for the West Pomerania	0
[8] The black and red coat colours are caused by the same alleles of the MC1R gene, ED for black and e/e for red, as in most other breeds of cattle.	0
Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre	0
1995), has prevented recognition of the northern boundaries.	0
He holds the NHL record for most playoff goals before playing his first NHL regular season game, with five.	0
Twelve Bonanno family member and associates, seven over the age 70, including acting consigliere Anthony "Mr.	0
A refinement of this vaginoplastic technique is its utilization of the prepucial skin (hood) of the clitoris as a horseshoe-shaped, one-piece flap.	0
He widened the subject matter of the Gazette musicale from music itself to also include literature about music – in 1837 he commissioned from Honoré de Balzac for the Gazette the novella Gambara (dealing with the new style of grand opera).	0
Emma’s favorite movie is Notting Hill, while her favorite television show is Friends.	1
There is little protection from ultra violet radiation on Mars as there is on Earth.	1
Ironically enough, he also had been cat-fished in real life by someone who DMed him on Instagram.	1
: University Press/John Wilson and Son, 1893.	0
He got his first television series, Scare PewDiePie, which was released in 2016 via the YouTube’s ‘YouTube Red’ the subscription service.	1
Roan Stallion, Tamar, and Other Poems.	0
There is a hybrid which is part Cougar and part Leopard known as the Pumapard.	0
A lioness can have up to four cubs.	1
Once the future site of Tombstone's mills was established, the land that was to become Charleston was claimed by Amos Stowe on October 28, 1878, and planning for the town began immediately thereafter.	0
I do not see how such tactics incorporate people into the wider public and democratic sphere, as Rose argues.	0
In the mid-13th century a castle keep was built and became the seat of the Topoľčany estate, which contained 26 villages.	0
Adjamé has a website (in French) created by the Mayor of Adjamé which provides information on Adjamé and all administrative matters.	0
The two largest ethnic groups reported in Goro Gutu were the Oromo (92.55%), and the Amhara (7.2%); all other ethnic groups made up 0.25% of the population.	0
released under the name Psychedelic Warriors	0
The town was incorporated by Act of the Legislature on December 9, 1859.	0
Even more painful, however, was the news in April 1928 that Sylvia had given birth out of wedlock.	0
Saint Nicholas was the original model for Father Christmas, as he used to leave secret gifts for people, or put coins in shoes if they were left outside.	1
1020 1021 1022 1023 1024 1025 1026 1027 1028 1029	0
"What is most important is to go deep into ourselves and discover the loving kindness and compassion of the buddha within – the awakened nature we all possess".	0
More than half of the top brands on Instagram use the same filter for every post.	1
If this is successful PTH levels should naturally return to normal levels unless PTH secretion has become autonomous (tertiary hyperparathyroidism)	0
Lantash (Martouf)J. R. Bourne, Courtenay J. StevensSeasons 2-4, 9 (7 episodes)A leader in the ranks of the Tok'ra.	0
In 1924 Barnwell had started work on a fighter powered by the Rolls-Royce Falcon to meet the requirements of specification F.17/24.	0
Publius Sulpicius Quirinus, censor in 42 and consul suffectus in 36 BC.	0
Lucia's only other signed work is a half-length self-portrait (c. 1557).	0
The reactive power absorbed is at least 0.5 MVAr/MW under ideal conditions and can be higher than this when the converter is operating at higher than usual firing or extinction angle, or reduced DC voltage.	0
Televisa's Canal 5 also played the show for many years, from the mid-1990s to early 2000s (decade).	0
One of James’ bad habits is biting his nails.	1
The maximum width and maximum height of the jaw is 1.3 mm.	0
The famous Lacoste crocodile symbol was created in 1933, and was the first designer logo ever.	1
Barbara fails and, although she has influenced some Aztecs, history remains on course.	0
Vans was founded on March 16, 1966 and opened at 704 E. Broadway in Anaheim, California.	1
The slurry created was homogenized further to break open any intact cells, and after this a brown syrup extract containing the toxins was collected.	0
Through Picasso Satie also became acquainted with other cubists, such as Georges Braque, with whom he would work on other, aborted, projects.	0
1990 : Wild at Heart : Santos	0
List of longest rivers of Canada	0
Another was the belief that Salisbury had behaved unethically.	0
The bulls have a moderate hump and the rump is slightly rounded.	1
Stewart Randall Holt (born January 15, 1953 in Pembroke, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who spent 10 seasons in the National Hockey League.	0
The Invaders were also assisted by former Golden Age hero The Fin and his Atlantean wife Nia, although they did not officially join the team.	0
General judgment, the Christian theological concept of a judgment of the souls of the dead by nation and as a whole	0
It was generally called Panzer Division Kempf after General Werner Kempf assumed command, though it was only about half the strength of the other panzer divisions of the time.	0
New York Rocker: My Life in the Blank Generation with Blondie, Iggy Pop, and Others, 1974–1981 (New York: Thunder's Mouth).	0
Oakes was eventually forced out as receiver, but not before three separate courts were claiming jurisdiction over the Northern Pacific's bankruptcy.	0
from the Woodson Research Center at Rice University	0
From 1939 until 1945,The plates composed by two letters followed by a hypen and a 7 numbers.	0
If you wore glasses that flipped images upside down, your brain would eventually correct your vision, and you’d see things the right way up.	1
This method of cooling can remove large amounts of heat from the milk in a very short time, thus drastically slowing bacteria growth and thereby improving milk quality.	0
All octopus species are venomous to humans, but only one is deadly.	1
At that time several states had passed their own fair housing laws and Congress was not convinced that a federal law was necessary.	0
In 1385 there were 20 fires in Andoins and it depended on the Bailiwick of Pau.	0
Sonic the Hedgehog is in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the fastest gaming character ever.	1
It is said to absorb the earthy vapors and to leave a heavenly atmosphere.	0
He has been voted the sexiest man in Sweden five times.	1
Marvel Comics Earth-90210, alternate reality in which the Old Man Logan story takes place	0
The Hoover Dam, built along the Colorado River between 1931 and 1936 reaches 726 feet in height (221 meters)!	1
The Living Nativity (the Saturday before Christmas)	0
Obi-Wan mentions that "that time on Cato Nemoidia doesn't count."	0
replaces the thick layer of fat most other breeds have for insulation.	0
Parent-to-child infestations are more likely to occur through routes of shared towels, clothing, beds or closets.	0
Earth, Mars, Mercury and Venus are called the inner planets as they are closest to the sun.	1
By early March, in the wake of the French victories at Hoa Moc and Dong Dang, the military situation in Tonkin had reached a temporary stalemate.	0
In the Roman rite of the Catholic Church, once a man or woman has made solemn, perpetual religious vows, the process of release from these monastic vows is not a simple one.	0
Some of the more notable of Eisenhower's guests were Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, French President Charles de Gaulle, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, and California Governor Ronald Reagan.	0
In the French Scrabble there are five 10-point tiles, these being; K, W, X, Y and Z.	1
Ole Hegge (September 3, 1898 in Bardu died June 2, 1994 in Livingston, New York) was a Norwegian cross-country skier who competed in the late 1920s and early 1930s.	0
The airframe absorbs heat from the surrounding air, the inlet shock cone at the front of the aircraft becoming the hottest part.	0
Andrew has an older brother called Richard Clutterbuck.	1
However, ASIS now knows of the links between Help Earth and the Survivors.	0
2 points: Ч ×3, П ×3, С ×3, М ×3, Ү ×3, О ×3, Ш ×2	0
The third full-length album from BTS called “Love Yourself: Tear” launched at number one on the Billboard 200, which made them the only K-Pop group to do so.	1
Aethra was then forced to become Helen's slave.	0
During the Second World War the company produced small arms for the American war effort (M1 Carbine, and Browning Automatic Rifle).	0
The band returned to Webster Hall in 2007 to play with one of their major influences, The Jesus and Mary Chain.	0
Slowbro’s live mainly on islands, but also in a few other areas such as caverns in the Pokémon world.	1
Males had a median income of $28,538 versus $17,884 for females.	0
"Says Ismay Ruled in Titanic's Boats."	0
The material remains of an ancient fort can still be seen in the south-east of the present town.	0
Ba (town), a town in Fiji	0
He described mating and nesting as follows:	0
Chris Brown’s first number one single was called Run It.	1
The Matrix reboots, and the Architect encounters the Oracle in a park.	0
The other main characters in the book except Harry soon learn of the accident and gather at Janice's parents' home.	0
Completed in 1965, the prototype was lost during taxiing tests the following year, without having flown.	0
The word usually connotes something wrong or evil; a monster is generally morally objectionable, physically or psychologically hideous, and/or a freak of nature.	0
Highest individual score (Suresh Raina 94*)	0
The face of Roberta Murgo was the inspiration for creating the most famous drawing of Samus Aran, protagonist of the game Metroid.	0
By the end of the war 15,000 Bolivian soldiers had deserted to Argentina.	0
Before they named the band One Direction, Niall suggested they should be ‘Niall and the Potatoes’.	1
Talk to Me (1984 film), an American drama starring Austin Pendleton	0
The Lotus is even believed to have given birth to the sun.	1
Born and raised in Berkeley, California, Alex began playing the guitar at age nine.	0
Hawaiian pizza was actually invented in Canada.	1
The following actors auditioned for, but failed to get, the role of Buffy Summers: Julie Benz (Darla), Elizabeth Anne Allen (Amy Madison), Julia Lee (Chantarelle/Lily Houston), Charisma Carpenter (Cordelia Chase), and Mercedes McNab (Harmony Kendall).	1
By 1968 the causative organism, previously thought to be a species of Acanthamoeba or Hartmannella, was identified as Naegleria.	0
Wentzville was not incorporated until 1872.	0
Vera is a practitioner of Japanese martial art Jujitsu, being graded an orange belt in it so far.	1
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of opinions.	1
After a Muslim astronaut had trouble figuring out how to fast for Ramadan in space, a booklet was written to explain how to observe Ramadan while in orbit.	1
Nicholas has tree siblings called James, Clarista and Rosie.	1
A study at Florida State University discovered that playing Portal 2 is better for your brain than brain-training games like Lumosity.	1
Males occupy territories that often overlap with a few smaller female territories, probably as a strategy to enhance access to females.	0
The two men are bounty hunters and are disappointed to see that Trinity's face does not appear in their batch of "wanted" posters and proceed to disparage him for his sooty, unkempt appearance.	0
14720 is a synthetic red food dye from the azo dye group.	0
According to the Book of Tang, Pirooz was made the head of a Governorate of Persia in what is now Zaranj, Afghanistan.	0
Over 500 meteorites hit the Earth each year	1
Women's singles and men's doubles start was moved to the Junior start house of the track, located after turn 5.	0
They’ve been nominated by the American Music Awards, AP Music Awards, ARIA Awards, Billboard Music Awards, iHeartRadio Music Awards, MTV Europe Music Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, MuchMusic Video Awards, and Teen Choice Awards – to name a few.	1
Episodes 3.23: "Endgame" and 4.01 "Showdown"	0
(United States) National Association of Schools of Music	0
Rhinogobius albimaculatus I. S. Chen, Kottelat & P. J. Miller, 1999	0
The light green color of the statue is due to the natural weathering of the copper.	1
Paper money was first used in China	1
By the 1990s Rogla had a capacity of over 1,200 beds and ski lifts handling 12,200 skiers per hour.	0
The British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) is a touring car racing series held each year in the United Kingdom.	0
Grayce turns Ross down, meaning he must wait another five years before he can try again for parole.	0
He was deprived of his freedom and could neither move nor speak freely.	0
Doullens et l'ensemble des communes du territoire.	0
Roxburgh would remain in the role for more than seven years.	0
The presence of the university attracted many distinguished artists, such as Giotto, Fra Filippo Lippi and Donatello; and for native art there was the school of Francesco Squarcione, whence issued the great Mantegna.	0
The objectives of the Sandstone series of tests were to:	0
More than 70% of the Australian population participates regularly in some form of sport, although over 25% of the country is considered to be obese.	1
One wrote: "It was charity, as much as love or fame, which finally turned the scale."	0
However, publicity at the time tried to hide this by describing the luxury of her interior.	0
05.27 - Sunny Hill - 두근두근 (Pit-A-Pat) (The Greatest Love)	0
The first song he ever bought was All Rise by Blue.	1
When, after six months, King Solomon's Mines finally was published, the book became the year's best seller; the only problem (much to the chagrin of those who had rejected the manuscript) was how to print copies fast enough.	0
In Japan, Domino’s started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.	1
Natsume Takashi, the title character in the manga and anime series Natsume&apos;s Book of Friends	0
The Pokémon Kangaskhan is based on a kangaroo.	1
Around a quarter of all Australians were born overseas.	1
Translations of the standard were made for Russian, German, French and Bulgarian, and then later Japanese and Chinese.	0
In Christianity, Good Friday is the Friday before Easter and it commemorates the day of Jesus’ crucifixion.	1
Cows can weigh 1,350 lb., and 85 lb.	0
"Out of Mind, Out of Sight" – Models	0
The red stripes on the United States Flag stand for courage.	1
1943 - Billy J. Kramer, English singer	0
Fallon Community Health Plan, A health insurance provider in the northeast United States	0
He founded the Pasteur Institute at Palermo in 1887.	0
"Razor's Edge", a song by Saliva from Survival of the Sickest	0
By doing so he qualified for his first 2009 World Cup in Khanty-Mansisk, Russia.	0
The word koala means “An animal which does not drink”.	1
During three years of tracking, she used a home range of 161.7 km2 (62.4 sq mi) with a core area of 23.3 km2 (9.0 sq mi).	0
The Ho-Chunk Nation has its administrative center in Black River Falls.	0
Alongside Hart, UGO Networks's Paul Furfari commented that Guile was one of the most important characters from the series behind Ryu and Ken.	0
Single malt Irish whiskey – The Tyrconnell, Connemara	0
Experts on atmospheric phenomena say chemtrails do not exist, and that the characteristics attributed to them are simply features of contrails responding differently in diverse conditions in terms of the sunlight, temperature, horizontal and vertical wind shear, and humidity levels present at the aircraft's altitude.	0
G. K. Chesterton: The Innocence of Father Brown (1911)	0
Nathan was born on 18th April 1993.	1
There are a million ants for every person on Earth	1
It has also been noted that Parkinson’s patients have a difficult time with motor planning.	0
Amur Leopard and Tiger Conservation in a social and economic context.	0
96% of the top fashion brands in the U.S. use Instagram.	1
Lennestadt’s position is 51° 03' to 51° 12' N, 7° 58' to 8° 15' E. The town’s highest point is the Härdler (756 m), and its lowest is on the Lenne near Borghausen (239 m).	0
The two-million-year-old skull 1470 was found in 1972.	0
Technically, Google owns the patent for the heart shape you make with two hands.	1
Juggling is one of Harry’s hidden talents.	1
There are currently no railway connections between Vietnam and Cambodia or Laos.	0
Kamianka ( ) may refer to:	0
Jungkook is the youngest member of the group, born on September 1st, 1997.	1
It was a conflation of several true incidents of attempted sabotage by the Nazi regime - incidents which the FBI was able to thwart during World War II - and many scenes were filmed on location in New York City, an unusual occurrence at the time.	0
National Poetry book prize MITINGU, in Đakovica, Kosovo 2011	0
Bourassa initiated the James Bay hydroelectric project in 1971 that led to the James Bay and Northern Quebec Agreement of 1975 with the Cree and Inuit inhabitants of the region.	0
Embrittled by zinc, many other low melting point metals, and sulfur.	0
To be admitted to these galleries was not only to receive a signal mark of royal favor, but to enjoy the important privilege of freedom from the trammels of the trade gilds.	0
The fear of animals is called zoophobia.	1
The first recorded appearance of the name Zagreb is dated to 1094, at which time the city existed as two different city centers: the smaller, eastern Kaptol, inhabited mainly by clergy and housing Zagreb Cathedral, and the larger, western Gradec, inhabited mainly by farmers and merchants.	0
The prospect of permitting homosexual couples to "marry" in Hawaii threatens to have very real consequences both on federal law and on the laws	0
Processes that drive extinction debt are inherently slow and highly variable (noisy), and it is difficult to locate or count the very small populations of near-extinct species.	0
During this period he also enjoyed a career as a racing driver, driving the same Lotus 18 Formula Junior cars that he sold during his day job.	0
In 2011, construction began on two more high-rises, Regalia, located on the northern border of the city along A1A, and The Mansions at Acqualina, located adjacent to the Acqualina Resort.	0
A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.	1
In June 2000 Camouflage played their first live gig in many years in Freiberg.	0
The lotus leaves are used to wrapping other food items and it helps preserve their freshness.	0
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 25.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 7.9%.	0
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels	1
Luke, Michael and Calum, all attended Norwest Christian College in Sydney, which is where they first met.	1
Value date in finance is the date when the value of an asset that fluctuates in price is determined.	0
I gamble when the odds are in my favour, not simply on hunches.	0
In 1986 the Salorn Breed was officially established, with precise	0
openSUSE Download Edition: This is the freely downloadable ISO version, available from the openSUSE downloads page.	0
Their music video for “Eyes Shut” was shot in the outskirts of Bulgaria’s capital, Sofia &amp; was released in 28th September 2015.	1
Originally, the Pokémon Vulpix was going to be called “FoxFire”.	1
All blood cells are divided into three lineages.	0
Before sexual maturity occurs, it is more difficult to determine a young hamster's sex.	0
The Herald is now owned by APN News &amp; Media, an Australian and New Zealand listed company whose largest shareholder is Ireland-based Independent News & Media.	0
The traditional, restrictive conditions placed upon the learning of Kabbalah, were enacted in the wake of the problematic episode of Shabbetai Zvi in 1665-6.	0
There is a British chocolate scientist who insured her taste buds for £1 million.	1
This is particularly important if the phenol is mixed with chloroform (a commonly-used mixture in molecular biology for DNA and RNA purification).	0
She lived there almost her entire life and a commemorative plaque has been placed on the building by the Okularnicy Foundation.	0
His best friend is Aaron Carpenter.	1
There are more than 7,000 varieties of apples grown in the world.	1
She also saves Dusty and Debbie Oakton, family relatives of Earl Oakton, a mountain survivalist who was executed by NSA agents.	0
The main courtyard is facing west and has a gilded wrought-iron fence and gates.	0
But even still, Chema, the guitarist, decided to leave the band.	0
il s’engagea un vif combat de mousqueterie ; notre feu devint tellement supérieur qu’en moins de quinze minutes, nous fîmes taire celui du Victory ; ses gaillards furent jonchés de morts et de blessés, et l’amiral Nelson fut tué par le feu de notre mousqueterie.	0
Kings of the Hellenes (1863–1924, 1935–73)	0
Lodders, K, - (PDF) Meteoritics & Planetary Science 33, A183-A190 (1998).	0
In 2016, it was discovered that Beyonce's "Empower Women" clothing line was made by women sweat shop labourers working on less than £5 a day.	1
A Bikont ("two flagella") is a eukaryotic cell with two flagella.	0
Bulgaria finished fourth with eight points and failed to make the final stages of Euro 2000.	0
The ancient Babylonians used to track Venus’ path though the skies in records that date back as far as 1600 BC.	1
YMCA, YMCA Building, YMCA Hotel, Y.M.C.A.	0
For her part as June Boatwright in the 2008 movie “The Secret Life of Bees“, Alicia Keys learned to play cello within 4 weeks.	1
1Thursday, September 18Skellefteå AIK5–4 (OT)Rögle BKSkellefteå Kraft Arena5,483	0
Both vehicles have limited armor protection against small caliber weapons.	0
For every human, there are 200 million insects!	1
The first legs were played on 11 and 12 July 2006, with the second legs on 18 and 19 July.	0
1120 – after 1177), German chronicler	0
In "Pappa in Afrika", Tintin becomes a white African, depicted either as a white liberal or as a racist white imperialist in Africa.	0
Pumas go by lots of different names, including cougar and mountain lion.	1
Expenses include the fuel, track and engine maintenance and management fee.	0
At 23:21, half the distance across the Tunnelgatan street and only a short distance from the station entrance, a man appeared from behind, shot Palme at point-blank range and fired a second shot at Mrs Palme.	0
It narrates the passage of a newly deceased soul into the next world, corresponding to the journey of the sun through the underworld during the hours of the night.	0
There are 2 main routes on Ko Samet.	0
King wrote for Marvel comics Heroes for Hope Starring the X-Men – charity works to help prevent famine in Africa.	1
Schroeder worked as a secretary for a construction company in Munich.	0
Its history is closely related to that of its neighbours: the Duchies of Jülich, Berg and Guelders and the County of Mark.	0
Ne-Yo became his mentor after viewing the cover of Beautiful Monster.	1
The star of Bethlehem that guided the wise-men is believed to be a comet or Uranus.	1
There, Joann is laying tied to a bed in clean lingerie.	0
His conquests of the Levant brought Egypt's territories and influence to its greatest extent.	0
McCarty was transported from Fort Sumner to Las Vegas, where he gave an interview to a reporter from the Las Vegas Gazette.	0
On November 27th Queen’s “Somebody to Love” was released.	1
The books have topped the best sellers charts in the United Kingdom and the United States.	1
The presence of the paramilitary group Autodefensas Campesinas de Casanare, whose base of operations was in the nearby municipalities of Villanueva and Monterrey, was a constant until 2004 when the group surrendered the zone to the Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia AUC, in a battle which is said to have cost more than 3.000 lives.	0
In 1914 Pajala Municipality was once again split when Junosuando broke away.	0
However, its run was much shorter: the magazine ran for less than a year—from 8 July 1709 to 31 March 1710.	0
Grand Tours overall classification results timeline	0
In March 2015 Jack and his co-star sang on one of the biggest stages in the UK; Wembley Arena, in London.	1
Calves are fully weaned at the age of 8 to 11 months.	0
Bonifacio issued the following general proclamation:	0
Other organizations of Presbyterians, such as the Confessing Movement and the Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals, have also organized on the other side of the issue to support the fidelity/chastity standard for ordination.	0
Similar to other cultures, the Japanese people view nurses as subservient to physicians.	0
Sherry Stringfield as Dr. Susan Lewis - Attending Physician, later Acting Chief of Emergency Medicine	0
Ashton Irwin is the oldest member of the band.	1
The type species is S. gingerichi, described by M. Sadiq Malkani in 2006, and it is based on seven tail vertebra, found in the Maastrichtian-age Vitakri Member of the Pab Formation.	0
Nidoran♀ can lay eggs which have a chance of hatching into a Nidoran♂‚.	1
Several large ports have their own fire service, such as Felixstowe.	0
Warthogs can reach speeds of 48km/h (29mph)	1
Shider is featured prominently in many hit songs like "Cosmic Slop," "Getting to Know You," and "One Nation Under a Groove".	0
Pyrenees, a mountain range between France and Spain	0
Natural resources include mines, and mineral resources are limestone, fire-resistant stone, calcite, iron, lignite, and so on.	0
For example, with an appropriate jig it can be used for recessing door hinges and recessing lock faceplates.	0
MAC: The MAC sublayer offers a set of logical channels to the RLC sublayer that it multiplexes into the physical layer transport channels.	0
In the areas of art and literature, Die Aktion is looking to create a counterbalance between the sorry habits of the pseudo-liberal press to simply value new movements from a business standpoint to hush them up."	0
26, Reisters Town, Baltimore County, Maryland.	0
Unpublished engravings by William Miller after Birket Foster	0
with Monique De Saint Martin, Jean-Claude Passeron, Academic Discourse: Linguistic Misunderstanding and Professorial Power, Polity 1996.	0
If you are over 65 years old, or handicapped,you can enter for half price.	0
A reasonable choice could be c = 55000 giving a bound of 28937.	0
The cattle were aged 18-24 months.	1
vmPRO software works with DXi appliances and users' existing backup applications to integrate VM backup and recovery into their existing data protection processes.	0
But he also felt that he had no right to order Vaikundar directly.	0
D.C. United had been sharing RFK Stadium with Major League Baseball's Washington Nationals in Washington, D.C., before the latter's move into Nationals Park.	0
In order to make himself look less like the other character, he dyed his hair and modified his full beard to a goatee for the Ironside movie.	0
NCIS as Jerry (2006, one episode)	0
They formed a separate body of Friends called Fritchley General Meeting which remained distinct and separate from London Yearly Meeting until 1968.	0
The owners, apart from the grant that has the Málaga CF, organize other events in this forum, especially concerts.	0
When Shakespeare died in 1616, the words “curst be he that moves my bones” were inscribed on his grave – to prevent grave robbers.	1
Ecstasy came out later, and though Clannad is also all-ages, its spinoff is not.	0
In Eastern Europe and the USA, wolves are being reintroduced into the wild and into research parks.	1
The two first kings of Italy are enshrined inside the Pantheon, Vittorio Emanuele II and Umberto I along with his wife Margherita.	1
He debuted his TV career in 1994, co-presenting the Disney Club.	0
Derived numbers contain predictable vowel syncope (see above).	0
M.D.S.Miroku(maitreya): Large neutrino gain by destroying enemies, small neutrino gain by buzzing, normal bomb, wide area shot, short level up invulnerability	0
bar:1936 at:3017 fontsize:XS text: 3017 shift:(-8,5)	0
The tree also produces small round fruits that are about in diameter.	0
Coca Cola launched its 3rd product Sprite in 1961	1
There are 30 upright stones that form the Sarsen Circle at Stonehenge.	1
In the Pokémon games, Poliwag &amp; Ditto have the same cry sounds.	1
This separates it from other similar thrushes (e.g.	0
Miroslav Sandor (TCH) on points (5-0)	0
In 1831, marchese Cosimo Ridolfi (who was later appointed Prime Minister of Tuscany by the Grand Duke Leopold II) praised the merits of the red wines of Montalcino above all others in Tuscany.	0
The Æ ligature was also common in Old English, but had largely disappeared in Middle English.	0
In 47 BC the Roman Dictator Gaius Julius Caesar after the conclusion of his military victory against the Triumvir Pompey, deprived and deposed Archelaus of his office of high priest and rule over Comana.	0
In Russia, the most popular flavours are cranberry, cherry, and red currant.	0
Kosher Coca-Cola Coke is produced in March and April to coincide with the Jewish Passover season.	1
Every day 7% of the US eats at McDonalds	1
Unlike the purposeful importations of many breeds, the path of the Ankole‑Watusi to the United States was indirect if not accidental.	0
Michelle Yeoh reprises her role in the spin-off, Project S (1993).	0
During the Mughal period, Akbar the Great made Saharanpur a sarkar (administrative unit) administered by the Province of Delhi.	0
Chickens bodies contain 15% more water than humans.	1
Then, a war breaks out and all the young men have to go off and fight... except the boy can't, 'cause his leg's all messed up.	0
If Emma could have the day off from being a celebrity, she says she would go into a mosh pit at a rock concert.	1
| Conche ||align=center| Town ||align=center| ||align=center| ||align=center| ||align=center| ||align=center|	0
As of November 2016 the group Fifth Harmony is worth over $15 million.	1
Each year, 85% of dogs pay a visit to the vet for one reason or another.	1
Carrots were originally purple in colour!	1
Paleoclimatologist William Hyde of Duke University was asked on Usenet whether he would be seeing the film; he responded that he would not unless someone were to offer him $100.	0
Wadjerenes (Udjarenes), a Sistrum player of Amun-Re.	0
When lightning strikes it can reach up to 30,000 degrees celsius (54,000 degrees fahrenheit)	1
On December 30, Washington moved his army back to Trenton and stationed his men on the south side of the Assunpink Creek.	0
Shawn himself has said that he never started posting Vines to become famous, he “was just doing it for fun”.	1
The long and storied tradition of Ohio Bobcats football began in 1894 with an 8-0 loss to Marietta College.	0
Halley’s comet is estimated to appear again in July of 2061.	1
Attached to: Twentieth Air Force, 1 November 1954	0
On May 7, 2010 La Ola Amarilla defeated El Hijo del Fantasma, La Máscara and Héctor Garza to win the CMLL World Trios Championship in the main event of the weekly Friday night Super Viernes show.	0
Rick's bond with Genis works in about the same way as his bond with Mar-Vell.	0
Charlie Tweeted saying that he sometimes eats breakfast in the shower!	1
Males lock their antlers and fight for the right to mate with females.	1
Your mind never creates new faces in your dreams, that is you have seen each person that appears as a stranger to you in your dreams!	1
He was raised in Troy, a suburb in Detroit.	1
Mars is one tenth of the size of Earth with a density of 3.933 grams/cubic centimetre.	1
with small birthweight and rapid weight gains to weaning.	0
This mainly takes place in countries such as India, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iraq and the villages and poorer areas of Iran.	0
Most Australians live within close proximity of the coastline, which isn’t difficult to do considering the whole country is lined with beautiful beaches.	1
Multiplane: many planes, sometimes used to mean more than one or more than some arbitrary number.	0
The goal of the organization was to create an impartial governing body to monitor national tournaments, player eligibility, and general oversight.	0
Lines of Wellington by Valeria Sarmiento was presented in competition at the 2012 Venice Film Festival.	0
With the help of shared core between IE10 Desktop and IE10 Mobile, Internet Explorer 10 Mobile supports a broader range of the HTML5 capabilities (including pointer events ) and boosts applications/websites' performance.	0
John is taller than Edward by about one inch.	1
Being far from the city infrastructure such as natural gas is taking its time to arrive, but the general peacefulness of neighbourhood and the possibility of a Bosphorus view more than compensate.	0
He admits to taking drugs in his youth days.	1
Pimpewaug school met in August and September.	0
3.2 April 1851: Castlemaine district and Clunes, Victoria	0
There is a Japanese villaige called Nagoro which has 35 inhabitants, but over 350 scarecrows!	1
All the while, the Prince is becoming more and more uneasy with the unaccustomed tact he has to employ with the rest of the family and with the world at large since the revolution.	0
At over 2000 kilometres long, The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure on Earth!	1
In another genre, Sir Mix-a-Lot used a sample of "Peek-a-Boo" in his song "The (Peek-a-Boo) Game", from his 1989 album Seminar.	0
In Chur, the line starts on Bahnhofplatz, in front of the main railway station, where that station's platforms for the Arosabahn are, though there is a second stop in Chur only 760 metres from the main station.	0
The oceans contain enough salt to cover all the continents to a depth of nearly 500 feet!	1
It began as a supplement that still required the Cyberpunk 2020 rulebook, but the second edition became a standalone game.	0
Western beef tended to be canned, as the quality was inferior to the corn-fed beef of the Midwest.	0
Justin used to Skype with fans in summer 2009 during his radio tour.	1
Experience has shown that adolescents are curious about aspects of their sexuality as well as the nature of sexuality in general, and that many will seek to experience their sexuality in some way.	0
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.	0
Canada has more doughnut shops per capita than any other country	1
It is far more likely for there to be life on Venus than Mars.	1
She has shaved her head for charity.	1
As in several other cantatas on words of Franck, the setting is intimate: soprano, alto, tenor and bass soloists, two flauto traverso, two oboes, two violins, viola, and basso continuo.	0
The UK version ran for 102 minutes but the US version has several scenes censored, particularly some of the scenes with nudity and ran for 98 minutes.	0
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.44% of the population.	0
This is also Michael Schumacher's last grand chelem.	0
Jerusalem artichoke brandy smells fruity and has a slight nutty-sweet flavour.	0
Genecor International Wisconsin, Inc. (A Danisco Division)	0
Pseudemys concinna suwanniensis – Suwannee cooter	0
Some Asian countries put gold in fruit, jelly snacks, coffee, and tea.	1
The shallows surrounding Scrub Island, as well as many nearby coves, bays, reefs and inlets, are ideal for snorkelers and divers.	0
Mephisto shows up and shoots the clone, but Stan is afraid he will be in trouble for everything the clone did.	0
It has a gabled stone shingle roof that rests on three arches.	0
[8] The black and red coat colours are caused by the same alleles of the MC1R gene, ED for black and e/e for red, as in most other breeds of cattle.	0
April 30 - Simone Barone, Italian footballer	0
Mars has polar caps like Earth, containing frozen carbon dioxide and a small amount of water too.	1
List of Iranian scientists from the pre-modern era.	0
English wasn’t her first language, and she only started to learn English when she was 5 – 6 years old.	1
Ham is made around the world, including a number of regional specialties, although the term now has wider usage and can also be used to refer to meat which has been through a process of re-forming.	0
You may not have noticed, but Noah played Camila Cabello’s love interest in her music video for “Havana.”	1
The maximum speed of a fart is 10 feet per second, or 6.8 miles per hour.	1
There are various theories as to what determines whether a genetically susceptible individual will go on to develop coeliac disease.	0
During a helicopter mission near Da Nang to evacuate a number of Vietnamese orphans, the helicopter crashed into the sea.	0
The procedure involved entering a horse’s ventricles via the jugular vein and carotid artery.	0
Drake consented to his request of Communion and dined with him, of which Francis Fletcher had this strange account:	0
C v (calorimeter) = m (water).	0
Over the years, the building evolved into several restaurants.	0
Hawaii officially became apart of the US on June 14 1900	1
Most of them de facto defected to March 14 Alliance when Hizbollah, Amal and Lahoud ordered their ministers to resign and Mitri, Murr and Rizk refused to resign.	0
The Chinese used fingerprints as a method of identification as far back as AD 700	1
Breaking sound barrier and other records	0
Hime has another servant named Flandre.	0
Categories of wireless implementations, devices and standards	0
Van Marum's researches (especially in connection with electricity) were remarkable for their number and variety.	0
Released between the departure of Igor Khoroshev the previous year and Rick Wakeman's fourth return in 2002, it is the only album in the band's history not to feature any keyboardist, and the only one involving only four Yes members.	0
Moisture (not air) causes super glue to dry	1
New York: Columbia University Press, 2000.	0
Franklin Mars invented the Snickers Bar in 1930	1
Hardee was the third best thrower, but his gap was not as large as he needed while Eaton set a new personal best in the event.	0
Rhyhorn has the exact same cry as Charizard in the games.	1
Meanwhile, in his shop class, Mr. Adler writes a suicide note explaining he cannot cope with his fiancée's death and that he has run out of nicotine gum.	0
He wrote three books on witchcraft, analysing the Sabbath, lycanthropy, and sexual relationships during the Sabbath.	0
It is drained by the Randselva river.	0
In 1610 the first printing press in the Middle East was set up St Anthony of Khozaya Abbey near Ehden.	0
The order was published in the Ukraina newspaper on February 20 (March 4, old style).	0
In Deliver, teams had to carry fish from a boat and transfer it to some scales.	0
The league realigned itself into two conferences, the Western Conference and the Eastern Conference, with two divisions each in each conference.	0
In India, nine pale and white leopards were reported between 1905 and 1967.	0
Morozov died from a gunshot wound in Cannes, France.	0
op.169Duo pour le piano à quatre mains sur Norma de Bellini	0
In the Philippines, it is considered good luck if a coconut is cleanly split open without jagged edges.	1
The band once had to stop and busk on the streets, because they didn’t have enough money for petrol to get home!	1
Rogers' Marines pushed inland and occupied a ridge, called Hill 84, about from the landing area.	0
It is also recorded that he lampooned the philosopher Socrates.	0
This burning and recurrent question in the country's political dialogue not only reveals but also exacerbates differences of opinion between Israelis.	0
He used his influence to prevent George II from entering a European conflict in 1733 when the War of the Polish Succession broke out.	0
: A mystic from the Death Spirit World who intended to take over Madou, only to be destroyed by Psychorror.	0
7-inch touchscreen, 8 MP autofocus camera with flash, 2 MP front camera, 1.4 GHz Nvidia Tegra 3 quad-core, 16 GB flash storage, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth	0
For Heinz ketchup to be cleared to leave the factory, it can't exit a bottle at any more than 0.028mph.	1
In India, nine pale and white leopards were reported between 1905 and 1967.	0
The Sunday edition of the New York Times for 14 September 1984 contained 1,612 pages and weighed 5.4 Kg!	1
Canis lupus lupus is the scientific name for a grey wolf.	1
Once Andrew starts shooting for The Walking Dead, he keeps his Georgia dialect for the full day to keep in character.	1
New York acquired the rights to Umberger from Vancouver on March 9, 2004.	0
In 2001, George W. Bush decided that staff in the Oval Office were not allowed to wear jeans anymore.	1
The correct name for a group of gnus is an implausibility.	1
The film 'Mary Poppins' was filmed entirely indoors	1
Work began in 2001, with construction starting in 2004 when the old building was demolished.	0
George prefers brown sugar over white sugar.	1
Mewtwo is a clone of the Pokémon Mew, yet it comes before Mew in the Pokédex.	1
Mexico City is home to the world’s largest taxi fleet of 100,000 taxis running every day!	1
Before The Wanted, Max was a member of a band called Avenue.	1
Goosebumps are actually caused by a muscle called the arrector pili muscle!	1
An extension to piazzale Roma (the main bus station) in Venice and the link with Marghera (another borough of Venice) are under construction.	0
He also enjoyed working for director Carlos Aured, and was proud of the films they did together.	0
He also has a pet dog called Agnes, which is a mixed breed between Golden Retriever and Poodle.	1
Blues & Rhythm Series: The Chronological Johnny Ace 1951-1954 Classics (2005)	0
Males occupy territories that often overlap with a few smaller female territories, probably as a strategy to enhance access to females.	0
"Life Is a Long Song" EP	0
To differentiate between these two basic types that seem so similar, but that are unrelated succulent plants, use of the terms, cactus or cacti, only should be used to describe succulents in the cactus family.	0
Before the band was formed, the boys posted videos of themselves performing popular songs on Luke’s YouTube channel.	1
Apart from the town of Kcynia, Gmina Kcynia contains the villages and settlements of Bąk, Chwaliszewo, Dębogóra, Dobieszewko, Dobieszewo, Dziewierzewo, Elizewo, Głogowiniec, Górki Dąbskie, Górki Zagajne, Grocholin, Gromadno, Iwno, Józefkowo, Karmelita, Karolinowo, Kazimierzewo, Kowalewko, Kowalewko-Folwark, Krzepiszyn, Łankowice, Laskownica, Ludwikowo, Malice, Miaskowo, Miastowice, Mieczkowo, Mycielowo, Nowa Wieś Notecka, Palmierowo, Paulina, Piotrowo, Rozpętek, Rozstrzębowo, Sierniki, Sipiory, Słupowa, Słupowiec, Smogulecka Wieś, Stalówka, Studzienki, Suchoręcz, Suchoręczek, Szczepice, Tupadły, Turzyn, Ujazd, Weronika, Włodzimierzewo, Zabłocie, Żarczyn and Żurawia.	0
There are also "small" G proteins (20-25kDa) that belong to the Ras superfamily of small GTPases.	0
The album was named the number one metal album of 2007 by Guitar World.	0
3 teaspoons make up 1 tablespoon	1
In Queensland a smoking ban in cars with minors under the age of 16 has existed since January 2010.	0
Janet Ertel married Bleyer in 1954.	0
An edge (a set of two elements) is drawn as a line connecting two vertices, called endpoints or (less often) endvertices.	0
Debates of the Oireachtas demonstrate the age and range of contemporary applications of the phrase.	0
Everyday is a holiday somewhere in the world	1
Two large, cream-colored spots on the top of the second segment of the tail make spiny lobsters easy to identify.	1
No one offered to take over LIP this time.	0
Portofino ( ; Ligurian: Portofin) is an Italian fishing village and upmarket resort famous for its picturesque harbour and historical association with celebrity visitors.	0
Like a cat, pandas have slit like pupils.	1
There is a theme for the festival each year:	0
Currently there are unofficially over 600,000 inhabitants of the island but in 2012 the official count stood at 360,905.	1
Anae was injured early in the 2009 season.	0
Plus loin sur la Terre, Hors Collection, 2002	0
In 2012, he was announced the winner, after gaining 48% of the public vote.	1
In 1846 Chisholm returned to England, with her husband, to encourage migration to Australia and to promote migration reform.	0
Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Ltd (NMPL) is the company formed with elected municipal corporators on board that caters to the city public transport.	0
"Love Is Just a Word" (1986)	0
Cats enjoy sitting on warm objects, which is probably why your kitty likes to sit on your computer so often.	1
While the original series had no direct spinoffs, a few subsequent productions would use the Lassie character.	0
Calum’s old Instagram name use to be Calzabrah, it is now calumhood.	1
They had implemented only a portion of their program by August 1968, when Soviet and other Warsaw Pact troops invaded the country and the reform experiment came to an end.	0
1244–1246: Henri de Grez (de Gressibus)	0
Every day, one hundred million accounts upload a Story on a daily basis.	1
It is 34 kilometres long (21 miles), of which 15 km are within the city.	0
Your liver has over 500 functions	1
El niño que vino del mar (1999)	0
A combination of hot compressed carbon, aka diamonds, falls from the skies on planets like Saturn and Jupiter due to the insane pressure gravitationally.	1
When written down, the word ‘almost’ is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.	1
Brady, Charlie’s dog and preferred wingman, is a King Charles Spaniel.	1
In matters of Argentine foreign policy, he favors alignment with the United States.	0
These birds forage by probing on mudflats or tundra or picking up food by sight in shallow water.	0
Ariana put her hands in cement at Planet Hollywood, New York, on 22nd December 2011.	1
More movies have been filmed in California than any other state.	1
The average class size in the primary school was 21.29 students.	0
while solemn violin music plays, is a reference to the film An American Tail.	0
The museum was opened by The King at the Crystal Palace on 9 June 1920.	0
The prisoners got further rest and treatment before they were transported through Denmark on Danish buses and trains and sent by ferry to Malmö.	0
He was the First Duke of Coimbra, a remarkable ruler and well-travelled man, who served as Regent during the minority of his nephew Afonso V;	0
On 17 June 1996, the Chief Electoral Officer of Alberta, cancelled the registration of the Confederation of Regions Party of Alberta and the party was struck from the Register of Alberta Political Parties because the party failed to comply with the registration requirements of the Election Finances and Contributions Disclosure Act.	0
When it was completed in 2003 it took the title of the world's tallest residential building, but later the Eureka Tower in Melbourne, Australia and the Q1 tower in Australia's Gold Coast bumped it to its current position.	0
Brown sugar is unrefined sugar that still contains molasses.	1
During Stalin's three decades of rule, which ended with his death in 1953, an estimated 15 million to 30 million people were executed or died in labor camps or starved to death.	1
His power of description is remarkable, his assessments of individuals generally perceptive if tinged with his own prejudices.	0
For this, he was deposed and forced by officials to commit suicide.	0
Located in the northwest of Senegal, near the mouth of the Senegal River, and 320 km north of Senegal's capital city Dakar, it has a population officially estimated at 176,000 in 2005.	0
from the opera Clari, Maid of Milan (1823)	0
The British had a further method of nomenclature that they adopted in the 19th century.	0
However, it was unsuccessful on charts worldwide.	0
This is separate to any radar gun device which is likely to be handheld, and not attached to the vehicle.	0
The nearest large city is Cali, in the Valle del Cauca Department, to the north of Cauca.	0
Image:Heathrow Terminal 5 express entrance.JPG|Entrance to Heathrow Express side of station, adjacent to Arrivals area.	0
The report of oddly shaped of tortoises in captivity in the mid-1990s prompted the Nature Protection Trust of Seychelles to investigate the identity of these captive tortoises.	0
Eggs can be laid all year around.	1
He owns a red pennyboard which he likes to spend time on to stay active.	1
bar:2001 at:1236 fontsize:XS text: 1236 shift:(-8,5)	0
At TNA Genesis on January 17, Hogan and Bischoff revealed a newly renovated TNA Impact!	0
Alexander Hamilton was shot and mortally wounded by Aaron Burr on the same spot that his son had been killed 3 years before, and by the same set of pistols.	1
1998–2000I4 8VAAM/ANN1781 cc@ 5000 rpm@ 2500 rpm	0
The Special Topics journals are open access; Physics Education Research requires page charges from the authors, but Physical Review Special Topics: Accelerators and Beams does not.	0
Robin Williams named his daughter Zelda after the princess.	1
Respiratory mechanics, the branch of human physiology focusing upon the bio-mechanics of respiration	0
Good bacteria in the Rumen helps soften and digest the cows food and provides protein for the cow.	1
There are seven letters that look the same upside down as right side up: H, I, N, O, S, X, and Z.	1
Researchers are investigating whether coconut husks can be used as a low cost solution to building material in the Philippines.	1
Most MLB All-Star Game appearances at shortstop (15) – 1983–1996, 2001	0
The average smartphone to date takes around 20 seconds to boot up from off to ready for action, the Nokia took a mind-blowing 8 seconds before you could crack open the messenger or the built in currency converter.	1
In 1948, she was a co-founder of the C. G. Jung Institute in Zurich.	0
Juicy Fruit and Wrigley’s Spearmint gums are more than 100 years old!	1
Around half of the brain is used for seeing and vision.	1
On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Abbot for appointment to the grade of brevet major general of volunteers to rank from March 13, 1865 and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1865.	0
Hamartophobia is the fear of sinning.	1
Following repairs at Saipan, she patrolled between Saipan and Iwo Jima until the end of the war.	0
Teddy Roosevelt: Teddy Roosevelt often ate a dozen eggs for breakfast.	1
Persian‘s level-up moves are all Normal-type or Dark-type, except the move Power Gem.	1
Comparative scoring : The method of scoring used in matchpoint or Board-a-Match events.	0
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain	1
Honour killing in delhi 4 Sep 2012.	0
There were 15,028 households out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.20% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.60% were non-families.	0
500 m (1,640 ft)240 min (4 h)480 min (8 h)1,440 min (24 h)2400 min (40 h)	0
Qualifying for the 2010 Stanley Cup Playoffs as the eight and final seed, the Canadiens were able to upset the first seeded Washington Capitals during the first round, and then eliminated the defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins before falling to the Eastern Conference champion Philadelphia Flyers in five games.	0
The Dong are thought to be the modern-day descendants of the ancient Liáo (僚) peoples who occupied much of southern China (Geary 2003).	0
There can be no more illustrious example than Pompidou Centre.	0
(Riding for Team Cmax Dila - Guerciotti - Cogeas)	0
In most milking systems, a milking technician must attach the cluster to each cow, but the machine senses when the cow has been fully milked and drops off independently.	0
Tyler listed ten fallacies that distinguished herbalism from paraherbalism, including claims that there is a conspiracy to suppress safe and effective herbs, herbs can not cause harm, that whole herbs are more effective than molecules isolated from the plants, herbs are superior to drugs, the doctrine of signatures (the belief that the shape of the plant indicates its function) is valid, dilution of substances increases their potency (a doctrine of the pseudoscience of homeopathy), astrological alignments are significant, animal testing is not appropriate to indicate human effects, anecdotal evidence is an effective means of proving a substance works and herbs were created by God to cure disease.	0
Host John Charles Daly quickly called for "the relieving crew" and said "schedule two" (a code word used on live broadcasts in case of an emergency: the cameras are turned to a neutral position and the sound is cut off).	0
Connor Ball’s favourite colour is blue.	1
Other influences included the Brandywine School founded by Howard Pyle.	0
His official Twitter profile is @MaxTheWanted.	1
Shmi Skywalker is the oldest known Skywalker ancestor and is the mother of Anakin.	1
RAM: 8 GB (2x 4 GB modules)	0
Turner posted a 3.74 ERA in 20 starts for the 2013 Marlins, but only went 3–8 as his team finished dead last in runs scored that season.	0
In reality, you usually find hybrid forms of different strategies.	0
On March 3, 1989, President Pérez spoke with U.S. President George H. W. Bush.	0
When Jerry is slightly injured in a fall, they visit a hospital where Jerry meets a nurse named Vanetta (Brenda Vaccaro).	0
Nicki was born on the 8th December, 1984 at Southside Jamaica Queens, New York.	1
It was sculpted by Leonardo Sormani out of marble.The combined value of the cattle and beef industry is $200 billion.	1
Devi, R. & N. Venugopal 2006.	0
As Governor Davidson involved himself in the development of the new colony and made regular visits throughout the colony to increase the visibility of his role.	0
He also points out that Barisov's plan has failed before – the mysterious man who told Renko not to save Demichev in 1955 was Renko himself.	0
January 17, 2014 Second Friday of Epiphany - Apostles Peter and Paul	0
The meeting came through his friendship with Ludendorff's stepson, Heinz Pernet.	0
Mascara wands cause the most injuries out of any cosmetics.	1
‘Mau’ is the Egyptian word for cat, and the oldest surviving cat breed is known as the Egyptian Mau, translated to mean the ‘Egyptian cat’.	1
Ettore Ximenes (April 11, 1855, Palermo - December 20, 1926, Rome) was an Italian sculptor.	0
The painting catches a moment in which a young man of some wealth is having his fortune told by the old woman at right; she takes the coin from his hand, not only in payment, but as part of the ritual in which she will cross his hand with it.	0
Neil has been on Broadway in both musical and drama roles However, his first ever on-stage performance was in 2001 in a concert performance of Sweeney Todd.	1
Jack’s favorite movie genre is Comedy, the favorite film being the Box Office hit.	1
The old Breton word Guerg is not related to gavr, but to parallels like Gaul gwery, or Old Irish ferg, signifying "work".	0
There were 32 multi-family buildings (22.4%), along with 25 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (17.5%) and 8 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (5.6%).	0
He also occasionally performed with other artists, such as David Gilmour of Pink Floyd and Thin Lizzy.	0
The complex implications of such questions are also dealt with in art and literature, while the multiple branches of the Humanities together form an important domain of inquiry into human nature, and the question of what it is to be human.	0
Panda Bear – vocals, samples, electronics, percussion	0
Radau describes Wallace's experiences in Singapore, where goods were far cheaper than in Europe – wire, knives, corkscrews, gunpowder, writing-paper, and he remarks on the spread of the Jesuits into the interior, though the missionaries had to live on just 750 francs a year.	0
A common misconception results because some states have chosen to house their juvenile criminal populations in higher-security boarding schools that are run in a manner similar to military boarding schools.	0
Love Actually is one of Harry’s favourite films.	1
Machajski's contributions foreshadowed the debate over the nature of the Soviet Union and the Soviet-style societies, including the critiques of Leninism, Stalinism and Maoism.	0
It is predominant in the Indian subcontinent including India, Bangladesh, and Myanmar; but also very common in other south-east Asian countries like Bali, Indonesia, Malaysia etc.	0
sol-gel processing, melt) or an external (additional binder system, e.g.	0
The oceans drain approximately 83% of the land in the world.	0
In 2006 and 2007, Phillip Island hosted the grand finale of the V8 Supercars Championship Series, as well as a regular MotoGP and Superbike round.	0
She also became the youngest woman to reach all Grand Slam finals, and the youngest woman to win three Grand Slams in a calendar year.	0
Western Ride - merry go round in Legoredo Town.	0
Should the male totem prove stronger, the woman will become pregnant.	0
28th February is known as National Tooth Fairy Day.	1
Living in the Grand Canyon, you’ll find a vast amount of wildlife – 90 mammal species, 250 bird species, 25 reptile species, and 5 amphibian species.	1
March 4, 1853 - March 3, 1855	0
It was first performed on 11 October 1786 at the Gatchina Palace in Russia by aristocratic amateur singers.	0
Strategic management is not static in nature; the models often include a feedback loop to monitor execution and inform the next round of planning.	0
He has blue eyes and brown hair.	1
The name ASOS is an acronym for “As Seen On Screen”.	1
It is expected to serve 250,000 travelers daily when it opens on December 15, 2015.	0
The popular movement began with the lighting of 24 beacons at Mt.	0
Historians believe that lemons have been around since first century A.D.	1
Khar was used in the roof of the Bungalow house and kept the house cold during hot summer days.	0
They are one of the Chinese Zodiac animals, depicting wood.	1
Meanwhile, Jon Anderson had released two solo albums since leaving Yes and had also achieved success with the Jon and Vangelis project.	0
Most visitors land on Grand Cayman, as the name implies, the largest of the three islands, and inter-island flights are available to get to the other two sister islands.	0
Typically the conidiophore terminates in one or a few phialides.	0
Ashton was the last member to join 5 Seconds of Summer.	1
If a snake has it’s head chopped off – that chopped-off head can still bite and unleash a huge amount of venom.	1
During the period when the stones were being created, Christianity was spreading through Scotland from the west and the south, through the kingdoms of Dál Riata, which included parts of Ireland, and the extension into modern Scotland of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of Bernicia and Nothumbria.	0
A Symonds bull used for breeding beef cattle.	0
On the autobahn, the robot S-Class achieved speeds exceeding 175 km/h.	0
He carefully select pitchers that didn't have any dead insects inside.	0
Your blood is 6 times thicker than water	1
'topolino' is the name for Mickey Mouse Italy	1
Ivan Murray & Alex McKee (Caretakers)	0
Icelandic nouns are much like Old Norse, both in form and inflection.	0
The sale was completed on November 9, 1989 after Sony's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment a day earlier.	0
Zayn’s first kiss was at age 10, with a girl called Sophie Kirk.	1
| | | | | | | | | | | Macaroni 1860	0
Jorge Garcia has tried a vegan diet in the past in an attempt to lose weight.	1
It does not contain in genere breathings and accents.	0
The bridge cost €100,000 to construct.	0
Mills was investigated in Italy for money laundering and alleged tax fraud.	0
Liam has a tattoo of the letter ‘D’ on his left hand.	1
In its philosophy statement, PCHR repudiates the Oslo Accords as 'fatally flawed' and adds: Moreover, the Oslo accords failed to address the essential elements of the Palestinian question -- the right to self-determination, the right to an independent Palestinian state with its capital in Jerusalem, the right of return for Palestinian refugees and the removal of Israeli settlements from the OPT.	0
In an interview, Brad said that if he was invisible, he would follow James into the bathroom!	1
As of the census of 2010, there were 13,020 people, 5,894 households, and 3,259 families residing in the city.	0
On average, fat cells will exist in your body for 10 years before they are replaced.	1
Mount Everest is 8.9km (5.5 miles) high	1
Morgan had played on Dizzy Gillespie's recording of I Remember Clifford	0
Jean Hervé Basan de Flamenville (1695–1721)	0
The tower stands for Herzberg Castle.	0
upstream: Provides software which is present in Ubuntu but patched or modified by Linux Mint.	0
Translations were provided by chemist Takamine Jokichi.	0
The Pont Saint-Bénézet ( ), also known as the Pont d'Avignon ( ), is a famous medieval bridge in the town of Avignon, in southern France.	0
Star Wars: The Force Awakens was originally titled The Shadow of the Empire.	1
The books were about Worth’s experiences as a district nurse and midwife.	1
Calico received California Historical Landmark #782, and in 2005 was proclaimed by then-Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to be California's Silver Rush Ghost Town.	0
The land was plowed by teams of oxen pulling light unwheeled plows and grain was harvested with sickle.	0
"An Analysis of Mountain Lion Predation Upon Mule Deer and Elk in The Idaho Primitive Area" Wildlife Monographs.	0
His autobiography was on The New York Times best seller list for two weeks.	1
Over 23,000 people speak a language called ‘anal’ or Namfu in India and Burma.	1
The original Blackville School was located on Alcorn Drive, near the present-day skating rink; the school burned down in the early 1970s.	0
File:Sea hare, Aplysia dactylomela, 12 04 2009 2-02pm.jpg| Aplysia dactylomela showing its mouth	0
Councillor Muldoon - Brian Moll (1982-1992)	0
Virgin Rail offered a voucher worth ₤20 to allow the unhappy employees to purchase a top to wear underneath the new blouses.	0
Assuming things are as they were, Dicky prepares to spar with his brother, but Micky informs him that he's no longer allowed per Micky's agreement with his current team.	0
The video was re-released six years later in March 1999.	0
100% Sitcoms, 100% Unreality (October 2001–February 2002)	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.	0
Ian Somerdale (known as Damon Salvatore in the television show The Vampire Diaries) initially auditioned for the role of Jason Stackhouse, before the part when to Kwanten.	1
A roll of three ones, (a 3), is a Critical Failure, (even if all you only needed to roll was a 3 to succeed the check), and subtract 2d6 from the total.	0
The plants grow best with fertilisation.	0
at JLPP (Japanese Literature Publishing Project)	0
Reports indicate that anything catching sight of the lethal Bird's eyes is turned instantly to stone.	0
One of the facilities at CFB Winnipeg is the Billy Bishop Building which houses the headquarters of 1 Canadian Air Division (1 CAD) as well as the headquarters of Canadian North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) Region.	0
Over 60 million people have played games based on Sonic the Hedgehog.	1
Scientists have no idea how dinosaurs mated.	1
As of April 2017, Vera has won 19 different awards for her acting throughout her career, including two for her portrayal of Norma Bates in Bates Motel.	1
They were born 3 months earlier than they were meant to.	1
George’s favourite cartoon character is Ash Ketchum from Pokémon.	1
The children were also mentioned, but not their number, by other witnesses.	0
Windham would feud with TV Champion "Stunning" Steve Austin in the spring of 1992.	0
Energy Sector Management Assistance Program (ESMAP)	0
File:Alfred-stevens-will-you-go-out-with-me-fido-1859.jpg|Alfred Stevens, Will you go out with me, Fido?, 1859	0
The duo finished 10th in the driver's championship.	0
Arsenal defeat Leicester City 2-1 in the Premier League to become the first team to go unbeaten in the top tier English league since Preston North End in the 1888-1889 season, going 26W-12D-0L.	0
Linteum ("cord"), otherwise Delta Piscium (δ Psc), 305 lightyears, class K5III, apparent magnitude 4.44	0
Rommel inflicted a sharp defeat on the American forces at the Kasserine Pass in February—what proved to be his last battlefield victory of the war, as well as his first battle against the United States Army.	0
Saltwater crocodiles enjoy catching a wave and can travel hundreds of kilometres by "surfing" on ocean currents.	1
2005: the top ten finalists of the French televised Nouvelle Star cut a remake, which reached Number 15 in France.	0
The success of this led to the creation of the Batman series.	0
Highgate Wood in Haringey is one of only eight Green Heritage sites in London.	0
Though harsh disputes still followed, the People's Republic of Angola was finally dismantled in 1992, becoming the present day Republic of Angola.	0
Image:Kaiser Crater.JPG|Kaiser Crater (large crater in upper part of image)context for THEMIS image.	0
The algae found in the world's oceans produces nearly 50% of the world's oxygen	1
Louis admits to being very messy, although I don’t really see anybody complaining about cleaning up after him!	1
On 16 August 2013, the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP), the regulating body of the Government of the Republic of the Philippines for civil aviation, suspended Zest Air flights until further notice due to safety issues.	0
Image:Huygens and Oort Buildings.JPG|The Huygens Laboratory (left) and J.H.	0
The world’s largest firework weighed 464.826 kg (1,024.76 lb) and was equivalent to launching grand piano half a kilometre into the air.	1
Seen from the east or west, Mount Mansfield looks like a human face laying horizontally, with peaks at the forehead, nose, lip, chin, and adam's apple.	1
Al Sanders (1941-1995), American news broadcaster	0
The famous London Eye is the tallest observation wheel in the world… each of its rotations from start to finish takes about 30 minutes.	1
When Richard and Catherine run into each other in the hotel where they are staying, they have a one-night stand.	0
This revelation allows him to finally allow himself to experience life as a man.	0
Due to the inaccessibility of the area there was only a small Omeo gold rush.	0
Now they are more selective, as there are simply too many shows to cover, although they do see almost every new play being staged as part of the Fringe's theatre programme, because of their Fringe First awards.	0
At a recent Great Western Beef Expo, a pen of South Devon's placed first on feed	0
He reached a large popularity with several variety shows on radio and later on television, notably with the variety television L'amico del giaguaro (1961-1964).	0
He held this office until 1836, when he was consecrated bishop of the new see of Ripon.	0
Asian option – an option whose payoff is determined by the average underlying price over some preset time period.	0
His full name is Alfred Thomas Highmore, he was born in London, England, on Valentine’s Day (February 14th) 1992, making him 27 years old.	1
Santa Gertrudis cattle are known the world over for their ability to adapt to harsh climates.	1
Right-handed pitcherBaltimore OriolesTampa Bay Devil Rays	0
In the episode Big Trouble In Little Sanchez in Season 2 of Rick and Morty, a picture of Bill Cipher, the antagonist of Gravity Falls, can be seen on a monitor when Beth and Jerry go to counselling.	1
John McFee - steel guitar on "Saint Dominic's Preview"	0
It is believed that of the 5 Maiar sent to Middle Earth, Gandalf is the only one who remained true to his mission.	1
The state of Ohio gives out different colored license plates for those convicted of DUI.	1
26th March is Purple Day, which is a day where people dress in purple and raise awareness for Epilepsy.	1
The number 25 in baseball is usually held by the team’s best slugger.	1
Sons and daughters of the town	0
Audubon's Birds of America, Popular Edition.	0
He also noted his battle against Himura Kenji to be very entertaining, but not as much as the previous fight which was between Kenshin and Yukishiro Enishi.	0
A more recent photograph of one of the features shows sunlight illuminating a side wall, suggesting that it may simply be a vertical pit rather than an entrance to a larger underground space.	0
Settlements with absolute or relative Serb majority are: Medveđa, Bogunovac, Borovac, Varadin, Velika Braina, Donji Bučumet, Donji Gajtan, Donja Lapaštica, Drence, Đulekare, Lece, Maćedonce, Maćedonce (Retkocersko), Medevce, Mrkonje, Negosavlje, Petrilje, Poroštica, Pusto Šilovo, Ravna Banja, Retkocer, Rujkovac, Sijarinska Banja, Srednji Bučumet, Stubla, Tulare, Crni Vrh, and Čokotin.	0
On 4 July 2013, Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot after review meeting directed officials not to settle for any compromises on the quality of work and safety of people.	0
Quipu — Inca Empire, 15th century, is thought by some to have been a writing system, but is generally believed to be an accounting system.	0
Further analysis may indicate whether the lunula had been made of Irish or Scottish gold.	0
| 20 || 2 || 6.6 || .465 || .500 || .882 || 1.6 || .4 || .2 || .1 || 2.9	0
On top of his autobiography, Neil Patrick Harris has published a young adult novel called The Magic Misfits which is the first of a four-book series.	1
A metal construction chemical hopper was installed in the cabin near the centre of gravity, feeding a spreader through a 300mm orifice.	0
In 1976 Ron Wayne sold his shares in Apple for $800 - today they'd be worth over $35 billion.	1
Clownfish are sometimes known as anemonefish.	1
In this sense, the "role of the English trustee therefore does not differ significantly from that of the mutawalli."	0
cold, recommencing its activity as the weather begins to moderate in March or	0
Each elephant has completely unique ears.	1
A year on Mercury is just then 88 days long.	1
Women's wrestling and women's sabre made their debut at the 2004 games.	0
Tom and Jerry were originally called Jasper and Jinx.	1
A theatrical and charismatic individual, Clarke could "charm senior officers brilliantly, but he also got things done".	0
The song has become popular in Russia, and has reached #1 on the Europa Plus Chart, the radio station of the organizers of the festival.	0
A fixed amount of believers’ income was set aside for alms and the support of itinerant evangelists.	0
Initially, only two weak German infantry divisions held the intended attack frontage, south and east of Caumont, although they had laid extensive minefields and constructed substantial defences.	0
As social animals, wolves use different hunting techniques than the solitary cougar, but the two species prey on similar animals.	0
Most of this pure water is generated on site, either from natural freshwater or from municipal grey water.	0
Sufism emphasizes the importance of esoteric knowledge and the spiritual union with God through the heart.	0
The instrument cycled through the three modes while observing the surface geology, topography, and temperature of Venus using the 3.7-meter parabolic, high-gain antenna and a small fan-beam antenna, located just to the side.	0
File:Santa Monica Parish Churcjf3437 08.JPG|Mater Dolorosa and bust of crown of thorns (Santa Monica Parish Church, Philippines)	0
According to Livy a feeder of the sacred chicken (pullarius) in the Roman army falsely reported favorable auspices to the consul, and that this falsification was discovered prior to battle.	0
Sprinkling the juice on other fruits can prevent them turning brown.	1
Political prisoners in the former East Germany provided some of the labor that helped Ikea keep its prices so low.	1
The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.05.	0
Beat was screened at the Sundance Festival, where he played a male hustler.	1
A racetrack based on Skies of Arcadia is also present in the game.	0
It wasn’t until the year after that he started posting regularly, and thus built up his fan base.	1
Calling him a "Spanish-Portuguese", suspecting and accusing him of his recently proved Jewish converso origin.	0
Born into a wealthy banker family, he was sent to Merton College, Oxford to study Classics in 1936.	0
Kanye West’s song “Hey Mama” was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.	1
Darwin was torn between the desire to set out a full and convincing account and the pressure to quickly produce a short paper.	0
For Christmas in 2015, Cameron Dallas spent the day with his dad, which was the first Christmas with his father in 16 years!	1
While the chipmunks quarrel with each other, Donald looks on amused and provokes them to fight.	0
The rest belonged to other faiths or adhered to none.	0
Rock Paper Scissors was invented in China, but popularized in Japan, where it's called "Janken."	1
Flecktarn (German: "spotted camouflage"; also known as Flecktarnmuster or Fleckentarn) is a 3-, 4-, 5- or 6-color disruptive camouflage pattern, the most common being the five-color pattern, consisting of dark green, light green, black, red brown and green brown or tan depending on the manufacturer.	0
File:Shabaqa-Statue.jpg| Statue of Shabaka from the Louvre	0
Annotated English translation of Essai sur le Beau	0
Black's delay in committing to a pawn structure makes the Nimzo-Indian (sometimes colloquially referred to as the "Nimzo") a very flexible defence to 1.d4.	0
Jerseys can be horned or polled, with horns often being short and curving upwards.	0
1st, Stages 1 & 5: Tyler Farrar	0
Djemaa Beni Habibi is a municipality in Jijel province.	0
Even without removing the password, most freeware or open source PDF readers ignore the permission "protections" and allow the user to print or make copy of excerpts of the text as if the document were not limited by password protection.	0
Unlike many other ancient buildings, the Pantheon has been in continuous use throughout its history.	0
Nevertheless, the narrator bribes a turnkey to make sure Bartleby gets good and plentiful food.	0
The video for ‘The Kill’ was based on the film The Shining by Stephen King.	1
‘The Fray’ is Louis’ favourite band.	1
As Gude approached the end of his life he felt more and more unable to keep up with the changes in the art world.	0
A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement &amp; permission of six different Christian leaders.	1
Some make black bean soy sauce.	0
Geoffrey Landis has pointed out that the capture could have occurred if the original body was a binary asteroid that separated under tidal forces.	0
This consists of workshops, restaurant, studios and apartments.	0
As a member of Cromwell's army in Ireland, he confiscated from the O'Connor Don family, which included Castlerea.	0
A Collection Of Short Stories (Reload) - Infonet 1993	0
Also, Scarf's method was proven non-computable to a precise solution by Velupillai (2006).	0
BTS was the first K-Pop group to get their own Twitter emojis.	1
His first EP is called “Magnetic” that was released on 4th June 2015, and has gone on to become quite the historical mention in several business categories like internet, media and music.	1
This small birth-weight makes Ankole-Watusi bulls useful for	0
"Up the Hill and Down the Slope" (Creation, 1985)	0
After a gap of 2 years, Keys recorded a chart topping song ‘My Boo‘ with Usher in 2004, which topped Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs for 6 weeks and 3 weeks respectively.	1
Seorae Village in Banpo-dong, is a small French enclave, with a large concentration of French residents and European-style restaurants, dessert cafes, as well as wineries and cafes stand along its main street.	0
Ashton likes girls who are “unique and beautiful in their own way”.	1
Cardi B is the first woman to have five top 10 singles at once on the Billboard Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop chart.	1
The municipality had one primary class and 16 students.	0
The latter is the most commonly quoted elevation and is quoted here.	0
October is usually the month with the heaviest snowfall, with measurable amounts occurring on nearly half the days and an average total accumulation of .	0
Due to its Mediterranean climate, California is able to produce over 17 million gallons of wine each year.	1
Most of the region's vineyards lie upon the escarpment's eastern-facing slope that rise gently upward from the shores of Lake Michigan to the top of the Ledge, before dropping sharply off into Green Bay, and benefit greatly from constant air movement from Lake Michigan, which stores warmth during the summer.	0
Healey's autobiography, Lions, Tigers and Roses, was published by Oxford University Press in 2001.	0
During maneuvers on 17 December 1917, she and collided, the latter sinking almost immediately.	0
Flora was a print first seen on scarves, and was specifically requested by Grace Kelly, Princess of Monaco.	1
His grandfather was one of a handful of petty kings within German-speaking central Europe.	0
Wimbledon originally played on Wimbledon Common, using the Fox and Grapes public house in Camp Road as the team's headquarters and changing room.	0
Before September 1, 2011, Texas had a statutory 65 mph (105 km/h) night speed limit on all roads with a higher daytime limit.	0
Golfer Tiger Woods had a pet dog as a child, and used to talk to it for hours every day in an attempt to get rid of his childhood stutter.	1
Attack of the Giant Tomatoes/The Dinosaur Doozy/Funhouse Grouch	0
USCGC Tamaroa (WMEC-166) was a United States Coast Guard cutter during World War II	0
He unknowingly left his bicycle in Steven Spielberg’s parking space when they first met.	1
I thought it was good things.	0
The baseplate, however, was pressed steel with etched lettering (not diecast with moulded lettering as was the case with Matchbox, Budgie Toys or Lone Star vehicles).	0
Almost all languages allow open syllables, but some, such as Hawaiian, do not have closed syllables.	0
Republican Representative Marsha Farney, reared in Lamar County, represents District 20, which includes the northern portion of Williamson County in the Austin suburbs.	0
A team of psychiatrists concluded that former kidnap victim turned criminal, Patty Hearst, was competent to stand trial.	0
In the upper primary level, there are 44 or 43.1% who are female, 25 or 24.5% are not Swiss citizens and 26 or 25.5% do not speak German natively.	0
The legal name of Richard Branson's nephew (and Kate Winslet's new husband) is Ned RocknRoll.	1
Pontecurone (Piedmontese: Poncròu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located on the left bank of the Curone, about east of Turin and about east of Alessandria.	0
Surgeons who grew up playing video games make 37% fewer mistakes.	1
The original Star-Spangled Banner was sewn on the floor of a brewery in Baltimore in 1813 by Mary Pickersgill and her daughter.	1
His tosafot are quoted by Eliezer b. Joel ha-Levi (l.c.	0
If he got a tattoo, he stated it would be something “pretentious.”	1
His background was as Service manager, Jaguar Cars 1946–56, service director 1956–61, assistant managing director 1961–66, deputy managing director 1966–67, joint managing director 1967–68, deputy chairman 1968–72, chairman and chief executive 1972–74.	0
Silicon is a component of some superalloys.	0
Their band name UFO was changed because it was already being used.	1
Anslem also recorded a Classic 60s riddim with Lil Bitts called I Want To Know.	0
He was widely praised for his time at CBO for preparing the agency for the debates to come.	0
Set up in 1973, the International Queen Fan Club is officially recognized by Guinness World Record, as being the longest running Rock group fan club.	1
The village borders the Ujście Warty National Park.	0
The club was founded in 1938.	0
Jennifer Aniston was known as the class clown in high school.	1
Today, the French naval infantry recognizes the defense of the last house on the road to Sedan as an identity building event.	0
Trypophobia is the fear of holes.	1
Fresh apples float because they contain 25% air	1
1960 "for his distinguished contributions to radio astronomy both in the study of solar and of cosmic ray emission"—	0
The Florida panther is a subspecies of Puma concolor (also known as mountain lion, cougar, or puma) and represents the only known breeding population of puma in the eastern United States.	1
The ceremony was held at the Carlu theatre in Toronto.	0
These actinopterygian fin rays attach directly to the proximal or basal skeletal elements, the radials, which represent the link or connection between these fins and the internal skeleton (e.g., pelvic and pectoral girdles).	0
Burnham and Baden-Powell remained close friends for their long lives.	0
It would take past the deadline for Lufton to gather the herd back together.	0
It appears that Tusculum and Aricia took the lead in organising an anti-Roman alliance.	0
Staten Island, a borough of New York City and an island in the Hudson River	0
Kyle & Randall (Isaiah Washington and Harry J. Lennix) - a gay couple in the midst of breaking up.	0
Contrary to urban legend, Jagermeister does not contain elk blood, however the founder was an avid hunter, and the name Jagermeister literally translates to “hunt master”.	1
Her full name is Lisa Marie Simpson.	1
The whole Harry Potter series contains 199 chapters, 4,224 pages and 1,090,739 words and has been made into 19 hours and 39 minutes of film.	1
IBM sold a smartphone with a touchscreen display input that could send emails and run third party apps already in 1994.	1
The lotus leaves are used to wrapping other food items and it helps preserve their freshness.	0
Spread Tha Luv / Tha Dogg Pound feat.	0
Less than 20% of shark attacks are fatal	1
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point – When blindfolded, we will gradually walk in a circle.	1
1908–1910 – 400 Beacon Street, Dupee Estate-Mary Baker Eddy Home, Chestnut Hill, Newton, Massachusetts.	0
The winner of the first season of Fashion Star was Kara Laricks, with Ronnie Escalante and Nzimiro Oputa finishing as runners-up.	0
Drizzt forces Bruenor to choose the destiny of the land and Bruenor leaps atop the back of Obould, and spring boards himself into Grguch.	0
He became the Director of the Center for Visual Anthropology after the death of founder Barbara Myerhoff.	0
It can also be made so thin that it appears transparent.	0
Nominated: Worst "Original" Song (Sweet Lovin' Friends)	0
Taylor (Illustrator), Scholastic Book Services, 1988, 28 pages	0
Samuel Robbins Brown and all were quickly absorbed into the local foreign community, Hepburn being appointed honorary physician to the US Consul, Townsend Harris.	0
In 2014, Mitsubishi is planning to release the new Grandis during 2016, to compete with the Opel Zafira Tourer, Volkswagen Touran and Peugeot 5008.	0
In general, people tend to read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper.	1
In 2005, TV Guide ranked Clooney #1 on its "50 Sexiest Stars of All Time" list.	0
Her first award was in 2010, where she received the BBC Sound of 2011.	1
The call of a Kookaburra is used as the stock jungle sound effect in many movies and shows set in the jungles of Africa or South America, even though they are only in Australia and New Guinea.	1
Students who fail in their exams or who do not achieve high enough grades do not continue with the subject in their sixth and seventh years.	0
The Nintendo 64 was a ground-breaking console, being the first ever console to feature 3D graphics.	1
She is a huge fan of Johnny Depp.	1
From 2001 through 2007 Okoduwa played over 100 games in the Ukrainian top division, mainly Arsenal Kyiv.	0
The strangest things they have been given by fans are tins of baked beans.	1
Shortly afterwards, he was invited to perform a piano recital for President Woodrow Wilson.	0
The film stars Vanessa Redgrave, Christopher Reeve, Madeleine Potter and Jessica Tandy.	0
A number of Western ships recorded landfall on or passage by Toke during the 1800s, but no attempt at settlement or establishment of food animals was noted, likely due to the convenience of the settlement on nearby Utirik.	0
La Sagrada Familia, in Spain, will take longer to complete than the Great Pyramid of Egypt.	1
Most airlines have height requirements for safety reasons, making sure that all flight attendants can reach overhead safety equipment.	0
Hares are born with fur and can see whilst rabbits are born ‘naked’ and blind.	1
Bill runs back to camp and he and Running Moon flee only to be caught.	0
On 5th February 2014, 5 Seconds of Summer listed their worldwide debut single “She Looks So Perfect” for pre-order on the iTunes Store.	1
The main Hongo campus occupies the former estate of the Maeda family, Edo period feudal lords of Kaga Province.	0
According to the Detroit Free Press, Myers earned a reputation for her "humour and patience" in handling the White House press corps, often delivering "quick one-liners" while issuing daily press briefings.	0
Only males are permitted entry into the Old St. Mary's Cathedral (some say as a result of the destruction of the original church by Gudit).	0
Unix man pagesThe standard method used to document Unix commands.	0
With the economic slump following September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Time Warner did away with the imprint in 2004.	0
She is 38 years old and was born on the 23rd June 1980.	1
with users given the option to not install the toolbar.	0
He has become an established member of the Welsh national team, who he has also represented at under-21 level.	0
During the music hall era, cabarets and cafes were crowded with personalities and Parisians could catch glimpses of the stars of the day.	0
Mannophryne lamarcai is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	0
Shawn Mendes is allergic to mosquitoes.	1
A number of private clinics and hospitals are also present in the town, including a branch of MediCity Private Clinic.	0
In German, the word for Wednesday (Mittwoch) is the only day of the week not to end with “tag,” which means “day.”	1
The name Milky Way derives from the Greek galaxías kýklos or milky circle due to its appearance as a dim milky band in the sky.	1
Torah descends from on High, while man ascends the levels of PaRDeS exegesis in Torah from Below.	0
In March, he moved on loan again, to Darlington.	0
Latias is saved by Ash and Pikachu.	0
the Stud Book and Stud Book Certificates with the addition	0
But his first works, with their portrait of decline and cruelty brought on by bourgeois society, were admitting of a Marxist interpretation.	0
The Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry issued its recommendations on the future of Palestine, including allowing up to 100,000 Jewish refugees from Europe to be resettled in the area, but barring a Jewish state.	0
The most memorable game of Scott's 2008 season was in the quarter finals of the US Open Cup against the Kansas City Wizards, where he capped an outstanding defensive performance with the winning penalty shootout goal, sending Seattle to the semifinals for the second year in a row.	0
The world’s smallest cockroach is only 3 mm long!	1
A wave of Revolutions occurred throughout the Eastern Bloc in 1989.	0
Ron Moore for Comptroller 12,629 1.67%	0
Mother’s Day is the second most popular day for gift giving, after Christmas!	1
Dementors feed of from human emotions, although they do have difficulty sensing an animals emotions as their feelings are more primitive then a humans.	1
In October 1990 Chaguanas was elevated to the status of borough under the provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act No.	0
His hometown is Newmarket, London, United Kingdom.	1
As Head of Production at Paramount	0
Her favourite chocolates are Kit-Kat’s and Twix’s.	1
In this episode, Anya invents the name "Anya Christina Emmanuella Jenkins" to give to the Council delegation.	0
Google’s headquarters is called Googleplex, which is a combination of Google + Complex.	1
The competition was replaced by the World Road Running Championships in 2006 and 2007, but revived as IAAF World Half Marathon Championships in 2008.	0
Goldhagen conveys well the reality that all men in the battalion truly did have the option to not participate in the killing.	0
The current N4 cars were supposed to compete instead in WRC-2, alongside the current S2000, R4 and R5 cars.	0
Brian Connolly - lead vocals (1968–1978)	0
Its anticipated capacity is with a maximum of .	0
These include the H1 main line running from Changde Bus Station to Deshan Bus Station and seven branch lines, H11, H12, H13, H15, H16, L12, and L13 although there are a total of only 24 BRT stations in the city.	0
as well as a music video by Osymyso.	0
The first material to freeze is not the water, but a dilute solution of alcohol in water.	0
Brazil accounts for 1/3 of the world's coffee production	1
The Valérian and Laureline (1967 – present) – drawn by Mézières, written by Pierre Christin.	0
In 1913, Mexico had three different presidents, in a span of one hour!	1
Though dragonflies possess 6 legs like any other insect, they cannot walk!	1
The team's final record was 1-13-0.	0
2011–13: Independiente, Metamorfosis and world tour	0
defends them vigorously against males lions, which may kill them.	0
The rafflesia is a parasitic plant that digs invisibly into a host vine that is a member of the grape family.	0
Drake is 32 years old and was born on October 24, 1986 in Toronto, Ontario in Canada.	1
He spent an additional brutal four months in a ten-foot-by-ten-foot concrete bunker in Camp Peary.	0
The Legend of Kyrandia received 5 out of 5 stars in Dragon magazine; The Hand of Fate received 4 out of 5.	0
Baron de la Tour, Oliergues, Maringues and Montgacon, Peer of France.	0
Suwon Agriculture College (Suwon Nongnim Jeonmunhakgyo, 수원농림전문학교)	0
He wrote a diary for The Spectator.	0
Bill Thompson (racing driver), 3-time winner of the Australian Grand Prix in the 1930s	0
A seller of cheese is known as a ‘cheesemonger’.	1
Risco de los Pájaros (2,334 m, 7,657 ft)	0
The emperor then named the family Királyfalvy.	0
After leaving Haverstock School, he travelled in France for several months before returning home to live with his parents and grandmother.	0
Bender Bending RodrÃ­guez was a failed Bending Unit 22, built by the Mom Corporation.	1
Useful life of a modern toilet is 50 years	1
Liam has a “man-crush” on Taylor Lautner from the Twilight series.	1
All 113 passengers and crew on board died.	0
Seán McKiernan is an Irish traditional musician of Carna, County Galway who plays the uilleann pipes.	0
Outstanding Lead Actor in a Television Movie or Mini-Series	0
Uelses was assisted by use of a pole made of fiberglass.	0
In captivity, they can live up to five years.	1
Unlike the purposeful importations of many breeds, the path of the Ankole‑Watusi to the United States was indirect if not accidental.	0
These cute creatures live in grasslands, rainforests, and semi-arid locations.	1
Giulia and Lucrezia became close friends.	0
Nintendo trademarked the phrase “it’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2001 after appearing in Ice Cubes “Now I Gotta Wet’Cha” hit.	1
Many Hindu deities like Brahma, Lakshmi and Saraswati are depicted to be seated on a lotus flower.	1
She attended Brigham Young University in Utah, United States.	1
Krisse Salminen (born 1976), Finnish stand-up comedian and television talkshow hostess	0
On the southeast edge of Neupré lies the Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial, the resting place of over 5,000 American soldiers who died in Northern Europe during World War II.	0
He is most famous for posting videos of himself lip syncing popular songs.	1
Broward is one of the very few Florida politicians to have achieved lasting national recognition.	0
Sibling rivalry increases when children feel they are getting unequal amounts of their parents' attention, where there is stress in the parents' and children's lives, and where fighting is accepted by the family as a way to resolve conflicts.	0
The strength of the Army grew in the first six months from about 46,380 to 62,230 soldiers.	0
The smallest dog is the Chihuahua!	1
At the dedication ceremony the Secretary of State said the following words about him: “One voice that should have spoken here today is silent, but many of us cannot forget or cease to mourn and to honor our dear and noble friend, Joaquim Nabuco.	0
Greyhounds are the only breed of dog mentioned in the bible.	1
After Shi's death in 1233, Lizong assumed full authority briefly but again quickly abandoned the responsibility of ruling and delegated matters to his prime minister Ding Da Quan in order to pursue personal enjoyment.	0
He played for Premier League team Wigan Athletic, before joining AaB with whom he won the Danish Superliga and was named team captain.	0
December 22 – Thomas C. Südhof, German-born biochemist, winner of the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.	0
In addition, dredge-harvesting methods often result in delays of up to two weeks before the scallops arrive at market, which can cause the flesh to break down, and results in a much shorter shelf life.	0
Because F_{2a} Hilbert's tenth problem is unsolvable for the ring of integers of any algebraic number field whose Galois group over the rationals is abelian.	0
McGill defeated the nationally ranked fifth overall Alberta Pandas by a 3-0 mark During the 2011–12 McGill Martlets women&apos;s ice hockey season, she was named an alternate captain.	0
It implements a model similar to the structure of the PSTN with the power of the network residing in a call control center softswitch which is analogous to the central office in the telephone networks.	0
Cyrus Sahami, The President of the FUM between 1979 and 1980, holder of the doctorat d'état in geography from Sorbonne, a leading professor of rural and human geography in Iran	0
The diameter of Jupiter is 152,800km (88 700 miles)	1
February 13, 2013093Información sobre Jesús García26.343 minutes	0
The protagonist of the series is Ethan Wate, a sixteen year old boy.	1
Steven Bull quotes the catchwords in the Encyclopedia of Military Technology and Innovation (2004) as originating in 1941.	0
He has a green belt in Taekwondo, and is one year away from receiving his black belt – that’s one human year by the way.	1
There are three men currently on death row for crimes they committed at age 18 or 19.	0
The 21 year old head of the Security department, she wears a military uniform under her maid apron.	0
When a leopard stalks prey, it keeps a low profile and slinks close to the ground.	0
Her full name is Rutina Wesley.	1
Born into a family of Muslim notables of Fez, Mohamed Ben Abdejlil, who had made the Hajj to Mecca with his father, converted to Catholicism and was baptized in April 7, 1928 in the chapel of Franciscan college of Fontenay-sous-bois, taking the Christian name Jean, with sponsor of French orientalist Louis Massignon.	0
Hill's first professional sale was in 1997.	0
He reigned from 1163 until 1184 in Marrakech.	0
In Roman numerals, the number 24 is written as XXIV.	1
The world’s richest tattoo artist is Scott Campbell, who charges $1,000 for the first hour and only works on the weekends.	1
Oenophobia is the fear of wine.	1
Friedl, Frederich, Nicholas Ott and Bernard Stein.	0
Jacob went on tour with Cameron, who is a member of the famous Magcon group.	1
Going to the beach relieves stress.	1
Scotland qualified for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, their fourth in succession, in traumatic circumstances.	0
5) in Florence in May 1983.	0
Cows have almost total 360 degree panoramic vision and are able to see colors, except red.	1
Keep reading for more facts and information on the leopardÂ or alternatively download ourÂ comprehensive worksheet packÂ to utilise within the classroom or home environment.	0
The average life expectancy of a toucan is a very impressive 20 years.	1
Some of Beethoven’s most important works were composed in the last decade of his life, at which point he was entirely deaf.	1
Shorter-term variations such as sunspot cycles, and longer episodes such as the Maunder minimum, which occurred during the coldest part of the Little Ice Age.	0
Besh o droM is a Hungarian music group.	0
Lyndon B. Johnson: LBJ was elected president of his 11th grade high school class.	1
Hays, Samuel P. "From the History of the City to the History of the Urbanized Society," Journal of Urban History, (1993) 19#1 pp 3–25.	0
Your sense of smell is around 100 times stronger than your sense of taste.	1
He is currently married to Neha Kapur, who was Miss India 2006!	1
A cat’s urine glows under a blacklight!	1
Peresvet lost a total of three 6-inch, two 75-millimeter, two 47-millimeter and four 37-millimeter guns.	0
Syrgiannes Palaiologos Philanthropenos ( , 1290 – 1334) was a Byzantine aristocrat and general of mixed Cuman and Greek descent, who was involved in the civil war between Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos (r. 1282–1328) and his grandson Andronikos III (r. 1328–1341).	0
Other characters "translate" what she "says".	0
Back in Buenos Aires, he worked as a bouncer in a bar – a far cry from the Vatican!	1
When Pablo Picasso died in 1973, he was the richest artist in history.	1
(1938) 825 hp, developed from Mercury VIII.	0
Roger Taylor wrote four tracks for the band, they were the 1984 “Radio Ga Ga,” 1986 “A Kind of Magic,” 1989 “The Invisible Man,” and the 1991 track “These are the Days of our Lives.”	1
Toilets use 35% of indoor water use	1
Not Tier I or Was Not Held	0
It is not the same as an emotion.	0
In astrology, Sunday is associated with the Sun.	1
This results in a positive feedback loop, where more power allows the player to help their population grow which helps them gain more power.	0
Once he becomes self-aware again, he forgives Jun for what her family did to him and becomes very protective of her.	0
Tingatinga was born in 1932 in a village called Namochelia, in the Tunduru District of Ruvuma Region in southern Tanzania, near the border with northern Mozambique.	0
June 10Derek FisherLos Angeles Lakers (1996–2004) Golden State Warriors (2004–2006) Utah Jazz (2006–2007) Los Angeles Lakers (2007–2012) Oklahoma City Thunder (2012; 2013–2014) Dallas Mavericks (2012)395× NBA champion (2000–2002, 2009–2010)align=center|	0
Moyer’s first film role was as Prince Valiant in the 1997 film, Prince Valiant.	1
She attended Abbs Cross Academy and Arts College in Hornchurch, Essex.	1
In poor signal conditions, Type II Hybrid ARQ performs with as good sensitivity as standard FEC.	0
Justin’s dad is the person who taught him how to drive.	1
"My Direction" by Sum 41 (wXw)	0
The dollar values on the board game Monopoly have been the same since 1935	1
Amur leopards, also known as Far East leopards, Manchurian leopards or Korean leopards, are found in the Russian Far East.	1
Margarita and the Mission Funds (1913)	0
The original Atom, Al Pratt, first appeared in All-American Comics #19 (Oct. 1940).	0
Before finally being accepted, J.K. Rowling’s original Harry Potter pitch was rejected by 12 publishers.	1
He must be within proximity to another person for these powers to work.	0
Fifth Harmony once opened for Cher Lloyd during the artist’s “I Wish Tour” that started on 6th September 2013.	1
The primary reason for growing rice in flooded paddies is to drown the weeds surrounding the young seedlings (rice can grow in well drained areas)	1
In 1995, Dean Gould achieved the world record for tossing the most amount of pancakes in two minutes, he managed 349 flips!	1
Before her 2011 X Factor audition, Perrie was planning to start a Performing Arts degree.	1
It can also be made so thin that it appears transparent.	0
The air/fuel mix entering the cylinders is increased by compressing the air.	0
The note read "Passing a bookshop while I was in Paris in 1932, I bought The Secret of Chimneys, now almost unobtainable.	0
Contemporary Engagement between Analytic and Continental Thought.	0
Pop corn was invented by the Aztec Indians	1
(Students from Motomiya and Motomiya Mayumi Elementary School Areas)	0
The leaves are alternate, palmately lobed.	0
Their success on YouTube caught Sony’s attention, who signed the band to a publishing deal with Sony ATV Music Publishing in 2012.	1
Holmes thought it wise to bring the police in at this point.	0
Robert George Deans (19 February 1884, Christchurch, New Zealand – 30 September 1908) was a former New Zealand and Canterbury rugby union footballer.	0
JLS don’t follow fans on Twitter	1
Marji did not understand why, as her father explained, “their love was impossible” since one must stay in one’s own social class.	0
Approximately 99% of young males disperse 50 to 400 miles; about 70–80% of young females disperse 20 to 150 miles.	0
Till date, only 4 countries/group have been able to successful send rockets to Mars: The USA, European Space Agency, Russia and India!	1
Stewie is capable of building multiple inventions such as a device to transport him and Brian to different parallel universes.	1
Lou Marini (born 1945), American saxophonist	0
Their mascot Fagimaru is based on the specific species native to Japan, the Green Pheasant.	0
In 2011, Steven Yeun was nominated by the Saturn Award’s for ‘The Best Supporting Actor on Television’ for his role of Glenn Rhee.	1
The Library of Tibetan Classics 14.	0
Their first single, ‘What Makes You Beautiful’ was released on 11th September 2011 and was number one of the UK singles charts a week later.	1
The scientific name for a tummy gurgle is a "borborygmus".	1
Subspeciesficaria has a wide distribution throughout the British Isles, becoming scarcer in Scotland.	1
Sportster engines retained the K/KH design crankcase design, in which the transmission is contained in the same casting as the engine, and driven by the engine with a triple-row #35 chain primary drive and a multi-plate cable-operated clutch.	0
After appearing in ten episodes of The Jury as "Keenan O'Brien", he also appeared in the 2005 episode "The Unblinking Eye" on , as Michael Pike.	0
In addition to the two state solution, some have argued for a one state solution under a consociational democracy in the state of Israel to solve the Arab-Israeli Conflict, but this solution is not very popular, nor has it been discussed seriously at peace negotiations.	0
Ragga is now mainly used as a synonym for dancehall reggae or for describing dancehall with a deejay chatting rather than singjaying or singing on top of the riddim.	0
56% of Americans believe Adam and Eve are real people, a 2014 poll found.	1
— LTSG Manuel Gomez's mission on the formation of the Philippine Marine Corps in 1950	0
Aimé Césaire, mayor of Fort-de-France and deputy from Martinique for the PCF/Martinican Progressive Party.	0
He is 6'1 tall and weighs 180 pounds.	0
3 e Régiment de Parachutistes d'Infanterie de Marine, (3rd Marine Airborne Infantry Regiment), 11 e Brigade Parachutiste (11th Airborne Brigade) - Carcassonne	0
His father, James Farley, was involved in the brick-making industry, first as a laborer and later as a part owner of three small schooners engaged in the brick-carrying trade.	0
DC Comics almost sold publishing rights for the Green Lantern to their competitor, Marvel.	1
The majority of Owen's Southsea is now protected by a number of Conservation Areas or by being Listed Buildings.	0
Her mother is a costume designer and hairstylist who owns a salon and her father has been a full-time record manager since 1995, managing her many musical ventures.	1
Buddhism is derived from Buddha, which refers to Buddha Sakyamuni which means “Sage of Sakya”.	1
Many Native Hawaiian families claim such an aumakua, who is known by name to the whole community.	0
The ASPCA banned trip wires from films in its guidelines as well.	0
Texas Southern UniversityBaseball, Men's & Women's Basketball, Bowling, Men's & Women's Cross Country, Football, Men's & Women's Golf, Women's Soccer, Softball, Men's & Women's Track & Field, Women's VolleyballOctober 8, 2017	0
Ramjet appears in the Generations 2011 issue #2 "The Fierce Fighting on Planet Nebulos" where he is among the Decepticon forces who ambush the Autobots on Nebulos.	0
Zapdos is one of the three legendary birds of Kanto, the other two being Articuno and Moltres.	1
The film underperformed at the box office and received mixed reviews from critics.	0
By the end of the 1970s the club had hit rock-bottom, even though Station Road continued to host semi-finals and finals.	0
Dorothy Macardle, The Irish Republic (Corgi, 1968)	0
Many artists have been found on YouTube, but Adele’s success stemmed from MySpace, the social media platform which her friend used to post Adele’s song project from school.	1
The Soviet Union halted further seizure of grain from farmers in the Ukrainian SSR, and ordered some stocks returned from army reserves to the villages.	0
Roan: an even mixture of white and pigmented hairs, normally red or black.	0
She has voice acted for various children’s films including Shark Tale and the Kung Fu Panda franchise.	1
British Film and Television Award Nominations for:	0
The ice that makes up the nucleus of a comet isn’t just frozen water like you might put in your summer drink, super cold methane, ammonia, and carbon dioxide ices are also in the mix, along with dust, rocks &amp; other debris from the solar system.	1
Parker decided, "the only way was to risk everything I had," he says, and he invested his own money, including mortgaging his house, to pay for it.	0
When the BBC World Service began in 1932, they warned listeners to keep their expectations low, saying "the programmes will neither be very interesting nor very good."	1
Capotorto said: "he entertained the crowd with his song — and leave it to the master to have background dancers in the form of beautiful women dressed in tight white bodysuits and white wigs."	0
plushasia.comDesigned by Tobias Wong, these pill cases are part of a total luxury line by Citizen Citizen.	0
In the year 608 AD, Emperor Phocas gave the Pantheon to Pope Boniface IV, who consecrated it as a church in honour of St Mary and the Martyrs.	1
Darker chocolates can have as much caffeine as a can of Coca-Cola.	1
He studied graphic design, print and photography at Hornsey College of Art.	1
The 29th December is the fifth day of Christmas.	1
BFCA Critics' Choice Award for Best Composer	0
After the season, Bryant participated in the Offense-Defense All-American Bowl.	0
He discussed human geography and the planetary habitability of the Earth, suggesting that roughly a quarter of the Earth's surface is habitable by humans.	0
With the outbreak of the Hōgen Rebellion in 1156, the members of the Minamoto and Taira samurai clans were beckoned into the conflict.	0
The gas is extracted to keep it from going directly into the atmosphere and to use it for fuel, principally to produce electricity.	0
He shows short bursts of astonishing insight, memory, creativity and fluency with many languages.	1
Permutation City (1994) by Greg Egan explores quantum ontology via the various philosophical aspects of artificial life and simulations of intelligence.	0
(176) 73.19 (175) 73.59 (164) 88.33 (161) 66.00 (164) 77.50 (153) 58.00 (159) 71.50 (144) 51.25 (149) 59.00 (128) 43.50 (140) 45.00	0
His father Francisco de Assis died in 1864.	0
Some respectable women in Washington social circles led by Floride Calhoun, the wife of Vice President John C. Calhoun had snubbed her because she and Eaton married shortly after her first husband's death.	0
League championship until the final day, but ended up in third place, qualifying for an Asian Champions league spot.	0
Rynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	0
[152] Preceding attacks on humans, cougars display aberrant behavior, such as activity during daylight hours, a lack of fear of humans, and stalking humans.	0
The Deposition (St John Passion - 7) (1990).	0
At the time of its release, Poker Face was the most downloaded song in the UK ever!	1
Bill Ward – drums, percussion (piano on "Blow on a Jug")	0
In the same year was part of the Commission of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts, appointed by the Government of the time, with the aim to propose the reform of Education of Fine Arts, the plan for the organization of museums, and service of Historic Monuments and archeology.	0
The lens was sent off to lens maker Alvan Clark to be reground.	0
They are, however usually served on rusk to celebrate the birth of a child.	0
It ended with an anti-communist victory.	0
His mother wanted him to be a dentist, so Perry was adopted by a quack dentist, where he blacked boots before running away at age twelve to join a carnival.	0
Unhappy children grow up to make more money than those who were happy, using childhood disappointment as motivation to do better.	1
He also painted landscapes in oil, as well as hunting scenes.	0
After capturing some 19,000 German soldiers, the division continued to Frankfurt-am-Main, clearing and policing the town and its environs, 27–29 March.	0
He is in a relationship with Nareesha McCaffery and plans to marry her – eventually.	1
Day 14 is dedicated to the soul of the Ox (Geush Urvan), linked with and representing all animal creation.	0
Sustainable, clean energy supply with an emphasis on energy security.	0
Take 6 (The Most Wonderful Time of the Year, 2010)	0
His maternal grandfather General Peter Gansevoort (1749-1812) was famous for having commanded the defense of Fort Stanwix in 1777, and for his "valor in the face of superior numbers of enemy troops"; in his gold-laced uniform, the general sat for a portrait painted by Gilbert Stuart, which is described in Melville's 1852 novel, .	0
Toda Levada – Alexandre de Faria	0
15Yasuhiro Ando Masamitsu Ehara Naikiyo Hashisako Makio Madarame 4:32.48452.847 km/h	0
Almost half the world’s population has never made a phone call.	1
The .30-06 remains one of the most popular sporting cartridges in the world.	0
Volume 21 (number 11) (September 13, 2010): pages 10–13.	0
Bosnian Player of the Year: 2004	0
Arachnids are mostly carnivorous, feeding on the pre-digested bodies of insects and other small animals.	0
These would seem to be completely political events, but the young director Costa-Gavras has told them in a style that is almost unbearably exciting.	0
Guitarist Ron Cornelius recalls, "Dylan had a pretty bad cold that week.	0
While watching Netflix (Instant Play) hold down Shift+Alt and click on the screen to access buffering settings to change your video quality	1
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 431 (best known as Bonne Bay Road) is a short highway almost entirely within Gros Morne National Park in Newfoundland and Labrador.	0
The cattle were aged 18-24 months.	1
A third incarnation of Romana has been depicted in some of the spin-off novels, and a fourth (performed by Juliet Landau) has been featured in several audio dramas released by Big Finish Productions in 2013 and 2014.	0
In July and August, the service was extended in the evenings until 9.30pm.	0
After striking the wall, the electrons eventually make their way to the anode, flow through the anode wire, the power supply, and back to the cathode.	0
The word fortnight is a contraction of the 2 words 'fourteen nights'	1
The Maine-Anjou is one of the highest marbling of the continental breeds.	0
Bowie heard God – it was the voice of American rock ‘n’ roll singer, Little Richard.	1
Contact us on our website or feel free to connect with us on social media.	0
There are considerable differences between the Prisse Papyrus version and the two texts at the British Museum.	0
Stubbs was the Longhorns' co-MVP, named Big 12 co-Player of the Year, and one of five finalists for the Golden Spikes Award in 2006.	0
Although he did not become the new singer for the band Hunsicker did receive credit for helping to write the song "Never Walk Away" which was the leading track on the album Revelation.	0
Nelson, Walter Henry, Small Wonder: The Amazing Story of the Volkswagen, Boston: Little, Brown, 1967.	0
U.S. ships might have to fight far from their home shores, especially in the Pacific.	0
Mark Collins: Beginning WF: Windows Workflow in .NET 4.0, Apress, March 19, 2010, ISBN 978-1-4302-2485-3	0
James once went on a romantic weekend to the Costwolds with a girl.	1
Pikachu’s are weak to Ground-type moves.	1
A person who seems jealous or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.	1
In its first year it won Division II and was promoted to Division I (which was the highest league a club could play in at that time).	0
The traditional flavour for candy canes are peppermint, however, it is also made in a variety of other flavors and colours.	1
Bubbles start forming and the water is lifted even higher in the lake (buoyancy), where even more of the CO 2 comes out of solution.	0
There is an estimated 3,000 castles in Scotland – which equals one castle for every 100 square miles.	1
Kittens (also called cubs) weigh just over a pound at birth.	0
He positioned the Mexican artillery on the slopes overlooking the Texian square.	0
Its telecom products include long-distance and international phone services, mobile and broadband telecommunications services, as well as consulting and telemarketing services.	0
The Ion tail of a comet is the result of Solar winds blowing against the comet.	1
Tom admits to cheating on each one of his girlfriends!	1
John Davison Rockefeller, Sr. (1839–1937) (m. 1864) Laura Celestia "Cettie" Spelman (1839–1915)	0
The real value of Lowline genetics is to incorporate it in	0
They restored the castle, which was thereafter used as prison for disobedient knights.	0
‘Barbados’ comes from the Portuguese Bearded Fig Trees, or “Los Barbados” once found across the island.	1
42% of men and women 25% don�t wash their hands after using a public toilet	1
The racial makeup of the county was 94.97% White, 1.55% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.71% from other races, and 1.05% from two or more races.	0
There is probably also an element of political centralisation involved in these processes.	0
In reality, she was defending commercial justice speed.	0
In NASA’s last astronaut recruitment intake for 8 positions there were 6000 applications.	1
However, the economic downturn following the Great Hanshin earthquake forced Daiei to pull out and the city of Kobe became responsible for operating the club.	0
In 2001, Vans bought controlling interest in the Vans Warped Tour, America’s top action sports and music venue festival.	1
The song is a duet with American singer Mariah Carey, and was co-written by Rah Digga, Rampage, Rick Rock and Spliff Star.	0
One of Garcia’s hobbies is video games, and he is also a fan of Star Wars.	1
Refused the sacraments until the Clementine peace in 1669, she was made abbess in 1678.	0
The little extra pocket just above the front pocket of your jeans was originally designed to hold a pocket watch on a chain.	1
All debt was restored and covered by the state, and a vehicle excise duty was implemented on the Gardermo Line to cover the management and maintenance of the line, to be paid by all users.	0
\begin{bmatrix} V_2 \\ \alpha V_2 \\ \alpha^2 V_2 \end{bmatrix} \\	0
"Head of a Girl with Rose Corsage", 1890, oil on canvas	0
The Coptic Orthodox church holds Vespers, Matins and Divine Liturgy on the first weekend of every month.	0
which naturally leads to fresh new ideas.	0
Hingham, Massachusetts, in the United States	0
The word 'uncopyrightable' is the is the only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating any letter	1
Hakam was the grandson of Umayya ibn Abd Shams, for whom the Umayyad clan is named.	0
The village babo is erected close to the lapang.	0
The All-Australian team is a representative team consisting of the best players during a particular season.	0
The young Parnell studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge (1865–69) but, due to the troubled financial circumstances of the estate he inherited, he was absent a great deal and never completed his degree.	0
Only 17% of 11 to 38-year-olds experience no mental disorders, according to a study in New Zealand.	1
The settlement collapsed within a summer, and initial attempts at settlement near modern-day Cayenne, beginning in 1613, were met with similar setbacks.	0
, by Tracey Gold Bennett, Arcadia Publishing, 2008, ISBN 0-7385-5424-3	0
People&apos;s Democratic Movement (Dominica), a political party of Dominica	0
She is first discovered by Batman in Gotham City Bay.	0
Gold, Silver and Bronze refer to the Olympic medals and other sports.	1
It was not until 1835 that Congress approved construction of branch mints in Charlotte, NC, Dahlonegah, GA, and New Orleans, LA.	0
According to Robert McDermott, for Steiner outer freedom arises when we bridge the gap between our ideals and the constraints of external reality, letting our deeds be inspired by moral imagination.	0
Aston is afraid of big dogs.	1
There is no rice in rice paper	1
They then spent a lot of time trying to get to the point that Homer would have an "over filled trash can", and through its extensive use of packaging, the concept of Love Day was formed.	0
A Ferrule is the metal band on a pencil that holds the eraser in its place.	1
Females give birth in a cave, crevice among boulders, hollow tree, or thicket to make a den.	0
The original Oreo cookies have a 71% to 29% cookie-to-cream ratio.	1
Established in 1924 as Circuito de Getxo, since 2001 it is also held as Memorial Ricardo Otxoa in memory of former cyclist Ricardo Otxoa, who died after a car hit him and his twin brother, Javier in early 2001.	0
Parts of the coast of Ganghwa Island, adjacent to the river Han in Incheon	0
Texas Longhorns offer numerous benefits: (1) reproductive	0
Organization of Labour and Welfare on the workplace	0
Venus and Mercury are the only planets within our solar System not to have any moons orbiting them.	1
He graduated from Drake in 1976 with a major in Theater, and a minor in Art.	1
It is now known that such exceptionally calm water is a sign of nearby pack ice.	0
Connor covered the Pokémon theme tune which he uploaded to YouTube on 9th February 2012, since then it has had over 25,000 views.	1
15 January 2002 – 12 December 2003: Stephen Owen	0
"But who invented the military coup?"	0
The basic English structure of Krio is an offshoot of the English spoken by the Nova Scotians and Maroons, while some of the African words in Krio come from the Yoruba and Igbo languages spoken by the liberated Yoruba and Igbo.	0
Males have a median income of $46,303 versus $30,158 for females.	0
Also participated for the national team in the Bulgaria Tour, Greece Tour, and Florida Tour.	0
Despite his disability he walks through the hall directly towards the director of the state theatre, Hendrik Höfgen.	0
Timothy Smith - Elevator Man #1 (uncredited)	0
With nearly 14 million speakers, Shanghainese is also the largest single coherent form of Wu Chinese.	0
The German population of the province was largely evacuated during the war or expelled shortly thereafter in the expulsion of Germans after World War II.	0
On Boxing Day in the UK, the most popular online searches for shopping are sale items.	1
This refuge was the first established in the Florida Keys and one of the earliest refuges in the United States.they have over 250 different kinds of bird species there.	0
Onix is the longest Pokémon that can hatch from an Egg.	1
Erlich and Ram's next major tournament win was in Rotterdam in February 2005.	0
JB Gill was in the school choir throughout his school years.	1
2006 : Toute la beauté du monde	0
High school sports are also popular.	0
Sports Illustrateds Lee Jenkins noted San Francisco's promising farm system (including products Pablo Sandoval and Madison Bumgarner) and the perceived weakness of the NL West as reasons to be optimistic about the Giants' potential.	0
Kranz would continue as a Flight Director through Apollo 17, when he worked his last shift as a flight director overseeing the mission liftoff, and then was promoted to Deputy Director of NASA Mission Operations in 1974, becoming Director in 1983.	0
There is a hybrid which is part Cougar and part Leopard known as the Pumapard.	0
Kozyreva was the first woman to win at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.	0
Oslo: Institute for Comparative Research in Human Culture.	0
When the Vikings got together to make laws and settle disputes, it was a meeting called the “Thing.”	1
It is easy to use, well documented, fully self-contained, well understood, and can be made to work on almost any system.	0
Other sources include dental products other than toothpaste; air pollution from fluoride-containing coal or from phosphate fertilizers; trona, used to tenderize meat in Tanzania; and tea leaves, particularly the tea bricks favored in parts of China.	0
Next, the train drops off the midcourse brakes into the two corkscrews.	0
Navaraspur was the auditorium of the Adil Shahs, it is about 10 km outside the city limits.	0
have previously played as high as National 3 in English rugby, but are currently in the London 2 North East.	0
Vojtěch Filip (since 1 October 2005)	0
Until the 1930s, Speke was a small village with a population of 400; by the end of the 1950s more than 25,000 people were living in the area.	0
When a married couple reaches 30 years of marriage it is known as their Pearl Wedding Anniversary.	1
Its website was also officially launched that day.	0
Armadillos are not social animals – they only get together with other armadillos to mate or keep warm.	1
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.	0
Scientists have discovered that cannabis slows tumor growth in cancer patients.	1
The Red Lake Earth, White Earth, and Leech Lake reservations are known for their tradition of singing hymns in the Ojibwe language.	0
Hippos can run faster than humans!	1
On-air commentary was provided by Tour de France announcers Paul Sherwen, Phil Liggett and Bob Roll.	0
"A Dilemma of English Modernism: Visual and Verbal Politics in the Life and Work of C.R.W.	0
Gregg were 'lent' to the Irish from London to get the new state's bureaucracy off the ground.	0
A dolphins top speed is 60kmh (37mph)	1
In 1821, Konstanz's bishopric, the largest in Germany, was dissolved and, in 1827, moved to Freiburg in the Breisgau.	0
It sold over 100,000 copies within two weeks of publication.	1
1839–1879 – Reverend George Pratt served as a missionary in Samoa for many years, at the station at Matautu on Savai&apos;i island.	0
plushasia.comDesigned by Tobias Wong, these pill cases are part of a total luxury line by Citizen Citizen.	0
53 on the Hot Digital Songs chart, and No.	0
Eric Kohler, In the Groove: Vintage Record Graphics, 1940-1960 (ISBN 0-8118-2121-8) Chronicle Books, San Francisco, 1999.	0
The advantages for a stationary fuel cell application over stirling CHP are no moving parts, less maintenance, and quieter operation.	0
Apart from Legends of the Jews, perhaps his best known scholarly work was his Geonica (1909), an account of the Babylonian Geonim containing lengthy extracts from their responsa, as discovered in the form of fragments in the Cairo Genizah.	0
In the original pilot “Winter is Coming” for Game of Thrones there are several actors who were replaced later on, including those that originally played Catelyn Stark and Daenerys Stormborn.	1
Is ranked 74th in the current world rankings Classification According to the IFFHS clubes.	0
Some Asian countries put gold in fruit, jelly snacks, coffee, and tea.	1
Among the noted British creations of this type were Nawab Hashim Ali Khan (1858–1940), Nawab Khwaja Abdul Ghani (1813–1896), Nawbab Abdool Luteef (1828–1893), Nawab Faizunnesa Choudhurani (1834–1904), Nawab Ali Chowdhury (1863–1929), Nawbab Syed Shamsul Huda (1862–1922) and Nawbab Sirajul Islam (1848–1923), Nawab Alam yar jung Bahadur, M.A, Madras, B.A., B.C.L., Barr-At-Law (1888–1975).	0
Cerianthus lloydii might be confused with a less common species of anemone, Pachycerianthus multiplicatus, but this is rather larger and has about two hundred long outer tentacles giving it a feathery appearance.	0
Despite the fact that homeshare meets so many policy aims, public authorities have been slow to adopt it.	0
The Belgian director André Delvaux recreated this novel on film as Benvenuta in 1983, transposed as an intense examination of a tortured but exalted relationship between a young Belgian woman and her Italian lover.	0
It can also be made so thin that it appears transparent.	0
Bergues was devastated by bombardment in World War I, and again in 1940 during the Battle of Dunkirk.	0
500 years before Christopher Columbus “found” the shores of America, the Vikings landed on what is now Canada in around A.D. 1000.	1
Matt Groening named the Simpson daughter after his younger sister Lisa Groening.	1
East Greenwich is home to six public schools in its school district.	0
Males occupy territories that often overlap with a few smaller female territories, probably as a strategy to enhance access to females.	0
The manager of Guinness started the Guinness Book of World Records when he got annoyed that he couldn’t find out what the fastest game bird was ever recorded.	1
In general, people tend to read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper.	1
Disco-pop band Alcazar, also from Sweden, has covered parts of "Land of Confusion" on their song "This is the World We Live in".	0
The domesticated turkey is descended from the wild turkey.	1
Huangbaiyu, Benxi, Liaoning is a small village of 42 homes that has come under great criticism: most of the homes are unoccupied by villagers.	0
The chirigotas´ tunes are happier as well as their lyrics even though they can address the same subjects as the comparsas.	0
Plowshare - evaluate clean nuclear explosives for excavation.	0
Notable people with the surname include:	0
In word processing and digital typesetting, a non-breaking space, also known as a no-break space or non-breakable space (NBSP), is a variant of the space character that prevents an automatic line break (line wrap) at its position.	0
The 37-year-old Edmonds batted .178 (16-for-90) with two doubles, one home run, six RBI and six runs scored in 26 games this season with the Padres, appearing in center field in all 26 contests (24 starts).	0
They have a great fondness for water and are very strong swimmers.	1
One would hardly allow an animal to remain in such conditions let alone a human being.	0
Although not many creatures will try to attack an adult dingo, the puppies will often be targeted by snakes.	1
The funicular railways were mainly constructed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	0
The Netherlands has more bicycles than people, 1.3 per person.	1
Supporters of evolution generally respond by arguing that evolution is not based on "chance", but on predictable chemical interactions: natural processes, rather than supernatural beings, are the "designer".	0
Selena’s favourite Justin Bieber songs are One Time, Love Me, and Never Say Never.	1
(2007) Bomber Units of the Luftwaffe 1933-1945; A Reference Source, Volume 2.	0
The barriers, limits, and costs of future adaptation are not fully understood.	0
Walker, Ian W. Mercia and the Making of England.	0
He retired from professional football after the 1986 World Cup.	0
The operating cost of GPS is just over $2 million a day.	1
He hails from Brentwood in Essex, in the United Kingdom.	1
Sabatier's poetry is deeply colored by memory and division: "He held the image that he loved so tight/his body itself cast two shadows."	0
The word vegetable has no scientific definition, so it’s still acceptable to call a tomato a vegetable.	1
Battle of the Network Stars IV	0
Forced to take refuge in Lamia, Antipater called for reinforcements from Asia.	0
Not agreeing with the High Council's leadership of Second Earth or its reckless use of the sleepers, he eventually forms a group called The Ark, which would later overthrow the High Council's "government" on Second Earth.	0
For this, he was nominated for a Tony Award.	1
Believing that the times have become too dangerous for the Brotherhood to continue its criminal activities, Mystique goes to Doctor Valerie Cooper, special assistant to the head of the National Security Council, and offers the Brotherhood's services to the government.	0
If Josh could have sung any song on the X-Factor, he would have sung ‘Great Balls of Fire’ by Jerry Lee Lewis – because he says it’s a “feel good song”.	1
Ultimately the act was commercially successful with six million-selling gold records: "Hanky Panky", "I Think We&apos;re Alone Now", "Mony Mony", "Crimson and Clover", "Sweet Cherry Wine", and "Crystal Blue Persuasion".	0
Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.	1
Following a hiatus during which Johnston toured and recorded as a full-time member of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds,	0
Topics include openings, middlegames, endgames, famous players, and interesting games.	0
In the future, Jungkook has said that he either wants to own a duck restaurant, or be a tattoo artist.	1
"One of God's Better People" and "Angels" were inspired by Williams' mother Jan. "Hello, Sir" is a poem that takes a dig at one of Williams' former teachers.	0
In 1878, he married Florence Balcombe, and together they had a son; Irving Noel Thornley Stoker.	1
In 2011, scientists concluded that your pet cat may become very ill if you interfere with its routine.	1
There are 687 Earth days in a Mars year.	1
In 2008, porting began to processors based on the MIPS architecture.	0
Trump attended Fordham University, Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and graduated Wharton in 1968 with a Bachelor of Science degree in economics.	1
Jared’s favourite drink is hot chocolate!	1
Nicktoons MLB (Seen but not playable characters)	0
Following the success from the Bergen Line NRK also filmed the Flåm Line in May 2010 and the Bergen Light Rail in June 2010.	0
In parallel to this, the Independent titles are perceived by many opposition supporters as being pro Fianna Fáil .	0
Plagued by personal problems, he abandoned his family to ride the rails until he settled in Los Angeles and created the landmark Watts Towers.	0
Some Kind of Wonderful is a 1987 American romance film starring Eric Stoltz, Mary Stuart Masterson, and Lea Thompson.	0
Holzhey, without orders, had put up a red cross sign near the command post.	0
Apples contain formaldehyde, cyanide and arsenic.	1
In the song/rhyme Monday’s Child, Saturday’s child ‘works hard for a living’.	1
a Deucalionefrom or since DeucalionA long time ago.	0
After Rudi Völler resigned as Germany coach in the wake of that country's first-round exit in Euro 2004, Rehhagel was considered by many to be a strong candidate for his homeland's job.	0
Armadillos do their foraging during the morning and evenings.	1
The model of Pierre-Alexandre Morlon was ultimately adopted.	0
The population density of mountain lions can range from 1 per 85 km2 to as high as 1 per 13 km2, depending on the abundance of available resources, such as prey.	0
It also includes the largest dairy projects in the state, namely Kuku village project.	0
This was the first time in history an army attempted to fight a war and at the same time reduce damage to cultural monuments and property.	0
The Sisterhood was able to capture and brainwash the former X-Man Psylocke, making her a member also.	0
In 1996 the OZ supplied Williams F1 team won the Formula One constructor's championship and driver Damon Hill won the drivers' championship.	0
Once David realized that Jill's daughter-in-law, Nina Webster, had just inherited a sizable fortune from her deceased husband, Phillip Chancellor III, he was intent on getting it from her.	0
Charlie’s full name is Charles Otto Puth Jr.	1
Bradley has an older sister called Natalie.	1
In 1350, she inherited the title and position of Duke of Halland from her younger son.	0
The average age at which America's presidents have taken office is 54	1
"Strawberry Fields Forever" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles.	0
Local service operates at all times.	0
Hundreds of different receptors are known and many more are yet to be discovered.	0
Langley, who had expected Limbo s sales to fall "due to the lack of repeatable content and being a strictly single player experience", considered that these figures had "beaten everyone’s expectations".	0
It has been played by over a billion people with the longest running game lasted for 70 days straight.	1
In South Korea, Hyundai built the second generation Delica as the "Hyundai Porter", replacing an earlier model with the same name.	0
Succeeded as Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine, 13 March 1892; abdicated 9 November 1918; married his first cousin HRH Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (25 November 1876 – 2 March 1936) and had issue, divorced in 1903; married HH Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich (17 September 1871 – 16 November 1937) and had issue.	0
Around 7% of all the marble produced globally comes from Greece.	1
He was selected to play at the Superbowl on 2nd February 2014.	1
Elephants sleep between 4 - 5 hours in 24 period	1
Rest Area: Le Réveillon / La Grande Bucaille	0
The different colors of lotus flowers also have different symbolic meanings.	0
Harry said he would date a fan.	1
Ariana’s father is called Edward Butera, who was born on 20th September 1958.	1
His first successes came from the writing and recording of jingles for television commercials (including Stella Artois and Coca Cola.	0
The longest running primetime animated series is the Simpsons, which began in 1987!	1
Australia was originally called New Holland	1
Despite no longer having the live rights, Setanta Ireland will continue to show RaboDirect Pro12 games on a tape-delayed and highlights basis during the 2010–11 season.	0
Kangaroo Island has been less affected and also does not have rabbits or foxes, although koalas have been introduced from the Australian mainland and are causing damage to habitats.	0
The literature of this period was produced from the year 1870 until 1942.	0
George led narrowly with a 61 and 2:02¾ before Myers took the lead.	0
Budapest: Central European University Press, 2004.	0
They're a Weird Mob (1966) (cameo as himself)	0
1995 Cecil Taylor by Ariane Lopez-huici, Knitting Factory, New York	0
The leopard has an exceptionally large range, occurring throughout Africa and Asia.	1
Hornet Bank Road: Fraser family grave site and memorial, Hornet Bank	0
Orlev received the writing award in 1996.	0
The average hen lays 228 eggs a year	1
Academic credit is thus measured on the trimester system in semester hours; there is no such thing as a "trimester hour" of credit.	0
A dolphin has the capability to hold its breath for around thirty minutes.	1
In 1988, Kensit's band Eighth Wonder had two Top 40 singles: "I'm Not Scared", written by Neil Tennant & Chris Lowe and produced by the Pet Shop Boys & Phil Harding (for PWL), which reached Number 7 in the British charts, and "Cross My Heart", which went up to Number 13, Eighth Wonder appeared on Top of the Pops, while Kensit also starred as Eppie in an adaptation of Silas Marner, with Ben Kingsley.	0
Kafi was one of the major figures of the Algerian underground forces that fought for independence from France from 1954 to 1962.	0
In August 1988, SAP GmbH became SAP AG (a corporation by German law), and public trading started on 4 November 1988.	0
The later derive from early Indo-European presence in western Balkan Peninsula.	0
Men from Rock Hill and York County were involved in many of the major Civil War battles.	0
Created as a collaboration between the ESP manufacturing staff and Sugizo.	0
WIT Georgia win the Cup for the first time.	0
1926 - Fidel Castro, Cuban lawyer and politician, 15th President of Cuba	0
Botrychium paradoxum – paradox moonwort, peculiar moonwort	0
P!nk’s real name is Alecia Beth Moore.	1
Yann Martel is a Canadian author.	1
Here there is no moral, no principles, no truth, no justice, no honesty.	0
During 1944, besides intensive ground attack operations, the unit also claimed over 140 Soviet aircraft shot down, Obfw.	0
International DracoRacing driver Bertrand Baguette won the championship by a comfortable margin, having dominated the second half of the season.	0
In 1861, Thomas Huxley created the order Crossopterygii to house animals, fossil and living, that possessed lungs and fleshy pectoral fins with lobes.	0
Klismaphilia (sometimes spelled Klysmaphilia) is receiving sexual arousal from introducing liquids into the rectum and colon via the anus.	0
bar:1861 at:6728 fontsize:XS text: 6728 shift:(-8,5)	0
On either end of the topmost castle roof are two golden tiger-headed dolphins, called kinshachi (金鯱).	0
Fifth Harmony has their own Barbie doll toy line from Mattel.	1
24.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.	0
Charlie comes from a very religious background with his mother being Jewish and his father Catholic.	1
Princess Elene was affianced to Tsar Feodor II of Russia.	0
Jean Frémon, Denis Roche and Marcelin Pleynet in Violence of the White Page: Contempo-rary French Poetry, Tyuonyi, 1992.	0
A leopard is seen at the Kabini Wildlife Sanctuary, Karnataka.	1
Donald Trump owns and operates around 18 golf courses around the world.	1
Put A Pillow on Your Fridge Day, is celebrated on 29th May in Europe &amp; USA and supposedly brings good luck and wealth to the household.	1
He appeared in an episode of the American television series Keen Eddie, where he played a boy called Edward Mills.	1
They have different fur type in different areas.	1
The phrase "Skunk Works" (secret lab) dates from 1943 when engineers at Lockheed worked out of a circus tent next to smelly factory.	1
Later, after his boss recognized his talent for sketching patent drawings, Latimer was promoted to the position of head draftsman earning $20.00 a week by 1872.	0
He died as sub-prior of the monastery.	0
Dendrochronology is the science of calculating a tree’s age by its rings!	1
30% of people refuse to sit on a public toilet seats	1
The 1975 album “A Night at the Opera” and the 1976 album “A Day at the Races” have a widely-unknown link, both these album names are based on Marx Brothers’ silent films from 1935 and 1937.	1
"Blow" (contains elements of the )	0
His elder brother was naturalist Joseph Sabine.	0
2008 AVN Award "Best Editing" (X)	0
This was subsequently consolidated with a number of other statutes in the Companies Act 1862, which remained in force for the rest of the century, up to and including the time of the decision in Salomon v A Salomon &amp; Co Ltd.	0
The original painting is part of the Hayden Collection at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.	0
1945 - Giovanni Agnelli, Italian businessman, founded the Fiat Automobile Company (b.	0
She went to Danny Jones Middle School in Texas.	1
MP*, are usually called MP étoile ("MP star") (except for the BCPST2 and TB2 classes, who all prepare to the elite schools).	0
(1970 and 1992), the Emcee in Cabaret (1971), and Joey Evans in Pal Joey (1983).	0
It shows an important director not merely failing, but not even understanding why."	0
From the , 51 or 10.5% were Roman Catholic, while 371 or 76.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church.	0
Black swans are native to Australia.	1
Nicki Minaj is acrophobic, meaning she is afraid of heights.	1
It is roughly spherical in shape and has a circumference of five feet.	0
They were both 17 years old when they entered the X Factor.	1
Wohlberg held the title for eight consecutive years prior to Tuft.	0
"O death, where is thy sting?	0
When Julius Caesar was kidnapped by pirates, he demanded they increase his ransom.	1
After being shown the potential consequences of the elixir's release by an incorporeal guardian, she decides to leave it behind.	0
She is a member of several sports organizations: member of the International Rugby Board (IRB) and an associate member (1988), a member of the Belgian National Olympic Committee (BOIC), founding member (1934) of the FIRA - Association Européenne de Rugby and honorary member of the Rugby Football Union.	0
That same month, Prince of Orange ( ) Willem-Alexander was set to become the king of Netherlands.	0
The ALIR (Armée de Libération du Rwanda), former FDLR, was, therefore, created by these Hutu rebels in order to dismiss the new Rwandan Government and to resettle a Hutu government.	0
David's surname "Harewood" comes from the time when his ancestors were captured in Africa, transported to the Caribbean as slaves, and owned by the Lascelles family (the Earls of Harewood).	0
Charolais cows, while in Ireland, Charolais is the leading terminal	0
List of abbeys and priories in Ireland (County Clare)	0
Flying across levels was removed, instead letting Iron Man hover or walk across the level.	0
The Eiffel Tower was inaugurated the same year Nintendo was founded and Adolf Hitler was born: 1889.	1
In more technical treatments of the geometry of polyhedra and higher-dimensional polytopes, the term is also used to mean an element of any dimension of a more general polytope (in any number of dimensions).	0
The Senda Sursilvana multiday hiking trail passes the village as it follows the northern flank of the Vorderrhein through Falera and Siat, continuing towards Panix.	0
Sixth Account of new Species of Snakes in the Collection of the British Museum.	0
The shirt made for and worn by Indian Datta Phuge was made from 14,000 pieces of 22 carat gold, by Rankar Jewelers.	1
Depending on the species, a duck can live between 2 and 12 years.	1
Ernist Hemingway rewrote the ending of "A Farewell to Arms" 39 times.	1
Dogs with pointed and long faces tend to live longer than those which have flatter faces, such as pugs.	1
In the popular 2014 movie “Godzilla“, the Godzilla portrayal was only seen for about 8 minutes in the entire film.	1
In 2000, Jackson Pollock was the subject of an Academy Award-winning film Pollock directed by and starring Ed Harris.	0
Three weeks before they started recording The Walking Dead, Andrew Lincoln (who plays Rick Grimes) went out and practiced his accent by ordering coffees &amp; fried chicken!	1
Galileo was the first to observe this planet with a telescope in 1610.	1
In Febuary 2016, a fan told Aaron that he reminded them of a Dalmatian puppy – he said he’s never been happier with a compliment!	1
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	1
In order to get around California laws barring the payout of a game being directly related to the roll of dice, Indian reservations have adapted the game to substitute cards for dice.	0
However an argument between him, Rian and the director, leads to Jun spilling noodle soup on her expensive clothes that she had borrowed from her father's work.	0
(born on 16 December 1985), also known as Keita (stylized KEITA), is a Japanese pop and R&B singer and dancer.	0
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.	1
The famous song was never released in the US, although it rocketed to the top of the charts in both the UK and Australia.	1
Cougars hunt one large mammal once every two weeks.	1
He has a sister called Victoria and a brother called Callum.	1
In most languages that are derived from Latin, Friday is derived from the words “dies Veneris” (day of Venus), like “Vendredi” is French, “Venerdì” in Italian and “Viernes” in Spanish.	1
It is illegal to slaughter a cow in several Indian states because of the religious significance.	1
The stripes that a tiger has are as unique as human fingerprints.	1
Including their tail, they can measure up to 92 inches.	1
His full name is Kanye Omari West.	1
On Sundays there are also Gospel readings and corresponding hymns from the eleven-part cycle of Resurrectional Gospels.	0
Visitors to the mountain would travel to the area by rail and road, and then walk up the 1.1 mile mountaintop trail to the top, where Cloud also had a restaurant and club.	0
He was ‘Mark Owen’ in a Take That tribute band.	1
After struggling to make a mark with the Florida Panthers for half of the 2003–04 season, Audette stopped playing professionally.	0
Anderson was a Freemason, the Master of a Masonic lodge, and a Grand Warden of the Grand Lodge of London and Westminster.	0
|align=left| Jai Alai Fronton, Miami, Florida, United States	0
The city council appoints a City Administrator, who manages the day-to-day operations of the city.	0
He later decided to create an imaginary island based on these paintings.	0
In the first sense, many more informal terms are frequently used instead, such as "standard example" or "basic example", and the longer form "archetypal example" is also found.	0
The Central State University bands are under the direction of Professor Ramon William Key Jr., For many years The Central State University Marching Band has been a Trademark of the University.	0
Executive MBA – Department of Management	0
http://travelingluck.com/Europe/Slovakia/Slovakia+(general)/_3057382_Stupn%C3%A9.html#invest - Maps of Stupné, Weather in Stupné, sunrise and sunset in Stupné	0
However the debate rages that these aren't as effective as free trade due to the long run instability of the products.	0
Noteworthy is just his note about several "seas" that they had to cross to get to Birka from the place they had landed to.	0
here, preying on plentiful deer and playing an important role in the ecosystem.	0
Mertensophryne taitana is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.	0
This case, which came to be known as the "Persons Case", had important ramifications not just for women&apos;s rights but also because in overturning the case, the Privy Council engendered a radical change in the Canadian judicial approach to the Canadian constitution, an approach that has come to be known as the "living tree doctrine".	0
The books are published through Little, Brown and Company.	1
1938: Best Short Subject, Cartoons: The Old Mill (1937)	0
French-speaking students take first-year courses in French, combined with intensive English language classes.	0
Wise as he was, Gandalf did not expect Saruman to join Sauron.	1
Hayes was also a part of Magcon – a popular group consisting of several Vine stars.	1
Jamie grew up playing hockey for the Peninsula Eagles minor hockey association and attended Stelly&apos;s Secondary School as a teenager.	0
Jerry Garcia - lead guitar, vocals	0
Mosquitoes prefer children to adults and blondes to brunettes	1
In the fourth Test at Adelaide he made 112 and put on 236 with Bradman for the second wicket.	0
Universal Music Group's parent company, Vivendi, is headquartered in Paris, France.	0
Some few will be content with the success they have had in the assassination of their leader and will not care very much who the successor is....	0
Like true lobsters, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas, for instance.	1
Finally, Professor Milgrom has contributed to mathematical economics and game theory, with studies on reputation and adaptive learning.	0
The team's lead driver was Max Chilton—a former Carlin driver in British F3—whilst the second seat was initially taken by Mikhail Aleshin, who had won the Formula Renault 3.5 Series championship with the team the previous year.	0
Based on a novel by Oliver Sandys, the film is about two chorus girls at the Pleasure Garden Theatre in London and their troubled relationships.	0
He is an accomplished pianist and said he was really, really obsessive about playing piano in high school.	1
Greipel also proved a reasonably prolific winner, winning eight races on the season, three of which counted toward the World Tour rankings.	0
Throughout the summer, elements of the 36th FBW moved into Bitburg, with the wing officially arriving in November 1952.	0
The blast of air you often feel while walking into a store is to prevent insects from flying in!	1
World Cup 1 in Östersund, Sweden:	0
He scored his first League of Ireland goal in a 3–1 away win over rivals Kilkenny City on 19 September.	0
Her debut single, Becky From The Block, was released in Spring 2013 and is a spin-off of J Lo’s hit single Jenny From The Block.	1
"The Trigger" (Ron Hagerthy as Lucas Garrett)	0
On December 6, 1986 Paul lost the title to Greg Haugen.	0
In this work, the hero, Gilgamesh, meets the immortal man Utnapishtim, and the latter describes how the god Ea instructed him to build a huge vessel in anticipation of a deity-created flood that would destroy the world.	0
Busch Entertainment Corporation, SeaWorld Orlando's parent company, credited Manta with improving park attendance.	0
Second Part (November 2009 to December 2009)	0
Madame X (1910 play) an English adaptation by John Raphael	0
In 1987, he moved to French side Sochaux-Montbéliard.	0
It was released in North America on July 23, 2010.	0
Hermit crabs form gangs to steal other hermit crabs' shells.	1
Chocolate cravings have been proven to be unable to be satisfied by anything other than chocolate itself.	1
January 24th and March 1st are all big days for peanut butter enthusiasts: they are National Peanut Butter Day, and later National Peanut Butter Lovers Day respectively.	1
In Amerindian cultures, the wolf is seen as a pathfinder and great teacher.	1
Michael Jordan, the world renowned basketball player and 6 times NBA champion, almost went with Adidas before he signed his deal with the Nike shoe brand.	1
Rivers where black carp have been captured also include the White in Arkansas, the Atchafalaya and Red in Louisiana, and the Osage in Missouri.	0
The captain of the first Scottish XI was James Kirkpatrick (later Sir James Kirkpatrick, 8th Baronet) who included fellow civil servants Charles and William Baillie-Hamilton and William Lindsay in the team, while the England XI included William C. Butler and Evelyn Freeth.	0
Tracked vehicles accomplish this by having wide tracks and a flexible suspension on the road wheels.	0
The processing of beryllium ores generates impure Be(OH) 2 .	0
The cat family consists of many different animals, but the largest is the Siberian Tiger, which can be as large as 12 feet long.	1
Robert Montgomery, Evelyn Keyes, Edward Everett Horton	0
John Tyler: John Tyler fathered more children than any other president-15 among 2 wives in his lifetime.	1
The local economy depends on grazing cattle.	0
Don't give him a real job—they can't balance a check book, they can't do anything; but, they can do that thing!	0
Marty was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, for the 2008–09 season but had his season limited to only 24 games as he suffered two separate concussions.	0
– HTML version of this title.	0
Crows live on every continent except for Antarctica.	1
Young horses have different names – a young male is called a colt and the young females are fillies.	1
One cacao pod will contain about 42 beans.	1
The surface of the Sun is approximately 5,500 degrees Celsius, although this seems chilly in comparison to the core’s temperature.	1
While attending USC, Ensberg joined the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.	0
The ix35 was penned by former BMW designer Thomas Buerkle at Hyundai's Russelsheim design studio in Germany and continues the company's styling language, marketed as "fluidic sculpture".	0
The system is adjusted so that there is a low probability of more than one cell per droplet.	0
a historical novel based on his native region advocating ruralism, which sold over 200,000 copies by	0
During the 1950s she won acclaim for her dramatic performances as President Andrew Jackson's melancholic wife in The President&apos;s Lady (1953); the alcoholic actress Lillian Roth in I&apos;ll Cry Tomorrow (1955), based on Roth's best-selling autobiography of the same name, for which she received a Cannes award; and the real-life California murderer Barbara Graham in I Want to Live!	0
Among his many accomplishments, Adolfo Lutz was also a pioneer researcher on medical entomology and the therapeutic properties of Brazilian plants (botany, ethnopharmacology and phytotherapy).	0
The Black Death killed so many people in the 14th century that the world population did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century.	1
Christopher Chippindale, Stonehenge Complete, Thames and Hudson, London, 2004	0
This is where the powerful engines, tracks and turrets come into play.	0
The community of Huntington, WV holds an annual ramp festival referred to as Stink Fest.	0
Even if a country does have this capacity, critics worry that corruption and patrimonalism will lead to further elite capture.	0
The form "Christ Church College" is considered incorrect, in part because it ignores the cathedral, an integral part of the unique dual foundation.	0
He became Brentwood Theatre’s first patron in October of 2007.	1
Charolais cows, while in Ireland, Charolais is the leading terminal	0
South African rowers qualified the following boats:	0
He was the scholar-in-residence at the University of Saskatchewan.	1
The Aleppo codex lacks Lamentations in its entirety.	0
The top five most followed brands on Instagram, in order of popularity, are National Geographic, Nike, Victoria’s Secret, 9GAG, and Nike Football.	1
He won his second cap against Australia in Melbourne on this tour.	0
It is often used in cases where parties either do not imply a legal commitment or in situations where the parties cannot create a legally enforceable agreement.	0
Unhappy with the album sales, Ghostface has since posted a video on his MySpace page expressing disappointment in most of his fans for downloading the album illegally.	0
Mermessus floridus (Millidge, 1987) – US	0
Instructions locate operands with Register indexes (or names) and memory addressing modes.	0
A mother hen turns her eggs about 50 times per day, and can lay more than 300 eggs per year.	1
Until 1972, the melody to the traditional New Year's Eve song "Auld Lang Syne" was also the melody to the Maldives national anthem.	1
Major John Pitcairn got killed while he was commanding British Marines up the Hill.	1
During the World War II, the company was led by Germans.	0
original territory of the city, in order to comply with the tradition that Diana was a goddess common to all Latins and not exclusively of the Romans.	0
The word “Rick” is often used in episode titles in lieu of other words, such as Close Rick-counters of the Rick Kind, A Rickle In Time, Total Rickall, and The Rickshank Rickdemption, to name a few.	1
Dai Woodham was very reluctant to take full credit for this remarkable story and when interviewed just before his death he was keen to point out that the town of Barry with its vast majority of redundant sidings was the major factor in allowing these locos to be saved.	0
The best camera in the world has 200 megapixels, but your eyes would have 576 megapixels if it was a camera.	1
Other siblings that include Gaia are depicted as Mother Nature or the Earth.	0
The hope of the first trophy in the in 7 years was a huge thought running through Valletta fans in the summer of 2007.	0
Ladybugs are rarely seen between fall and spring, for they will actually hibernate in clusters during the cold winter months.	1
Joy, an album by Yuki Isoya	0
Serpent Mounds Park currently offers many activities that attract people to the park.	0
It was contested by 16 teams, and FC Torpedo Kutaisi won the championship.	0
A molecule of water will stay in the Earth’s atmosphere for an average duration of 10-12 days.	1
FB-Mondial Mondial had prepared a bike with desmodromic valve actuation (before Ducati) but did not produce it.	0
In Agatha Christie's novel The Secret Adversary, the villain "Mr Brown" commits suicide using cyanide concealed in a signet ring.	0
)EquivalenciesSome modulo operations can be factored or expanded similar to other mathematical operations.	0
The ban on Vesper was rescinded soon afterward and in 1937 the references in the Henley rules excluding manual labourers, mechanics, artisans and menial duties were deleted.	0
It is not represented in any other field.	0
Elite Impact DamsElite Impact Dams are cows that meet the criteria of an Impact Dam, plus have had at least 3 calves whose weaning weight (205 day weight) ratio is 100 or greater.	0
University of Pennsylvania Press (January 1, 1995)	0
Marc Lambron (born February 4, 1957 in Lyon) is a French writer and winner of the Prix Femina, 1993, for L'Oeil du silence.	0
The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain often play Formby classics when performing.	1
Started in DOS the stub typically displays a message "This program cannot be run in DOS mode" (or similar) before exiting cleanly.	0
Waddington was an old-fashioned intellectual who lived in both the arts and science milieus of the 1950s and wrote widely.	0
Image:5940 - Brienz - Brienz Rothorn Bahn.JPG|Approaching the summit	0
On 25 March 2013, Rose finished second to Tiger Woods at the Arnold Palmer Invitational and rose to a career-high of third in the world rankings.	0
A hairdresser and a greengrocer fall in love, concealing from each other the truth that they are really a Princess and an army officer in disguise.	0
He died in Northampton, and is buried a few feet from the west tower of St Peter's Church, Marefair.	0
Ripstein had collaborated with his son Arturo on several films, including the 1999 adaptation of Gabriel García Márquez's novel No One Writes to the Colonel and The Beginning and the End, adapted from the novel by Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz.	0
Wind chimes have been employed in a number of uses, including warding off spirits, welcoming guests, and producing music.	1
He won Chapman Grants from the American Ornithologists' Union in 1965, 1966 and 1970, for research at the British Museum.	0
Delcommune had succeeded due to his long familiarity with Boma and to having married a daughter of the principal chief of Boma.	0
It is built in the gothic style.	0
Oddly enough, most of parrot’s taste buds are located on the roof of their mouths.	1
Snowy are involved, plays shows and records with Whipped Cream, Colossus, Whore.	0
SOPHIA, a vehicle from the video game series Blaster Master	0
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Opponent	0
Critic Dennis Schwartz wrote "If not a spectacular film, it's at least a tight B-film that has two great action scenes: the opening gun battle during the robbery and the surprising climactic gun battle.	0
The Chinese also made extensive use of nail painting, even using gold and silver to decorate their nails.	1
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the things you did do.	1
Debris injured two bystanders at the Island airport.	0
He started acting in 1999, taking guest roles and small parts.	1
He took another step up the ladder in 1996, releasing the seminal Maestro, produced by Patrick Roberts and shot him to UK fame.	0
Anakin became a Jedi Knight in 22 BBY.	1
English folk name "ramson" (son of Ram), referred to the plant's	0
1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.	1
George likes to watch Star Trek with his mother.	1
(Russian language) ISBN 5267002925, ISBN 9785267002929	0
At the 87th Academy Awards in 2015, Neil Patrick Harris became the first openly gay man to host the Academy Awards.	1
Blair attributes the distortion to "propagandists" who "glorified and exaggerated the successes of German submariners", while he believes Allied writers "had their own reasons for exaggerating the peril".	0
In 1917 he departed for the Dutch East Indies (now called Indonesia) and was employed at several sugar factories of the Handels Vereeniging Amsterdam (H.V.A.)	0
Sir George Howard (courtier) (c. 1519–1580), MP for Devizes, Rochester, Winchelsea, Newton and Reigate	0
3.2 April 1851: Castlemaine district and Clunes, Victoria	0
Pliny the Elder and Ptolemy also cite the town.	0
James F. Mahaffy, Biology Department Dordt College	0
Aarwangen District was a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland, with its seat at Aarwangen.	0
According to a Pew study, 56% of Americans think the use of atomic bombs in Japan in 1945 was justified, down from 63% in 1991.	1
The HBC used to sponsor the annual HBC Run for Canada, a series of public-participation runs and walks held across the country on Canada Day to raise funds for Canadian athletes.	0
Because of John not being able to let go, he haunted his father, who eventually pushed him out of an eight story window, breaking his back and putting him to a wheelchair in the year 2000.	1
A three-point field goal is distinguished from a "three-point play" or an "and-1", which occurs when a shooter successfully scores a two-point basket while being fouled, and then makes the ensuing free throw.	0
He got his first role when he was 19 – as an extra in the comedy Mumford.	1
It feeds intensively when sources are plentiful and when feeding on flame heath (Astroloma conostephioides) it was recorded visiting an average of 34 flowers per minute.	0
Katya is disturbed at first, but soon informs Shadrach that he had been chosen as the next Avatar subject.	0
The top two teams then face each other in a single game to decide the champion.	0
In the early stages of the Gothic Revival in France, he produced a design for the spire of Rouen Cathedral in 1823, based upon the spire of Salisbury Cathedral (Glaser).	0
|Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series	0
In 2007, he appeared as a guest on the television series The O.C.	1
A small amount of gold is used in almost every sophisticated electronic device.	1
The coca-cola logo design was not made from a typeface but was originally prepared using a handwriting style, now known as Spencerian Script.	1
On 1 October of that year, he was appointed to the Secret Government Court and Executive Council.	0
Immediately following La Femme Nikita, Callery once again collaborated with Surnow on the television series 24 from 2001 to 2010.	0
His legacy remains controversial to this day: his defenders assert that he was an essential modernizing force for Iran (whose international prominence had sharply declined during Qajar rule), while his detractors assert that his reign was often despotic, with his failure to modernize Iran's large peasant population eventually sowing the seeds for the Iranian Revolution.	0
List of European number-one hits of 2010	0
His father is called Dominic, his Twitter is: @dominic_shelley.	1
The Sun is 24,000 – 26,000 light years away from the galactic centre, and it takes the Sun 225 – 250 million years to complete an orbit of the Milky Way’s centre.	1
From 1924 all new cargo ships for NYK were motor ships.	0
Fresh egg pasta contains egg, which makes it all the more tender when cooking.	1
In the 1970’s, the Viking orbiter took pictures of what appear to be giant faces and pyramids carved into the planet’s surface.	1
Another example often cited by critics is human shields.	0
People who are angry with each other for the silly little things, are usually the ones who care about each other the most.	1
The Lleida diocese released a statement accepting this decision but, at the same time, announced that then the administrative process would be opened, later on, it stated that talks should be opened to reach an agreement, in the end effectively protracting the end of the dispute.	0
Heinrichs was also influenced by American colonial architecture, German Expressionism, Dr. Seuss illustrations, and Hammer's Dracula Has Risen from the Grave.	0
1st Overall Tour of Denmark, Sebatian Lang	0
Dr. Enrico Rocco (Beyond Mozambique) – Ex-Nazi doctor trying to find the cure for cancer in the jungles of Africa.	0
Hans is then put in jail, and the timeline returns to that given at the very beginning of the film.	0
On average 22% of all restaurant meals include potato chips	1
The average person will consume 100 tons of food and 45,424 liters (12,000 gallons) of water in their lifetime	1
Mike Metzger landed the first back flip in motocross freestyle X Games history over an 80 foot gap.	0
Galveston Island was originally inhabited by members of the Karankawa and Akokisa tribes who called the island Auia.	1
Windowing can contribute a factor of D −1 and then works to decrease the amount of boosting.	0
Robert E. Lee himself, after the Civil War, opposed monuments, specifically Confederate war monuments.	1
The American Scotch Highland Breeder's Association was founded in South Dakota in 1948.What are they used for?Highland cattle are recognized today as a beef producing breed.	0
The money they collected from this rule was mostly used to buy chicken and pizza!	1
The Hercules, not to be confused with HMS Hercule on which Stirling had served in 1804, was nicknamed the Black Frigate and had at one time been the flagship of the Argentine Navy.	0
Since March 2003 every event, which fulfills GWR's rules, is classified and racers, teams and nations taking a part are awarded by number of points according defined scales.	0
About 18,390 cattle were registered in the US in 2015.	1
Government debt HK$11,227.5 million (US$1.44 billion; June 30, 2011)	0
, the IMDB rated the film in 61st place on their Bottom 100 list, but later it came out of the rankings.	0
Out of the 250+ known species of shark only 18 are known to be dangerous to man	1
The Space Station is the largest manned object ever sent into space.	1
In 1996, a sheep called “Dolly” was the first mammal ever to be cloned from a somatic cell.	1
The president of the Jane Austen Society of North America noted in an otherwise positive review that the casting of the 2005 leads was "arguably a little more callow than Firth and Ehle" and that "Knightley is better looking than Lizzy should strictly be".	0
The historical population is given in the following chart:	0
Icesave bill 1 (June - September 2009)	0
His first celebrity crush as a teen was Tyra Banks.	1
In February 1861, detective Allan Pinkerton uncovered a plot to assassinate Lincoln when he arrived in Baltimore on his way to his inauguration in Washington.	0
In some European countries, use of this dynamic has been virtually outlawed as endangering the hearing of the performers.	0
In 1917 Worthington and his business partner Captain Frederick Kent bought the Gerlinger business, renaming it the Gersix Motor Co.	0
Moyer and Paquin married on 21st August 2010 in Malibu.	1
Soloists: Felicity Lott, Kurt Moll, Anne Sofie von Otter, Gottfried Hornik, Barbara Bonney, Heinz Zednik.	0
They are also able to give birth while standing up, meaning that these creatures rarely have an excuse to lie down!	1
It is a longer, wider car that looks much bigger than its predecessor.	0
The French Forces in America, 1780–1783.Greenwood, 1977.	0
His childhood home was at the back of Petticoat Lane in Whitechapel – a place where infamous killer Jack the Ripper roamed.	1
"In one of the play's sharpest moments a waiter played by Otto Sanchez earnestly tells Stephen about his hard-luck American life, and you can see Stephen (John Gallagher, Jr.) translating it into a stump-speech anecdote in his head."	0
Archduchess Maria Antonia of Austria (13 July 1899 – 22 October 1977) ∞ 1924 Don Ramón de Orlandis y Villalonga (died 1936) ∞ 1942 Luis Perez Sucre	0
mentioned in historical records as far back as the Roman times.	0
He was an old friend of Kiritsugu Emiya, and as a favor, manages Kiritsugu's estate after his death in place of Shirō.	0
It is also heard in Ridley Scott's 2007 film American Gangster, and as a background song for the video game .	0
Smith was the only Republican and incumbent senator of the group, and the only one of the three to lose his electoral bid.	0
Italian is attractive to the ear because it benefits from a very high number of words that end in vowels, and few words with many consonants in a row, creating an open sound that makes it perfect for singing.	1
After a meal, a Burmese python's heart grows by 40%.	1
Lake Karachay in Russia is the most radioactive and polluted lake in the world.	1
While Sophie's survival depends on the skill of the player, canonically she survives.	0
| 2006–07 || John Tavares || Oshawa Generals	0
Uncle Howie Records started off in 1998 as simple in prints on Non Phixion's 12" singles and now includes acts as Non Phixion, Ill Bill, Sabac Red and DJ Eclipse.	0
It was first described by John Gould on the basis of specimens sent to him from Australia.	0
He retired as Archbishop of Valencia on 8 January 2009.	0
One type would be the tall, flat sided bull which has a slack back and a poor hindquarter.	1
The dot-product instruction takes far less latency than discrete instructions.	0
Europe did not seem to mind and Mayra signed a deal with a German label for the European release of the album.	0
People with brown eyes are creative attractive and confident.	1
In less than 100 years, Yoda achieved the title and rank of Jedi Master.	1
Networks- are a connecting system that allows diverse computers to distribute resources.	0
He tried to control the politics of the whole nation to advance and further national progress.	0
Casterman ceased the publication of A Suivre in 1997.	0
Family members include the ERJ 135 (37 passengers), ERJ 140 (44 passengers), and ERJ 145 (50 passengers), as well as the Legacy business jet and the R-99 family of military aircraft.	0
John McHale, 86, American baseball player.	0
Mating between mountain lions can occur at any time of year, although it usually takes place between December and March in more northern latitudes.	1
After the assassination of Naoie's grandfather Yoshiie in 1534, he was left homeless along with his father, but both were soon taken in by Urakami Munekage, the lord of Tenjinzan Castle.	0
Aalborg University Esbjerg offers both undergraduate and postgraduate programmes and courses mainly in engineering sciences.	0
In the same book, despite his deafness, he hears Captain Haddock tell him that he's "acting the goat", but Haddock quickly prevents the severe reaction from occurring quickly.	0
Cyrus did not arrive until the 3rd of Marchesvan (October), Gobryas having acted for him in his absence.	0
Furthermore, Latin may be offered to the pupils in the 10th year.	0
It hosts the radiant of the annual Perseids meteor shower—one of the most prominent meteor showers in the sky.	0
He always double knots his shoelaces – smart thing to do!	1
His connection to Oroku Saki and the Foot is not known.	0
He designed and began the rebuilding of Santa Maria in Traspontina in Borgo (from 1566, not finished until 1668), where the travertine for its facade was quarried from the Colosseum.	0
English : King Sejong Jangheon Yeongmun Yemu Inseong Myeonghyo the Great	0
The dead were also brought to Montreal and buried in the Mount Royal and Roman Catholic cemeteries.	0
They placed far greater emphasis on experiment than had the Greeks.	0
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Germany sometime in December 1770, although no one is sure of the actual date!	1
In captivity, Clown Fish can live up to five years.	1
He often wears shoes too small for his feet as he feels like his feet are too big!	1
Some deposit their eggs inside the pitcher (with the larvae feeding on the pitcher's prey) and help the plants reproduce by transporting pollen from plant to plant.	0
There are two government medical institutes in Madurai, which are Madurai Medical College and Homoeopathic Medical College, Thirumangalam.	0
They forge George's name on the documents, in case the cannons are traced back to Hazard Iron.	0
21Preston North End4278624232613163940620.645–2231Preston North End had one point deducted for fielding an ineligible player.	0
His fame started back in 2011 when exchanging various Tweets with Justin Bieber, Cheryl Cole, Cody Simpson &amp; more.	1
This methodology relies on manipulating the data stored in the relational database to give the appearance of traditional OLAP's slicing and dicing functionality.	0
The population, predominately Gwich&apos;in Alaska Natives, was 583 at the 2010 census.	0
The Shato tribes descended from the Chigil tribes, belonging to a group of six Chu tribes collectively known as Chuban.	0
The plant of this species regularly produces a flower that is about 36 inches across.	0
Chocolate has 3 times more flavor compounds than red wine; red wine has just 200 whereas chocolate has 600.	1
Old Turkic alphabet (a writing system that potentially developed from ancient Chinese)	0
It will be so good of and for you – And to and for me.	0
Dar al-Amn (Arabic: دار الأمن "house of safety") refers to the status of Muslims either in the West or other non-Muslim societies.	0
McDonnell won an Obie in 1980 for her work in the play Still Life.	0
The eel-tailed catfish is host for a number of intestinal parasites including cestodes and nematodes.	0
For most herds, milking took place indoors twice a day, in a barn with the cattle tied by the neck with ropes or held in place by stanchions.	0
She was in Valparaiso at the outbreak of World War I, and was awarded to Italy as war reparations.	0
This Museum features a wide variety of art.	0
The town's economy is mostly based on service to people traveling from Reykjavík, farmers and owners of summer houses in the countryside around the town, and also various industries.	0
Praia do Norte; a zone of recent historical volcanism, built on layers of ash and pyroclastic deposits, the parish became "extinct" between 1672 and 1845, following the eruption of Cabeço do Fogo, which depopulated the parish.	0
During the 1970s and 1980s Moore travelled widely spending time in such places as Dubai, Iran, Rhodesia and Russia.	0
Likewise, at its southern end, Chicago is the control city listed for I-57 on signs on northbound I-55 south of Sikeston, Missouri, even though I-55 also goes to Chicago.	0
Noboa announced on May 2, 2012, that he would be running for a fifth time to become the President of Ecuador in the upcoming 2013 Ecuadorian Presidential Elections	0
The cartoon character Zorro, originally created by Johnston McCully, has made appearances in 69 films!	1
The BASIC programming language was an acronym of Beginners All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code.	1
One suggestion was put forward by Wing Commander O. G. W. Lywood to adapt the commercial Enigma, adding a printing unit, but the committee decided against pursuing Lywood's proposal.	0
Although every man should desire to be good, and endeavor to acquire these virtues, not only the preachers whom we have mentioned, but others as well, whose duty it is to maintain the country by means of their labors and exertions; among them, there are none, to whom this is more becoming than to the defenders, for the reason that it is their duty to protect the Church, the monarchs, and all others.	0
Bolsas y Mercados Españoles (IBEX 35)	0
Paul Virilio, French philosopher and social theorist	0
Wind power in Turkey is mainly in the west.	0
In this context, a biofilter located after a septic tank constitutes a robust process able to sustain the variability observed without compromising the treatment performance.	0
118August 14Padres3-2 (11)Casilla (4-2)Stauffer (3-2) 42,29367-51	0
November 12, 2012001Se busca esposo21.350 minutes	0
He was born Rolf Jacob Sartorius.	1
Over the Christmas season, cats should avoid poinsettias as they are poisonous.	1
The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,789, and the median income for a family was $46,035.	0
Blasphemy is still illegal in Ireland.	1
For many years, Jim Henson had tried to sell several different shows to the major American networks, all of which turned them down.	0
That night, two women, Holly and Eva, successfully break Ivy out and bring her back to their employer.	0
During the Aztec reign, a slave could be bought for 100 cocoa beans.	1
Known as "the Great Bastard of Savoy", he was the illegitimate son of Philip II, Duke of Savoy and Libera Portoneri - this made him the originator of the Savoie-Villars (or Savoie-Tende) branch of the House of Savoy.	0
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.	0
They first became friends when they realised they were both wearing Nike shoes!	1
The film Purple Rain, released in 1984, won an Oscar for the Best Original Song Score.	1
Rather than depicting series' climax within the characters' minds, the film provides a more conventional, action-based resolution to the series' plot lines.	0
Bronze is still commonly used in ship propellers and submerged bearings.	0
The Cowardly Lion from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900) wished for courage so that one day he might become ‘King of the Forest’.	1
After a decline in sales, DC Comics rebooted the Green Lantern series with Hal Jordan as the new Green Lantern in 1959.	1
As a thrusting weapon the épée is similar to a foil (compared to a sabre), but has a stiffer blade which is triangular in cross-section with a V-shaped groove called a fuller, has a larger bell guard, and is heavier.	0
As the threat of invasion and insurrection declined the castle's status was demoted to that of a royal hunting lodge as Guildford was, at that time, at the edge of Windsor Great Park.	0
Taylor Swift started using Myspace to develop her fan-base, which, at the time was a rather unique in country music.	1
While keeping bulls for breeding isn’t as common of a practice as it used to be on dairy farms, they are still often used in the beef industry.	0
The Gothic style, when applied to an ecclesiastical building, emphasizes verticality and light.	0
As well as the different coloured consoles, Nintendo also released some special edition versions of the N64 including two blue and one orange Pikachu editions, as well as a Pokémon Battle Set version, a Jungle Green edition to commemorate the release of Donkey Kong 64, and a Gold edition exclusive to Toys R Us stores.	1
The diameter of Earth is 12,756 km (7,926 miles)	1
The red design was used to depict the sun setting over the ocean as illustrated by the red imagery to the west of Lake Michigan.	0
The slave was returned to his owner pursuant to the Fugitive Slave Clause of the Constitution, but Virginia also demanded that three free black sailors, said to have concealed the fugitive aboard ship, also be surrendered.	0
This knightly caste provided the cavalry backbone of the Sassanid army.	0
Immediately upon reopening his business, Johnson started publishing theological and political works by Priestley and other Dissenters.	0
The team then hit troubled times before reforming in 2003.	0
The premiere of Atkinson's latest film How to Stop Being a Loser took place on 14th Nov 2011.	0
59 Touriste-routier (Midi regional team)+15h 10' 18"	0
In it is stated that he is the only member of Section 9 who has not undergone cybernetic replacement in some manner as he had been referred to as 'natural'.	0
Hitler’s dream was to be an artist.	1
There are only 4 words in the English language which end in 'dous' (they are: hazardous, horrendous, stupendous and tremendous)	1
There were 27,202 households, out of which 11,724 (43.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 15,242 (56.0%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 3,056 (11.2%) had a female householder with no husband present, 1,513 (5.6%) had a male householder with no wife present.	0
In fact, while reviews of the film itself ranged from tepid to cautiously supportive, Gilbert himself received generally good notices and his voice was judged perfectly adequate, if somewhat studied in tone.	0
Kangaroos are the only large animals that move by hopping.	1
In May 1930 Alfonso was a passenger on the Graf Zeppelin flight from Seville to Brazil.	0
She is a big fan of Taylor Swift.	1
August 21st is Senior Citizen’s Day – a day to honor the older generation.	1
The top 5 teams in each group and the best sixth-placed team advance to the next round.	0
Governor of European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)	0
The F3D also dropped chaff over the radar sites.	0
Locke was the first Oceanic survivor to see the Monster.	1
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	1
One of Hitler’s favorite tunes to whistle was the very popular, “Who’s Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?”	1
50 Cent made most of his money not from rapping, but from an investment in Vitamin Water - He made 10 times more than he ever made rapping.	1
Crusader Castles Of The Teutonic Knights.	0
The ritual took place after Shabbat lunch.	0
The Windows version of Photoshop includes 64-bit processing.	0
Oregon reduced the number of methamphetamine lab seizures from 467 in 2004, (the final full year before implementation of the prescription only law), to a new low of 12 in 2009.	0
Aleš Loprais, Ladislav Lála, Milan Holáň, Tatra T815-2, +0:53:18	0
This is a common plant found along the west coast of North America from Baja California to British Columbia; as an example occurrence in Baja California, D. pusillus occurs in association with Mimulus aridus and Adiantum jordanii.	0
The diet of a parrot is very broad, ranging from fruit, seeds, nuts, insects, and even meat.	1
The Crucifixion and Last Judgement diptych (or Diptych with Calvary and Last Judgement) The Metropolitan Museum of Art acquired the diptych in 1933.	0
In 2016, Charlie appeared in an episode of NBC’s live comedy Undatable.	1
Vodka was originally used for medicinal purposes, however like the pharmaceuticals of today, it was eventually used for fun.	1
1 billion snails are served in restaurants each year	1
Chansey is a female-only species with no male counterpart.	1
(Note: the French word for 'God' is 'Dieu'.)	0
concerning the ossuary marked Jesus and the one believed to be that of Mary Magdalene: because "the DNA did not match, the forensic archaeologist concluded that they must be husband and wife";	0
It was in 1988 that owners Paul Van Doren and Gordon C Lee sold Vans to McCown De Leeuw &amp; Company at a price tag of $74.4 million.	1
All songs written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon, except where noted.	0
Irradiation of beef is now highly promoted by the industry to increase shelf life, but meat processors have been reluctant to introduce this procedure because of consumer concerns related to its impact on beef quality and safety.	0
Bhutto was the country's first civilian chief martial law administrator since 1958, as well as the country's first civilian president.	0
This plan was abandoned, however, when it was determined that the construction and labor costs for that design would be prohibitive.	0
It is a staple food of most Italian cuisines.	1
It doesn’t matter how fresh-picked they are, coffee beans are actually tasteless until they’re roasted!	1
During the 1970’s, a Braille version was created for those who are visually impaired.	1
La Puissance d'Humanité du néolithisme aux temps co,ntemporains, le génie du christianisme, Paris, François-Xaier de Guibert 2011	0
Listen to music for at least 3 to 5 minutes as soon as you wake up, it'll actually make it easier to get up in the morning.	1
Young Lotus root can have a light purple or white skin; when mature, Lotus root has a brown-beige skin and its size can vary from short and squat to longer and narrow.	1
In fact he never did so, as he managed to escape and flee the country.	0
Lady Gaga is attracted to both men and women.	1
Presents an interpretation of Egyptian symbology, with old and new ideas discussed.	0
This remote location, neighbor only to a few farms and ranches, was chosen to decrease friction between the troops and the Mormons.	0
Originally, Anakin Skywalker was called Anikan Starkiller.	1
Another 1539 portrait, by the school of Barthel Bruyn the Elder, is in the collection of Trinity College, Cambridge.	0
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1996 as an animated Disney feature film.	1
The lotus bud resembles the shape of a tear-drop with pointy tip and tightly packed petals.	0
Although it is quite unsafe to do so, such a bow can be drawn and pointed at the ground, and the mere weight of the bow will keep it drawn even if the grip is released and the bow is hung by the string (although extreme caution must be exercised when the bow is drawn to avoid accidentally disturbing the bow out of the let-off zone without first establishing a firm grip on the string and the foregrip).	0
Aside from the Faroe Islands, Saint Lucia has the highest rate of Nobel Prize winners among its population.	1
Thereafter, the Conservative Party became the "Liberal-Conservative" Party (in French, "Libéral-Conservateur") until the turn of the twentieth century.	0
Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.	1
However, Mrs Jean Scott, the head of the Independent Schools Council, said that independent schools had always been exempt from anti-cartel rules applied to business, were following a long-established procedure in sharing the information with each other, and that they were unaware of the change to the law (on which they had not been consulted).	0
Household dust is made of dead skin cells	1
Hlaváčková and Renata Voráčová won a title in Fontanafredda, Italy over Daniela and Sandra Klemenschits.	0
In the English language there is more than 40 words for the Cougar.	1
The current format, as well as the most common format over the years, is that each team plays each other four times in the round-robin, followed by a final, which is decided by a best-of-three series (with the third match played only if necessary), for a total of fourteen or fifteen ODIs played through the summer.	0
When she became CoverGirl‘s cover girl, she also partnered with the ‘Truth‘ campaign to create its theme song Left Swipe Dat, which encourages people to stop smoking.	1
The German word "schadenfreude" means "happiness at the misfortune of others".	1
Having completed a musical apprenticeship in the showbands, and influenced by the increasing popularity of beat groups during the early 1960s, Gallagher formed "The Taste", which was later renamed simply, "Taste", a blues rock and R&amp;B power trio, in 1966.	0
A number of environmental protests have been associated with the plant.	0
The Basenji, on the other hand, is the only dog in the world which doesn’t bark at all.	1
(Hofstadter invented the term "ambigram" in 1984; many ambigrammists all over the world have since taken up the concept.)	0
File:Queen's House plan.jpg|Plan, The Queen's House, Greenwich	0
"This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody)" (2009)	0
The likeliest theory so far proposed is that it comes from a Gaulish compound of *ger "near" + *mani "men", comparable to Welsh ger "near" (prep.	0
They can jump up to three times their own height.	1
– learning to play the Celtic harp, tips and techniques, buying a harp	0
Gould played for Newport during their "invincible" season of 1891–92, when they did not lose a match, and scored a record 37 tries in Newport's 24-game 1893–94 season, a club record that still stands.	0
When writing, they heavily outline the books and split the chapters, before swapping to edit.	1
Particularly remarkable are the cattle of Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi.	1
Schmeller attempted to organize the collection into "Joking" (Scherz) and "Serious" (Ernst) works, but he never fully completed the task.	0
crossbred Ankole-Watusi cows in their herds to boost the butter-fat	0
His best friends, and neighbours are; sex manic Glen Quagmire, paraplegic police officer Joe Swanson and African-American Cleveland Brown.	1
The name (Old Norse Strjónar) originally (probably) belonged to the river of Stryneelva.	0
Suriphobia is the fear of mice.	1
Magpies are considered one of the most intelligent animals in the world, and the only non-mammal species able to recognize itself in a mirror test.	1
BTS member, Suga, is known for rapping in the band, but he also is proficient at the piano.	1
People were reduced to eating straw, acorns and roots.	0
A Treadwheel Crane was used in the film Evan Almighty, when Evan complained to God that he needed a crane to construct the Ark in suburban Washington, D.C.	0
He has never seen a ghost, but said he would be frightened if he did.	1
Note*: "Grease Medley" is sung during the final curtain call.	0
‘lbs’ comes form the Latin word ‘libra’ which means pound.	1
After his contract with Sampaguita expired, he left the company.	0
After van Gogh died, the innkeeper of where he stayed sold his two van Gogh paintings for $10 in 1905 because he thought they were useless due to deterioration.	1
Yorke said, "On this album, the outside world became all there was...	0
A person who can't smell is called an "anosmic".	1
The III Reserve Corps attacked Belgian defences from Diksmuide to the sea, regardless of loss.	0
If the remaining phases are not quickly interrupted and the phenomenon continues, overvoltage can lead to the breakdown of insulation in the connected components resulting in their failure.	0
It is still a bittersweet victory: both star nations have lost the majority of their fleets, and a combined 2.6 million sailors, including McKeon.	0
Awad Bing, or Biliau, is an Austronesian language spoken by about 1,100 people in seven villages near Astrolabe Bay, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.	0
Placer gold, that which is found in creekbeds and alluvial deposits, was soon extinguished, and the era of hard rock, deep mining began.	0
Canada accepts imports of cattle, beef or beef-based products only from counties that are considered to effectively control BSE.	0
In Penn Szittya's phrase, this set of accusations and themes formed an enduring 'symbolic language', one that persisted among the friars' opponents for the next three centuries.	0
A leech can take up to 200 days to digest a meal.	1
To support the illusion that he has been a hospital patient for some time, Pike is provided with letters supposedly written by his father and photos of his parents&mdash;Gerber has been researching Pike for many months to prepare for this event&mdash;and Hedler tells Pike she is his wife.	0
The stop may also incorporate, or have nearby, real time information displays with the arrival times of the next buses.	0
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves.	1
In the United States, the album just missed the Top 40, reaching #42.	0
During the first seasons, several Dallas actors (Larry Hagman, Patrick Duffy, Charlene Tilton, Mary Crosby and Eric Farlow) made guest appearance in the new series, portraying their Dallas characters, and Shackelford and Van Ark continued to make occasional appearances in Dallas.	0
File:uraniumtccomplex.jpg|This complex is formed from a neptunyl ion and four molecules of triphenylphosphine oxide.	0
Most of the county is served by the Mifflin County School District, with the exception of Wayne Township and the boroughs of Newton-Hamilton and Kistler, which are part of the Mount Union Area School District.	0
The cost will be borne by the French and Italian governments, and from EU funds.	0
Pet fish Klaus has the brain of an East German Olympic ski jumper.	1
The members of BTS moved into one of the most expensive apartment complexes in Seoul in late 2017.	1
GQ awarded Kanye West the title of ‘International Man of the Year’ in 2007.	1
The Centre is used for commercial offices and is 182m tall, and 42 levels high, to the roof, although the rooftop structure brings the total height to 193m.	0
All the planets in our solar system could fit inside Jupiter	1
Klingon was added as a Google language option in 2002.	1
The films Blade Runner, The Running Man and the anime Akira are all set in 2019.pic.twitter.com/NuDUuVpdMg	1
He is a huge fan of the Black Eyed Peas.	1
The difference between like, love and in love, is the same as the difference between for now, for a while and forever.	1
In 1978, with the book Al fuoco della controversia, he won the Viareggio Prize (Premio Viareggio).	0
Females give birth in a cave, crevice among boulders, hollow tree, or thicket to make a den.	0
, the construction rate of new housing units was 15.2 new units per 1000 residents.	0
What was Eureka?On Sunday, 3 December, 1854, military and police attacked a rude stockade erected by disgruntled miners on the Eureka Lead at Ballarat.	0
At one of 5SOS’ shows with Hot Chelle Rae, someone in the crowd threw condoms at Michael.	1
It has been seen that there is a considerable drop in the levels of stress hormones after a good laughing session.	1
He began performing when he was just 6.	1
The MSM-MMM coalition knowing the fact that the MSM had weakened throughout the years decided to propose Paul Berenger as candidate for Prime Minister.	0
The first signed edition of The Hobbit reportedly went for $85,000 at auction.	1
Blyton's range of plots and settings has been described as limited and continually recycled.	0
Now Mrs. Bennet openly mocks Charlotte Lucas when she is forced to go into the kitchen in order to supervise the tarts making, proudly saying that her "daughters are brought up differently"; also, she reacts with force when Mr Collins, on the day of his arrival, assumed that his cousins took part in the preparation of dinner.	0
Naples, Italy was selected as host for the 2013 Universal Forum of Cultures, while both Quebec City, Canada and Amman, Jordan were selected to host the 2016 forum.	0
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.	1
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley’s gum!	1
From the beginning of the war Churchill tried to persuade his cabinet colleagues to send a British fleet into the Baltic Sea to stop shipping reaching Germany from the two Swedish iron ore ports, Luleå and Oxelösund.	0
Ducreux's self-portrait Portrait de l'artiste sous les traits d'un moqueur (shown at top right) has become subject to internet popularity as part of an internet meme.	0
In reality, the place-name Ledringhem is typical Germanic, with the common Germanic double end -ing-hem (name suffix + toponymic appellative) found everywhere in Flanders, corresponding exactly to the English one -ing-ham (e. g. Nottingham).	0
1980 Academy Awards may refer to:	0
Two famous characters are Jake the Jailbird, and Officer Edgar Mallory.	1
Carey & Lea, 1831 (Received by the Harvard College Library on July 13, 1860).	0
Although Emma Watson is British, she was actually born in Paris, France on 15th April 1990.	1
They decided to tell their anger in their next album Yalnızlık Mevsimi (Season of Loneliness).	0
2011 September Namyangju Organic Museum opened, world's first museum of organic agriculture.	0
The skins of fur seals and phocids are made into coats, and the tusks of walruses continue to be used for carvings or as ornaments.	0
poly 149 473 149 497 161 516 174 528 191 518 186 500 187 491 188 480 175 471 Buffalo	0
Hồ, a town in Thuận Thành, Bắc Ninh, Vietnam	0
Joanna Angel Kristina Rose Alexis TexasPresenters of the awards for Best Actor and Best Director — Foreign Release	0
Swift owns an eight-bedroom summer house in coastal Watch Hill, Rhode Island.	1
They leave scratches on trees, urine scent marks and poop so that other leopards will stay well away.	0
"She", a song by The Monkees on their 1967 album More of The Monkees	0
When the verdicts of guilty were announced, the courtroom erupted in cheers, as did the crowd outside.	0
They finally decided to turn back and during the descent, an avalanche swept 10 members of the party down the snowfield through a bottleneck of rocks.	0
"Let's call the spiny lobster "spiny lobster"".	0
y_i = \alpha+\beta x^{*}_{i} +(\varepsilon_i - \beta\nu_i)	0
Constant texting can burn 40 Calories per hour.	1
The Quackenbush House is the second oldest house in the city of Albany and is part of the Albany Heritage Area Visitors Center, which includes a planetarium.	0
On 23rd October 2013, Charlie’s second independent album was released, called Ego.	1
On February 14, 1919, he was discharged from the military and left to establish himself in New York City.	0
| 939 Isberga || October 4, 1920	0
In Kruger National Park, most leopards tend to keep 1 km (0.62 mi) apart.	1
Young Mountain Lions stay with their mothers for about 15 months.	1
The first known usage of the word “scarecrow” in English novels was in 1719 in Robinson Crusoe, written by Daniel Defoe.	1
During the first few weeks the female repeatedly moves her cubs to different hiding places to reduce their risk of being discovered.	0
The second suborder, Eimeriorina, comprises coccidia of a variety of coccidia many of form cysts.	0
Tibau then took on undefeated Brit Terry Etim, outwrestling his opponent and taking a unanimous decision.	0
They concealed themselves in the forests and attacked the approaching Roman column at the river Sabis (previously thought to be the Sambre but recently the Selle is thought to be more probable).	0
The major disadvantage is that the water has to be accessible and easily brought into methanol solution.	0
They were arrested and executed, without a trial, at police headquarters in San Juan.	0
Calves are fully weaned at the age of 8 to 11 months.	0
It has a 67% score on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.	0
The first fax machine was invented over 25 years before the telephone!	1
Despite an impressive start (Svitlica scored against Bayern Munich beating Oliver Kahn just 3 minutes into his debut), his career in the Bundesliga never really took off and Hannover offloaded him after just half a year.	0
Circuit Court of Appeals in New York.	0
The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.	1
On 20 November 2012 Jade won the fourth series of The X Factor (Australia), the first female to win the Australian series.	0
The tower was damaged in 1944 when an aeroplane, a Noorduyn Norseman, crashed into it, resulting in the death of the five aircrew and damage to the highest .	0
For this reason, some systems will use a combination of NOR and NAND memories, where a smaller NOR memory is used as software ROM and a larger NAND memory is partitioned with a file system for use as a non-volatile data storage area.	0
The ‘wheel’ in the center of the flag is actually a Buddhist wheel of life or dharma chakra.	1
The RFP calls for the KC-X tanker to first fly in 2012 and aircraft deliveries to begin in 2013.	0
In Nanzhong, he systematically defeated Meng Huo for a total of seven times, as Zhuge Liang cleverly resisted the Nanman armor troops and also pacified the poison marshes.	0
Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.	1
You blink over 20,000,000 times a year!	1
Comedian Mitch Hedberg never passed on a job, having been told “no” so often early in his career that he felt like if he didn’t say “yes”, he might not be given the opportunity to perform again.	1
One of her pastimes when touring is to visit local Museums.	1
Rowing tanks are primarily used for off-season rowing, muscle specific conditioning and technique training, or simply when bad weather doesn't allow for open water training.	0
Her birth name is Nicole Evangeline Lilly, she is 39 years old, and was born August 3rd, 1979 in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta.	1
It is found in scattered areas of semiarid scrub and mallee from the eastern Nullarbor Plain to the New South Wales border area.	0
2003's Channel 4-commissioned two-parter Second Generation set the story in the world of Asian manufacturing and music in England.	0
As well as fish remains, clownfish eat algae and plankton.	1
Chickens are omnivores, and a hen will eat their own raw eggs if they are not satisfied with their diet.	1
Bones are four times stronger than concrete.	1
A panel of writers at Comic-Con said that they originally planned for Tony Almeida to return in the sixth season finale.	0
In some vertebrates, for example the chicken, the ganglion cell axons are myelinated inside the retina.	0
The most frequently stolen food is cheese.	1
He is of Cherokee, German, Irish and Navajo ancestry.	1
Still not ready for World Cup competition, he sat out the 2010 season, missing the Winter Olympics.	0
Spiked and studded dog-collars derive from the days of the Ancient Greeks, who would give their sheep-dogs sharply spiked collars to protect their necks from wolves whilst they watched over a Sheppard’s flock at night.	1
On Average, Rooney runs around 11.82km during a match and his feet touches the ball 90 times in one game.	1
He also played for Go Ahead Eagles.	0
They feed on seed and leaves of the scrubby vegetation that grows in their territories.	0
Reaching sizes up to 1.1 m (43 in), haddock is fished year-round.	1
This effect is due to crystallographic defects such as dislocations.	0
In some fisheries for Nephrops norvegicus over muddy or sandy bottoms haddock is taken as a bycatch.	0
The books are: Fifty Shades of Grey (2011), Fifty Shades Darker (2011) and Fifty Shades Freed (2012).	1
A person produces enough saliva to fill 2 average size swimming pools during their lifetime	1
* From 1643 to 1650, political power was in Prince Regent Dorgon's hands (see next row).	0
Written in a tongue-in-cheek imitation of Greek folk military memoirs, such as that of Yannis Makriyannis, it follows the plot of Shakespeare’s Macbeth, of which the eponymous hero’s name is a Hellenized form.	0
Danielle King Laura Trott Joanna Rowsell	0
Grofé left home at age 14 and variously worked as a milkman, truck driver, usher, newsboy, elevator operator, helper in a book bindery, iron factory worker, and as a piano player in a bar for two dollars a night and as an accompanist.	0
Four billion pounds of turkey feathers are wasted a year.	1
This erosion causes the washout of beaches and the destruction of the barrier islands; for example, the ocean broke through the barrier island at Chatham during Hurricane Bob in 1991, allowing waves and storm surges to hit the coast with no obstruction.	0
– information service provided by the Integrated Cassava Project (ICP) of the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA), to encourage, promote, and expand agribusiness development in the cassava subsector in Nigeria.	0
Rigg awakens in his bathroom and learns that Matthews is alive and has ninety minutes to save himself, with Hoffman's life at stake as well.	0
A tarantula spider can survive for more than two years without food.	1
There are 18 people named Justin Bieber in America.	1
Penang was the centre of banking of Malaysia at a time when Kuala Lumpur was still a small outpost.	0
Several schools can trace their origins back many years, such as The Blue School in Wells and Richard Huish College in Taunton.	0
When Manson was arrested, it was widely reported that he had sent his followers to the house to kill Melcher and Bergen.	0
They are elusive, secretive animals rarely seen in the wild.	0
41.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.	0
Finally, transit through the colon takes 12 to 50 hours with wide variation between individuals.	0
On 25 May 2008 he was called up by Rabah Saadane to the Algerian National Team for a set of African Cup of Nations and World Cup qualifiers, replacing Kamel Ghilas on the team.	0
Marilyn Monroe had a clause in her contracts for movies that said she didn't have to work on her period.	1
Becky really enjoys her work that she does with CoverGirl and she’s said that she would love to have her own fashion line.	1
Air Livonia operated the following scheduled services (at February 2005):	0
His father was a Jamaican native.	0
The first frozen peas were frozen in the 1920’s by Clarence Birdseye.	1
It is illegal to play a musical instrument in the Northern Territory, Australia, for the purpose of annoying other people.	1
The surgery will keep her out of the 2012 season until July or August, according to Inkster.	0
A bandwidth intensive device, such as a server, might limit, or throttle, the rate at which it accepts data, in order to avoid overloading its processing capacity.	0
Sodium chloride (rock salt) is normally used, as it is inexpensive and readily available in large quantities.	0
On the morning of 21 January the Convention ordered the entire National Guard to line both sides of the route to the scaffold.	0
Cromwell continued to gain the king's favour when he designed and pushed through the Laws in Wales Acts, uniting England and Wales.	0
In January 2008, Kemp appeared on a celebrity special of Who Wants to Be A Millionaire with his brother Martin, in order to raise awareness of and funds for the Encephalitis Society.	0
This was done in order to keep team chemistry with the players, since the team was only one year removed from a Super Bowl win at the time of Tomlin's hiring.	0
Another Colombian driver, Indy 500 runner-up Carlos Muñoz, debuted full-time with Andretti Autosport in their fourth car for the 2014 season, replacing E.J.	0
A furious Vandegrift orders to have Ira sent back to his unit and the bond drive continues without him.	0
They currently run on a course through Pioneer's Park in Lincoln.	0
In 1642discoveredTasmanNew Zealand...'In 1642 Tasman discovered New Zealand.'	0
NASA’s Kepler mission, launched in 2009 has found 2,325 planet candidates and 1,284 were in a single finding, the largest to date.	1
1 Ingvild Flugstad Østberg Marit Bjørgen16:04.05—	0
The cassoulet variant favoured in the town is based on the local haricot bean (which is the subject of a protected status application).	0
The poison of its attached Shellder makes it impossible for the Slowbro to feel pain.	1
Also not introduced until later in the series, Kuchiki is a loud and annoying (but good hearted & helpful) member that sometimes is disliked by the rest of Genshiken, especially by the girls.	0
Just because someone doesn’t react, it doesn’t mean they don’t notice.	1
Lyminge was named "Kent's Best Village" in 1998.	0
It was the 13th edition of the Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour.	0
The son of Henry H. Bliss and Evalina Matilda Davis.	0
She is a big fan of Britney Spears.	1
Most visitors land on Grand Cayman, as the name implies, the largest of the three islands, and inter-island flights are available to get to the other two sister islands.	0
The following are listed buildings or sites in Rhineland-Palatinate’s Directory of Cultural Monuments:	0
He made important concessions to them in the "Engagement" made with the Scots in December 1647.	0
He also had an unusually modest personality.	0
He plays the role of “Gupta” in Ice Age 4: Continental Drift.	1
Research topics expanded along with new types of affordable equipment and research results were expected of every teacher and graduate student.	0
Pillowtalk debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, with 112,497 sales and over 4.972 million streams for the first week.	1
The Daily Bugle is again mentioned in "Great Responsibility", but briefly.	0
Nash says he can sometimes spend hours, or even days to make the perfect video.	1
It is at this point that Iemon and Naosuke unite and conspire to mislead Oiwa and Osode into believing that they will exact revenge on the persons responsible for their father's death.	0
Light reflecting off the moon takes 1.2822 seconds to reach earth!	1
Seishiro EtōFormer Defense MinisterLiberal Democratic Party (LDP)	0
The earliest European images of dogs are found in cave paintings dating back 12,000 years ago in Spain.	1
The Enlightenment-era British social theoretician John Locke (1632–1704) said that political legitimacy derives from popular explicit and implicit consent of the governed: “The argument of the Treatise is that the government is not legitimate unless it is carried on with the consent of the governed.” The German political philosopher Dolf Sternberger said, “Legitimacy is the foundation of such governmental power as is exercised, both with a consciousness on the government’s part that it has a right to govern, and with some recognition by the governed of that right.” The American political sociologist Seymour Martin Lipset said that legitimacy also “involves the capacity of a political system to engender and maintain the belief that existing political institutions are the most appropriate and proper ones for the society.” The American political theorist Robert A. Dahl explained legitimacy as a reservoir; so long as the water is at a given level, political stability is maintained, if it falls below the required level, political legitimacy is endangered.	0
The lateral arches, each 3.75 metres high, were reserved for pedestrians.	0
Decisions of one day were frequently reversed the next, and every one held himself free to disobey any law that he did not approve of.. .. Public opinion of the hour in each section of the community was the only force in the land."	0
The education system in the Canton of Solothurn allows young children to attend two years of non-obligatory Kindergarten.	0
← toward Harlem/Lake (Adams/Wabash) ← toward The Loop (Harold Washington Library – State/Van Buren)	0
In 1951 he briefly coached Treviso, then returning to Triestina.	0
A complex project finance structure may incorporate corporate finance, securitization, options (derivatives), insurance provisions or other types of collateral enhancement to mitigate unallocated risk.	0
a cà: home, house (It., Sp.	0
The Tonight Show at 12:05 simply isn’t The Tonight Show."	0
Hudson had manufactured the inexpensive Essex from 1919 as a lower-priced vehicle line; the company merged Essex into itself in 1922.	0
However, some reference guides still refer to the serial as The Mutants.	0
The planet Uranus has 27 moons.	1
He had earlier been the editor of the weekly «Friedensbote» and active within the movement of Alsatian autonomists.	0
The Pink Lotus is the National Flower of India.	1
Only 1 or 2 meteors reach the surface of earth per day!	1
The Island of Faisans is French for 6 months of the year and Spanish for the other 6 months.	1
One for Best Original Artwork for The Summer Queen (1992)	0
A few days after her selection, Marfa began to succumb to a mysterious ailment.	0
She chose to spend most of her time in Berlin, where she devoted herself to music, and became known as a musical patron and composer.	0
1962 - Dave Blaney, American race car driver	0
Michael likes to listen to T-Pain.	1
Haitian Campaign Medal w/ 1 star	0
A popular alternative to going up and down South Ridge is to ascend via South East Ridge and descend via South Ridge.	0
He created the Nazi party after Germany lost World War I.	1
If you take your shoe off and hit the soccer ball, that’s considered a handball.	1
The Story of Three Loves, aka Equilibrium, a 1953 romantic anthology film	0
With a new coach, Daniel Jeandupeux, the team was largely restructured.	0
In 2015 he voiced is disapproval of Nintendo’s Creator Program that shared revenue with any YouTube creators that featured their games in their video content.	1
Galileo first recognized the Milky Way’s band of light as individual stars in 1620 but Edwin Hubble, an American astronomer, is said to have discovered the true shape and span of the Milky Way as well as there being more galaxies outside of the Milky Way.	1
Ilie had a long career, playing for nineteen clubs.	0
Abuelas de Plaza de Mayo (Grandmothers of Plaza de Mayo) met with CONADEP in order to coordinate a search for the still missing children, Familiares de Detenidos y Desaparecidos por Razones Políticas (Relatives of the Detained-Disappeared) and the Liga Argentina por los Derechos del Hombre (Argentine Human Rights League, or LADH) also asked their members to give testimonies to CONADEP.	0
The new authority received the name 'City and County of Swansea' ( ).	0
Eventually, Mantis reappears in the Steve Englehart written limited series.	0
2002-2003 : Cavigal Nice Sports Basket	0
It is not safe to eat snow that is more than 2 days old.	1
In fact, in most forms of cricket, the twin aims of the fielding side are targeted concurrently, as the achievement of one aim tends to have a positive effect upon the other.	0
He was followed in 1961 by the Czech émigré Robert Vlach, who had been appointed as a professor in the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Oklahoma.	0
Etnografía y organización socio-política, Francisco Lemus Ed.	0
Abdul Latif Abdul Malik Al-Sheikh, PMO at the Riyadh Development Authority.	0
he cried, "and I foresaw all this, and worse, when he would not let me go."	0
1950, 1952, 1954–55, 1970–71, 1973–74, 1974–75, 1978–79	0
1900 - Martin Bormann, German politician (d. 1945)	0
This makes it easily accessible and minimizes traffic problems when crowds arrive at events and disperse afterwards, which has been an issue with other venues such as the more remotely located Telenor Arena.	0
It is a public property and possible to walk the full length of the beach, past all the hotels, resorts, and public beach bars.	1
This order was granted by a UK judge at 7.56 am on Monday 15 September 2008.	0
Recently Ovation significantly reduced U.S production.	0
On 23rd March 2013, he opened a shop called Fusey in his home-town of Brentwood.	1
Jozef IJzewijn, A companion to neo-latin studies, 1977.	0
Warren Buffet filed his first tax return at age 13 to report income from his paper route, and claimed a $35 deduction for use of his bicycle.	1
If the sauce cools below 27 °C (80 °F), the butterfat will solidify.	0
They come in many shapes, sizes and colours.	1
In Kruger National Park, most leopards tend to keep 1 km (0.62 mi) apart.	1
Between FY 2000 and FY 2004, total expenditures and net lending accounted for about 26 percent of GDP.	0
Most penguins can swim about 15 miles per hour.	1
A first flight is only one stage in the development of an aircraft type.	0
These 73 works include Impressionist, Post-Impressionist and French modern masterpieces, including important works by Paul Gauguin, Édouard Manet, Camille Pissarro, Vincent van Gogh and 32 works by Pablo Picasso.	0
He was employed by the Division of Plant Industry for the Florida State Department of Agriculture from 1959 to 1962.	0
There are over 100,000 earthquakes in California every year, however the overwhelming majority of them are very minor leaving no damage behind.	1
Cat News (Special Issue 1): 4–8.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)	0
United Sikkim Football Club is an Indian I-League football club based in Gangtok, Sikkim.	0
The collective name for a group of unicorns is called a blessing.	1
Your tongue is the fastest healing part of your body	1
The results of this study imply that instead of being secondary to changes in plasticity, antidepressant therapy could promote it.	0
Such euphemisms include terms such as “collateral damage”, “clean bomb”, and “limited nuclear war”.	0
The piano is only a few decades older than the U.S.A.	1
Authorities say the two regularly attended the Masjid Ar-Ribat al-Islami mosque Awlaki led in San Diego, and Awlaki had many closed-door meetings with them, which led investigators to believe Awlaki knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance.	0
A collection of woodcuts images can be found at the	0
When he was a teenager, Harrell and Quadie Campbell, his high school friend, formed a rap/ hip-hop duo named Dr. Jekyll (Harrell) and Mr. Hyde (Brown).	0
She was only three years old and Maria Cristina, her mother, served as regent.	0
A green banana has very high starch content – as the fruit yellows, this starch turns into sugars.	1
Despite their oaths and the threat of excommunication, the Crusaders ruthlessly and systematically violated the city's holy sanctuaries, destroying, defiling, or stealing all they could lay hands on; nothing was spared.	0
Unfortunately, his plans are foiled by Chico who attacks both him and Tyrone.	0
James Bryce &mdash; Chief Secretary for Ireland	0
In "The Black Widow," Speedy Gonzales answers Daffy Duck's call and races to Tacapulco to convince Sheriff Slowpoke Rodriguez to let Daffy Duck and Porky Pig out of jail.	0
Originally a private company, the Gartner Group was launched publicly in the 1980s, then acquired by Saatchi &amp; Saatchi, a London-based advertising agency, and then acquired in 1990 by some of its executives, with funding from Bain Capital and Dun &amp; Bradstreet.	0
A slightly yellow liquid at room temperature, it can be prepared by converting m-toluic acid (3-methylbenzoic acid) to the corresponding acyl chloride, and allowing it to react with diethylamine:	0
In Delaware, it is illegal to sell dead people for money without a license.	1
In 1611 he collaborated with Tassi again, on works including the decorations of the Casino delle Muse.	0
The book "75 years old – looking back"	0
If you die in Amsterdam with no next of kin, and no friends or family to prepare funeral or mourn over the body, a poet will write a poem for you and recite it at your funeral.	1
Frost was one of the first to interview the man who authored the Fatwa on Terrorism, Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri.	0
File:HAT YAI TRAIN.jpg|Hat Yai Railway Station.	0
If you feel behind the ears of a horse and they appear to be cold, this means that the horse itself is feeling cold.	1
In 1987, a new television series called New Monkees appeared.	0
The most Instagrammed location in 2013 was the Siam Paragon shopping mall in Bangkok, Thailand.	1
The first season of Game of Thrones premiered on April the 17th, Sean Bean’s birthday!	1
Luckily, the renowned Valten, rumored to be the reincarnation of the imperial god Sigmar, was present to do battle alongside the defenders and hopefully defeat Archaon.	0
Tamada, stating that it took him more time to get used to a 600cc machine at the beginning of the season, actually made it fast.	0
There are over 500 different cattle breeds in the world.	1
U.S. television networks allow alcohol to be advertised as long as no one in the commercial is actually drinking it.	1
A Slowbro can Mega Evolve into Mega Slowbro with Slowbronite, a mega stone used to evolve the Slowbro when the item is held during battle.	1
Barack Obama has a half-sister from Indonesia, which is from his mother’s latter marriage and he has several half-siblings from his father’s later marriages in Kenya.	1
Both tracks featured lead vocals by Latanza Waters.	0
Yoda was trained by Jedi Master N’Kata Del Gormo.	1
After a waitress at a pizzeria helped a customer choose the numbers for a winning lottery ticket in 1984, he 'tipped' her $3,000,000, half of his prize money.	1
Saint Aloysius College, Catholic Private School in Adelaide, South Australia	0
Planets like the Earth that have strong magnetic fields tend to deflect most of the charged particles that make up solar winds as they approach the planet.	1
1999 - "Thankful for Your Love" (8th place out of 16 contestants)	0
When Tristan was younger, he used to ride horses.	1
If you were to weigh 100 kg on Earth, you would only weigh 38 kg on Mercury.	1
George taught himself to play the guitar at the age of 13, with the help from his granddad.	1
Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane also voices the main male characters Peter Griffin, Stewie, Brian and Glenn Quagmire.	1
The follow-up "Rumors" also hit the Hot 100 and peaked at No.	0
The beaches are pristine – a pretty light blue, warm, very gentle, and as clear as a glass of water.	0
When filming for one scene, a fruit bat flew into Hagrid’s beard, and became stuck!	1
2nd Madison, European Track Championships, Elite	0
Santa Gertrudis cattle are known the world over for their ability to adapt to harsh climates.	1
5 Vidhan Sabha constituencies are located within this district.	0
Riders were allowed to ride on their own or as a member of a team.	0
It costs the US $100 billion per year just to support the use of cash (as opposed to cards or digital transactions).	1
The British government coined the slogan, “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.	1
1872 The population was counted as 437	0
There is a difference in the structure of the voice box or the larynx, because of which the cougars can't roar.	1
The award was presented to him by friend and The Sound of Music star Julie Andrews.	0
Holiday (Alaska in Winter album), 2008	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.	0
On the 24 April 2013, Lutui signed a two year deal which will bring him to Edinburgh Rugby in the Rabo Pro Direct 12.	0
He was born in New Delhi, India, where his parents were civil servants.	0
In recent years the rivalry has waned, while the two teams have not played each other since 1999.	0
The planet was discovered orbiting a K-type dwarf star (Gliese 86) by French scientists in November 1998.	0
Another such attempt was prevented in Autumn 1940.	0
Phoenicopteriformes is a group of water bird including the flamingos and their extinct relatives.	0
Photography, writing with light is certainly still magic, one click leads through mysterious chemistry to develop and realize an image.	0
1984 Mendel Pundik Prize for Israeli Art, Tel Aviv Museum	0
: The Real Story of Guatemala's Controversial Born-again President (Vision House, Ventura, CA, 1984) ISBN 0-88449-110-2	0
Net metering credits electricity generated during the summer for use during the winter.	0
The record for the world’s longest cat was 48.5 inches.	1
The primary source of documentation that allows us to appreciate both the configuration and position of this village is: "Bref Récit et succincte narration de la navigation faite en 1535 et 1536" (Brief account and succinct narration of the navigation done in 1535 and 1536) that Jacques Cartier handed to François I er in 1545.	0
Rokkotsu Pass is a sparsely populated village, whose main attractions include a railway crossing, a small restaurant, and an iron foundry.	0
During chase, the cheetah can take up to 150 breaths per minute.	1
Bach: Das Kantatenwerk - Sacred Cantatas Vol.	0
The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.37.	0
In a survey done by the ADCA Science Committee, some	0
29.27 March 2005Estadio Azteca, Mexico City, Mexico 1–02–12006 FIFA World Cup qualifier	0
In Historic Doubts on the Life and Reign of King Richard III (1768), Walpole defended Richard III against the common belief that he murdered the Princes in the Tower.	0
His last game for Benfica was in a 1–0 victory at Louletano D.C. on 29 November 1992, and he went on to represent Boavista FC – he returned one season to Benfica, but was released at its closure – Vitória de Guimarães, F.C.	0
When startled, the common basilisk escapes by speeding to the nearest edge of water—and continues sprinting.	0
She was born to Penny Adkins and Marks Evans, although she was raised solely by her mother from the age of two.	1
Since the inception of the club from its merger under Rob Moore, Ajax Cape Town have imported the AFC Ajax philosophy and effective youth development schemes in the Western Cape.	0
Rainbows can only be seen in the morning or late afternoon (the sun needs to be less than 40 above the horizon)	1
These include , which depict Amida Buddha along with attendant bodhisattvas Kannon and Seishi arriving to welcome the souls of the faithful departed to Amida's Western Paradise.	0
Bianca fell in love with Tom De Decker but the relationship ended when she moved to Groningen for some months.	0
The university of Swaziland is mainly an undergraduate	0
Although he is pursuing a career in the industry, if he had to choose a different career path, he would be an MMA fighter.	1
Often, however, the Ministry of Finance alleviates a defaulter by granting an abatement of his arrears as the full amount is likely too much to ever pay out of pocket.	0
The song concludes with Fergie repeating her initial verse, forming an outro of sorts and taking the listener more or less full-circle.	0
The average American child eats 46 slices of pizza every year.	1
The tower contains 83,000m² of rentable space which are rented by large companies.	0
Z. Smith) is a historian of religions.	0
The author makes several claims regarding the security of the control and its resistance to password revealing utilities; however, the author does not cite or make any references to any third-party testing of the control to corroborate the claims of its security.	0
The bailiwicks of Jersey and Guernsey are two Crown Dependencies.	0
The dyes that were used to prepare this color were known as Madder roots.	1
Their tails are longer than they are (the tail being 22 inches in length) and is used for balance and communication within the species.	1
Being overweight does not increase mortality in older people.	0
File:One Island East 38F Sky Lobby.jpg|38F Sky Lobby	0
As the eighth Article of Faith says, “We believe the Bible to be the word of God as far as it is translated correctly; we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of God.”1	1
The little piece of paper sticking out of a Hershey’s Kiss is called a niggly wiggly.	1
A Prompter&apos;s box may be found backstage.	0
At the end of 2011 she began to lead a campaign against infiltrators from Africa to Israel, with the statement that they pose a threat to the Jewish Democratic personality of the State, as well as damaging economic difficulties.	0
NASA launched the Landsat satellites in 1972; they were designed to photograph the entire of the Earth‘s surface from space.	1
Mohamed Ashour Khouaja (born 1 November 1987) is a Libyan sprinter, specialising in the 400 metres.	0
He added that "If it can happen in the holiday destination Tunisia, it can happen anywhere, can't it?"	0
King Kai, gods in the manga and anime Dragon Ball Z	0
Women are more attracted to men who pay attention, someone who remembers details about them without having to be reminded.	1
The mouth of a jellyfish is also its anus!	1
HMS Avon, name given to a number British Royal Navy ships	0
The soldiers also discover through the damage on the tail that while robot armor is impervious to bullets, it can easily be weakened by anti-tank sabot rounds.	0
Blessed José Sánchez del Río was nicknamed "Tarcisius".	0
The non-Muslim population, particularly Russians and Jews, fled the country during this time because of persecution, increased poverty and better economic opportunities in the West or in other former Soviet republics.	0
Cinecittà, Berengo Fine Arts, Filmfestival, Venice (IT)	0
Participation in these courts required the classical semicha, the transmission of judicial authority in an unbroken line down from Moses.	0
Leaving the skin on potatoes while cooking is healthier as all the vitamins are in the skin!	1
The ground record attendance of 62,543 people was recorded for the 1965 SANFL Grand Final between Port Adelaide and Sturt.	0
This manuscript shows that Bulwer was the first person in England to acquire and translate Juan Pablo Bonet's Reducción de las letras y arte para enseñar a hablar a los mudos ("Summary of the letters and the art of teaching speech to the mute") because it contains images cut and pasted directly from Bonet's book as well as commentary on the methods described therein.	0
The majority of officers were Khalqists, but after the Parchamites' ascension to power, Khalqists held no position of significance.	0
Gilbert set up the Society of the New Art with Lord Burghley and the Earl of Leicester who had their alchemical laboratory in Limehouse.	0
The Finno-Ugric peoples is a presumed historic group of those peoples who currently speak Finno-Ugric languages.	0
Although dynastic pretenses crept in from the start, formalizing this in a monarchic style remained politically unthinkable.	0
This includes development, procurement, facilities, construction, and spare parts.	0
The franchise has been on at least nine consoles to date!	1
He originally wanted a degree in industrial economics and technology management at Chalmers University, but in 2010 he dropped out to pursue his new YouTube career which he started that year.	1
Vietnam has the highest proportion of land use for permanent crops – 6.93% – of any nation in the Greater Mekong Subregion.	0
Its administrative center is the village Kerasochori.	0
The Krumbach forms the boundary of the range in the north up to the Hochtannberg Pass.	0
Al orders the tape and is disappointed when it arrives because it features Tara King and not Emma Peel.	0
His father pushes him out of the way and saves Caesar from the wall's trap.	0
Alone in the Arab Middle East, it is now a fully functioning democracy with a free press, properly contested elections and an independent judiciary ... Sunni and Shia contend for power in parliament, not in street battles.	0
Moldova played twice in 1997, defeating Norway and losing to Croatia.	0
Each digit is equipped with a claw, which the cougar sheathes while walking, but which it uses with deadly effectiveness when grasping its prey.	1
Rescue and relief work for the victims of earthquakes in Killari (Dist.	0
Babies blink once or twice per minute, compared to adults who blink around 10-12 times per minute.	1
On 20 July 2009 Maniche moved to the Bundesliga with 1.	0
As security in Rwanda improves, the country's nascent tourism sector shows great potential to expand as a source of foreign exchange.	0
Following a lengthy design contest that pitted the design against the similar but smaller French , the Prime Minister of Australia announced on 20 June 2007, that Australia would purchase and build two ships of the same design to become the s. Navantia will be responsible for construction of the ships from the keel to the flight deck in Spain, after which the hulls will be transported to Australia for completion by BAE Systems Australia.	0
May 26The Immigration Act Basic Law was signed into law.	0
Song 7 was written and composed by Erez Al'Grebli, and adapted by him and Tomer Mazmer.	0
From all these indications we may place the productive period of both poets in the end of the 6th century.	0
They are all chosen biennially except for Puerto Rico's delegate, who is elected every four years, and will face re-election in 2012.	0
Two years later he earned his doctorate, also magna cum laude, after completing his thesis entitled "On certain derivatives of dihydroanthracene.".	0
Frogs find their way back to their breeding grounds by following the smell of the pond's algae.	1
It likely traces its roots to the British Isles of late 19th century, though possibly much earlier.	0
It opens in the year 2618.	0
The Turkburo gained prominence because it absorbed the Turkestan Commission shortly after its creation in October 1919.	0
David Slater, a wildlife photographer, was at the center of a court case with PETA over the copyright of an image of a smiling crested black macaque named Naturo, after the cheeky little monkey decided to take a selfie with his equipment.	1
He says Owl City is one of his musical influences.	1
Polar bears are the only bear species to be considered marine mammals, as they spend most their time on the sea ice.	1
2), the four other aggregates are material "form" (rupa), "feeling" or "sensation" (vedana), "perception" (sanna), and "volitional formations" or "fabrications" (sankhara).	0
The cow’s milk is stored in the bulk tank where it is kept cool and fresh.	0
The Great Lakes are a collection of large lakes in eastern North America.	0
The modern salute is believed to be derived from the way in which French Knights would greet each other by lifting the visors of their helmets.	1
In addition, there is also traditional Korean pop music, or trot.	0
Raytheon employees actively support MathMovesU events across the country and they embrace Raytheon’s promise to honor veterans.	0
He likes to sing in the shower.	1
This was followed by successful features including Beauty and the Beast (1991) Aladdin (1992), and The Lion King (1994), the last of which had music by Elton John and Tim Rice, and Pocahontas (1995), all of which were awarded best song Oscars.	0
Data integration might be viewed as set combination wherein the larger set is retained, whereas fusion is a set reduction technique with improved confidence.	0
Turkmenistan declared independence from the Soviet Union on 27th of October, 1991,	1
Allyl iodide, a chemical building block for polymers, preservatives, organometallic catalysts, and pharmaceuticals, can be synthesized by using elemental phosphorus and iodine on glycerol.	0
She shows a dull white upper belly, and a small white vertical stripe behind the eye.	0
This section is about the method of adding a thin layer of silver to an object.	0
Even after he gained notoriety, Beethoven always had to keep up his work to maintain a comfortable living situation.	1
The sixth president of the United States, John Quincy Adams, observed the Battle of Bunker Hill on top of one of the nearby Hills.	1
^ "The Early Discoveries of Gold in Victoria".	0
James Arthur was in the bottom two in week 7, and is the first contestant that has ever managed to win the show after being in this position.	1
In 2013 she starred in horror hit The Conjuring, as well as its sequel The Conjuring 2 in 2016.	1
His intelligence is so low, he is classed as mentally retarded.	1
Upon returning to a physical form, Be'lakor was forced to crown Archaon the Lord of the End Times.	0
Her mother is Elena Bonham-Carter, a psychotherapist.	1
Towards his later years, he became a vegetarian and only lived off of milk, bread, honey, and vegetable juice.	1
Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was also the voice of Shredder from the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon.	1
In Generation I, Zapdos was the only dual-type Electric Pokémon, as Magnemite and Magneton did not gain a secondary type until Steel was introduced in Generation II.	1
The word 'Strengths' is the longest word in the English language with just one vowel	1
Home is the eighth Simply Red studio album, released in 2003.	0
This was part of the First Canadian Army.	0
His official Twitter profile is @TheVampsBrad.	1
When Pope Francis released "peace doves" at the Apostolic Palace in 2014, the doves were immediately attacked by other birds, losing feathers and being driven away as a huge crowd watched.	1
Christian allegories have been found in both books and film.	1
Similarly to this, in Estonian, Lithuanian, Latvian, and Mandarin Chinese, the name for Wednesday translates to “third day.”	1
Not Tier I or Was Not Held	0
Displayed at right is the color candy pink.	0
For example: "You left the door open so any Joe Blow could have walked in."	0
The current arms were approved by the now abolished Regierungsbezirk authorities in Neustadt an der Weinstraße and have been borne since 18 July 1975.	0
Sir Andrew Morritt, Chancellor of the High Court of Justice	0
It was originally written by Steve Colley (later founder of nCUBE) in 1972-1973 on the Imlac PDS-1's at the NASA Ames Research Center in California.	0
It is thanks to the Sun and our own moons gravity that we have high and low tides.	1
A playoff match for fourth place was held after the main event.	0
Dawkins considers the labels "Muslim child" or a "Catholic child" equally misapplied as the descriptions "Marxist child" or a "Tory child", as he wonders how a young child can be considered developed enough to have such independent views on the cosmos and humanity's place within it.	0
Stewie is one year old and doesn’t have an official birthday.	1
He was the director of the Copenhagen Musical Society briefly in 1890 following the death of Gade.	0
When he was just 10 years old, he played the young David Copperfield in the BBC’s adaptation of David Copperfield.	1
She is killed along with Thomas when Martinez fires a missile on the bus she and Thomas were on.	0
2005 - Steven Vincent, American journalist and author (b.	0
PEGI ratings are not yet enforced in Poland but has intentions to support PEGI as a self-regulatory system.	0
For the 2009 holiday season, Kevin Butler teamed up with Best Buy employee Nick DeVita from New York to promote a PS3 Best Buy bundle.	0
Blair passed the exam, coming seventh out of the 26 candidates who exceeded the pass mark.	0
The American Scotch Highland Breeder's Association was founded in South Dakota in 1948.What are they used for?Highland cattle are recognized today as a beef producing breed.	0
Drake and Rihanna have recorded music together, namely “What’s My Name” and “Take Care.”	1
His daughter is the actress Zoe Kazan.	0
The case went to the North Dakota Supreme Court, which ruled the law unconstitutional on May 18, 1899.	0
US gymnast Karen Le Mond stated that Davydova's FX had "harder tumbling passes than the best 10 has ever had".	0
The primary elements are 'unaccountable and unknowable, but perceivable' while the complexes are 'knowable and expressible' and so can be objects of 'true judgement' (202b).	0
She signed with Universal, where she released her first single, ‘Do It Like A Dude’.	1
By 1999, the relocation was complete, the Asian economic crisis ended, and so began a period of consolidation for APNIC - a period of sustained growth, policy development, and the creation of documentation and internal systems.	0
However, not everyone knows that the symbol originates from the Latin word, ‘aurum’, which stands for ‘shining dawn’ in the ancient language.	0
Meyer has a BA in English.	1
When the chick hatches, it immediately starts calling so that its parents will learn to recognize its voice.	1
Columba of Cornwall (not Breton, but patroness of a Breton village)	0
Wigelsworth, Jeffrey R., Science and technology in medieval European life, Greenwood Publishing Group, 2006	0
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), is a fatal, neurological disease of cattle.	1
He was seen warning the unscrupulous businessman Bonaventure to turn back, but relented when the human talked of an alliance, and took him to see Starscream.	0
Billboard ranked him 3rd on the list of producers from the decade in 2010.	1
It is separated from Camuns (a village in Suraua) and Pitasch by deep canyons.	0
People gasped in shock, others started crying.	0
The game was first announced in Cologne, by publisher Ubisoft at Gamescom 2011, with its first hands-on showcase at Tokyo Game Show 2011.	0
A private memorial service for Apple employees was held on October 19, 2011, on the Apple Campus in Cupertino.	0
The concept of thermal comfort is closely related to thermal stress.	0
Oscar Peterson, Canadian jazz pianist and composer	0
Early in their conversation, they broach the subject of why they did not meet as promised six months after their first encounter.	0
Kellogg’s Corn Flakes were originally developed to stop boys masturbating.	1
Keep reading for more facts and information on the leopardÂ or alternatively download ourÂ comprehensive worksheet packÂ to utilise within the classroom or home environment.	0
In 1986 the "hogescholen" (comparable to scientific institute of technology) were renamed to University in a modification of the Academic Education Act.	0
Good liars are good at detecting other people’s lies!	1
Jeff Hill – electric bass (5–8), bass (1,3,10), upright bass (2,6), backing vocals (5)	0
Some people including King’s family believe that there was a wider conspiracy regarding his murder, with Ray just being a scapegoat.	1
Born at La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, he was elected president of the students' union of the University of La Plata in 1958.	0
Mars is commonly referred to as the ‘Red Planet’ because the surface of Mars is red.	1
Seasonal rankings (based on average total viewers per episode) of Alias on ABC.	0
Loa (Alani Ryan) is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.	0
Mechanical Components For Thermal Weapon Sight	0
Pierre Laporte (1921–1970), Vice-Premier of Quebec.	0
Aviation insurance protects aircraft hulls and spares, and associated liability risks, such as passenger and third-party liability.	0
The space between adjacent podocyte foot processes is spanned by a slit diaphragm formed by several proteins including podocin and nephrin.	0
In 180 million years, due to the gradual slowing down of Earth's rotation, a day on Earth will be 1 hour longer than it is today.	1
Japanese film historian Donald Richie thus encapsulated the film, "An inventive and ultimately anarchic take on gangster thrillers.	0
Macedonia (Greece), a region of Greece	0
In 2015, Android’s OS was on 81.61% of all Smartphones sold.	1
The unit sphere was considered in 1910 by Hans Beck (Beck 1910: e.g., the dihedral group appears on page 419).	0
Torrey DeVitto as Melissa Hastings (11 episodes)	0
Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.	1
Disc 1 consists of material from four different 1969 BBC sessions.	0
1956: Harnischfeger Corp. stock is listed on the American Exchange.	0
In California, cars may use any lane on multi-lane roadways.	0
1992: Spanish Nights (Enja Records), with The Royal Copenhagen Chamber Orchestra	0
The wings of butterflies move in a figure 8 motion.	1
They were assisted by forces from the United States Navy, starting in 1820.	0
: 1848 – 1957), 29 March 1856, p.7	0
2013 was the first year since 1987 to feature four different numbers.	1
Russia Grand Prix – Russia – 2nd place (5/17/2006)	0
The text in its current form has a simple history: it was first published in the First Folio in December 1623.	0
Although 1,000kg is known as a ton, technically, the correct metric term is a megagram (Mg).	1
John Turner was of Dutch ancestry, and Mildred Turner was of Scottish, English and Irish descent.	0
The reason the taste of artificial banana flavouring and artificial banana flavoured products doesn’t taste like bananas is because it is based on a type of banana that was wiped out by a plague in the 1950’s.	1
Many volunteers were sent to aid the Irian combatants.	0
Harold Stassen, a former governor of Minnesota, sought the U.S. Republican Party's Presidential Nomination 9 times.	1
Seel is the only non-Ice-type Pokémon to have the Ice Body Ability.	1
Jacob can wiggle his ears – only 10-20% of the population can actually do this!	1
The Queen might like her Corgis, but Prince William and Catherine Middleton chose to adopt a Cocker Spaniel instead in 2012.	1
Lamenting the negative reaction to his deed, Booth wrote in his journal on April 21, 1865, while on the run, " ith every man's hand against me, I am here in despair.	0
By the mid-1980s, competition in the charter airline market in Europe was intense, and in conjunction with spiralling fuel prices, the fortunes of the airline took a turn.	0
"Reproductive biology of the leopard".	0
It is estimated that the proportion of ethnicities in this group is the same as that of the declared group.	0
Wellington Brito da Silva (born 23 July 1985), commonly known as Tom, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Istanbul BB.	0
Both algorithms compute a sequence of functions Q_k (k=0,1,2,\ldots,) which converge to Q^*.	0
The origins of the municipality of Salò are barely known: its autonomy from Brescia can be dated towards the end of the 13th century or the beginning of the next one, and the most ancient statues conserved by the city authorities are dated 1397.	0
The Flat Daddy concept dates back to at least 2003, when Cindy Sorenson of Bismarck, North Dakota created a cutout of her husband who was deployed in Iraq with the North Dakota National Guard.	0
Landes, David S. "French Entrepreneurship and Industrial Growth in the Nineteenth Century,"Journal of Economic History (1949) 9#1 pp.	0
Energies and essence are both inseparably God.	0
The BMT sandwich, the ham pepperoni and salami combo, is named after the Brooklyn-Manhattan Transit system.	1
Hide glue joints do not creep under loads.	0
Production of La Compagnie Artistique Soleil (38 000, Grenoble)	0
Sonatorrek ("the irreparable loss of sons") is a skaldic poem in 25 stanzas by Egill Skallagrímsson (ca.	0
The massive ranch house, which he built in 1900 housed his own family and served as a gathering place for the community.	0
However, when pike exceed 700 mm long, they feed on larger fish.	0
It is roughly spherical in shape and has a circumference of five feet.	0
Hugo Reyes appears in 118 out of 121 episodes of LOST, making him the character who appears in the most episodes.	1
The London games in 1908 saw the first opening ceremony.	1
The term geek originally referred to circus performers that would bite off the heads of live chickens!	1
Godman established himself as first choice fly-half at Edinburgh Rugby and remained so until tearing his anterior cruciate ligament in training with Edinburgh in September 2010.	0
As they are speeding away, he accuses her of having just tried to kill him.	0
One hour spent sitting in front of the TV burns around 65 Calories.	1
Almogía's history stretches back to the remote past.	0
Charles de Bourbon, Duke of Vendôme, 1489–1537	0
In Fables by Bill Willingham, Prospero is a recurring character, one of the "Thirteenth Floor Fables" (i.e.	0
Ashton is the least likely to join in a group cuddle with the band!	1
Prior to 2008 season, the Rays had never had a winning season in franchise history, much less a post-season appearance.	0
The primary exception is the story of Abraham binding Isaac for sacrifice in Genesis 22 (from E), where the JE redactor is believed to have added an angel stopping Abraham from sacrificing Isaac and replacing the boy with a ram.	0
The most important of Goethe's works produced before he went to Weimar were Götz von Berlichingen (1773), a tragedy that was the first work to bring him recognition, and the novel The Sorrows of Young Werther (called Die Leiden des jungen Werthers in German) (1774), which gained him enormous fame as a writer in the Sturm und Drang period which marked the early phase of Romanticism – indeed the book is often considered to be the "spark" which ignited the movement, and can arguably be called the world's first "best-seller".	0
"And if this man doesn't get man-of-the-match today then I've misjudged my judgement of Rugby League"	0
Moscheles's good relations with Beethoven were to prove important to both at the end of Beethoven's life.	0
Władysław also retained control of the most important cities i.e.	0
During the 1990s and the 2000s, many inhabitants left Suhl to search a better life in west Germany or other major east German cities like Erfurt, Jena or Leipzig.	0
Daniel Yergin is best known for , a number-one bestseller that won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1992 and the Eccles Prize for the best book on economics for a general audience.	0
She was contracted to Golden Harvest, and spent her time making films in Hong Kong and in Taiwan, where she starred in several romance movies.	0
She has composed music for theater and performed in soundtracks for two movies.	0
It housed a concrete cycling track.	0
During three years with the program she logged over 200 interviews with stars from Will Smith to Tom Cruise to Sharon Stone, becoming the nation’s first high-profile black female entertainment reporter.	0
L'esclavage aux Antilles et la traite pendant la Révolution française.	0
Google headquarters is called "The Googleplex", which comes from the word "googolplex", meaning a 1 followed by one hundred 0s.	1
Studies showed that horses have excellent memories – possibly even better than that of an elephant!	1
, French newsreels archives (Les Actualités Françaises), 15 July 1945	0
From 1940 to 1944 the fort was occupied by German troops.	0
^ "Gold", Geelong Advertiser (Vic.	0
April 4, 2013053Remordimiento de conciencia1,167,00044 minutes	0
The ICE 1 trains were equipped with single-cast wheelsets, known as Monobloc wheels.	0
Runner-up of the Algerian League once with ASM Oran in 1991	0
Cup was reached in December 1959 when the club was defeated 5–1 by Watford at Vicarage Road.	0
Therefore, from 5 June 1945, Germany did not possess a native government.	0
This was followed by the Willard Gibbs Award in 1942.	0
"Upon questioning, the freelance writer indicated the column was based on an amalgam of three restaurants and could not verify the prices," the paper noted.	0
Sandshrew is based on an animal called the pangolin, it’s a mammal that curls up into a ball, has sharp claws, and lives in desert regions.	1
Waters of the New World: Houston to Nantucket (with illustrations by Jo Spier)	0
He does not have any cousins.	1
All leopards could be simply named Panthera pardus, the third word indicates the subspecies.	0
Damaturu is a Local Government Area in Yobe State, Nigeria.	0
Whilst filming for the video of ‘What Makes You Beautiful’, Louis sent a message in a bottle.	1
Their musical sound is a combination of R&amp;B and Pop.	1
On October 3, 2007, one home on Soledad Mountain Road and one of the main roads up the mountain was destroyed by a major landslide.	0
11 had a population of 6,096 living in 2,206 of its 2,718 total dwellings, a 4.3% change from its 2006 population of 5,845.	0
The aircraft flies on its intended flight path throughout the entire mission with no reliance on ground-based navigation devices.	0
When hydrogen burns in the air water is formed	1
About 17.40% of families and 21.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.60% of those under age 18 and 15.00% of those age 65 or over.	0
He has been called 'the German Hume', on the basis of a comparison of his major work Philosophische Versuche über die menschliche Natur und ihre Entwickelung (1777) with David Hume's A Treatise of Human Nature.	0
In his spare time, Freddie is also an accomplished musician, enjoying spending time playing the clarinet.	1
List of European ultra prominent peaks	0
The national sport of Iceland is Glíma, which is a Scandinavian martial art used by Vikings.	1
These horses reach physical maturity at an earlier date than most horses.	0
In the second season of the show, SIG-Sauer pistols (particularly two-tone SIG-Sauer .357s) would be in highly visible use by the team, and also verbally mentioned on many occasions.	0
The myriad of possible inputs are usually grouped into five categories.	0
M. M. Rückert: Von der frommen Adelsstiftung zur reichsunmittelbaren Abtei: Kloster Schöntal in den ersten 250 Jahren seines Bestehens, in: D. R. Bauer (ed.	0
1992: Order of the Republic of Moldova	0
Under this definition, Artiodactyla remains a valid clade since artiodactyls evolved from a common ancestor separate from whales.	0
It joined the Liaison Committee for the Presidential Majority, a short-lived structuring committee composed of the UMP and its close allies.	0
Philippe Tourtelier (born July 29, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France.	0
There are over 6,000 known species of grass.	1
In 2005 and 2006, as a junior and senior, he was named a finalist for the Bob Cousy Award, given to the nation's best point guard.	0
Women, slaves and minors must not be included when counting for the requirement of three mentioned in the previous mishnah.	0
In his early days as an actor, he was dubbing voices and doing several commercials, including one where he wore a skunk costume and took a shower… strange, but true!	1
In India, blue is thought to bring bad luck and is associated with mourning.	1
Gandalf stayed in Middle Earth for four years after the ring was destroyed, spending most of his time with Tom Bombadil.	1
but he eventually went on loan to the Latvian Higher League club FK Liepājas Metalurgs on 27 July for six months.	0
There is a 67% chance of conception per mating.	0
Troy is located at (40.041621, -84.208627).	0
The bananas we eat today are due to extensive cultivation, the Cavendish is the common yellow banana we all love and unlike most species has no seeds in it to make it viable for consumption compared to its wild counterparts which are often full of seeds.	1
In January 2011, a doctoral program was introduced for those pursuing a Doctor of Education in Educational Leadership and Professional Studies.	0
When Niall hugs, he buries his face in the person’s neck.	1
The Japanese passenger who survived the titanic crash was marked as a coward by his country for not dying with the other passengers.	1
Tessitura considerations include these factors: proportion of sudden or gradual rises and falls in pitch—speed of pitch changes; the relative number of very high or low notes; whether lines and phrases of music in the piece tend to rise or fall—the muscular abilities of a singer may be more suited to one or the other direction.	0
When the Vikings 1 and 2 launched nobody knew what the Martian surface looked like.	1
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the 192 Airport Rocket bus route, which links the airport to Kipling Station on the Bloor-Danforth line subway line.	0
While most fans of the movies would think the other actors would be his closest friends, he actually found a best friend in one of the costume department staff who was 41 years old with two children.	1
This still is the case of most Brazilian dialects, where the word elogio may be variously pronounced as , , , etc.	0
An egg contains every vitamin except vitamin C	1
It is supported by eight pillars with maximum height of .	0
Everyone you know has more friends than you on average, because you're more likely to be friends with friendly people.	1
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922!	1
2004 OFC Nations Cup 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification	0
On Sunday July 31, 2011, Eduardo Barreto became the Phantom Sunday page artist.	0
On Venus, it snows metal and rains sulphuric acid.	1
Jews refer to this person as Moshiach or "anointed one", translated as messiah in English.	0
The coloured part of your eye is called the iris	1
Tundra Nenets has, to a lesser degree, been influenced by Komi, and Northern Khanty.	0
In the end, Perun managed to kill Veles, or to chase him back down into his watery underworld.	0
1968: Kristnihald undir Jökli (Under the Glacier / Christianity at the Glacier)	0
According to Ashton, Luke gives the best hugs in the band.	1
We learn, and retain new information better after zoning out, daydreaming and letting our minds wander briefly.	1
Stealing someone else's idea without realizing you've done so is called "kleptomnesia."	1
The Belait River (Sungai Belait) flows through Belait and it is the longest river in Brunei.	0
Rosemeyer would later drive one around the Nürburgring in a single gear, to prove the engine was flexible enough to do it.	0
Theophilus Evans – Drych y Prif Oesoedd	0
He treated all people as equal without considering their castes.	0
The plan section 3, under (b) Consolidation of Defense Systems and Fortifications calls for the occupation of police stations, the control of government installations, and the protection of secondary transportation arteries.	0
He thought he failed in getting everyone back to the island, so he intended to commit suicide, and wrote a note to Jack saying “I wish you had believed me”.	1
In 2010 he won the ‘Young Drummer of the Year’ award.	1
29th October is National Cat Day.	1
In April, before the draft, he was invited to a private workout with the New York Giants.	0
Their first single called “Out of My Limit” was released on 19th November 2012.	1
A big-screen adaptation of the 1965-1969 TV series The Wild Wild West, it stars Will Smith, Kevin Kline (who appears in dual roles as the protagonist Artemus Gordon and as President Ulysses S. Grant), Kenneth Branagh and Salma Hayek.	0
Irradiation of beef is now highly promoted by the industry to increase shelf life, but meat processors have been reluctant to introduce this procedure because of consumer concerns related to its impact on beef quality and safety.	0
They came 6th place on UK’s 2009 X Factor.	1
Around 600,000 hacking attempts are made to Facebook accounts every day!	1
Entry by land is forbidding to those who carelessly walk but entrance is nevertheless encouraged at many different levels.	0
This is different from raising animals to produce meat.	0
When it was brought center stage to the conservatory on July 11, it was four feet high.	0
Dunn began the 2002–03 season in dazzling form but a loss of form and being made to play on the right wing did not help his cause and he fell out with then Blackburn manager Graeme Souness.	0
Gladyr played for the Hawks in the NBA Summer League in 2010 and 2013.	0
Every cow must have a Photo ID in West Bengal due to issues with smuggling the species.	1
It is located at 6 Charlotte Square, in Edinburgh's New Town, and is the central house on the north side of the square, designed by Robert Adam.	0
The main actor of “The Gods Must Be Crazy” was only paid $300, even though the film made over $60 million.	1
This caused Ruby to nearly reveal her feelings to Skull Boy.	0
Due to the 1973 oil crisis, a temporary maximum national speed limit of for all roads, including motorways, was introduced on 8 December 1973.	0
In 1951 a different publisher, C.A.	0
The country would reach 200,000 km paved in 2000.	0
The film begins with a pre-credits sequence of Secret Agent OSS 117, Colonel Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath (Frederick Stafford) chased by two cars containing enemy agents.	0
King enrolled in Morehouse College in 1944 at the age of 15, after skipping 9th and 12th grades in high school.	1
3.6 July 1851: Bungonia and other finds, New South Wales	0
Australia: / / (in NSW only)	0
Pneumatic actuation is preferred for these dampers.	0
If Austin could have any super power, he would choose to be a shape shifter.	1
March 2: Bill Woggon, creator of Katy Keene, dies at age 92.	0
The man who found the 5,000 year old corpse Ötzi the Iceman in 1991 (Oldest natural European mummy) was also found dead frozen in ice in 2004.	1
Hita is located in the far west of Ōita Prefecture, and borders the neighbouring prefectures of Fukuoka, and Kumamoto.	0
It often is claimed that free markets and private property generate centralized monopolies and other ills; the counter is that government is the source of monopoly.	0
According to USA Today, 29% of married couples share a toothbrush.	1
An elephant's trunk can hold over 5 litres of water	1
On his 21st birthday, Radcliffe went to Moscow to visit the apartment of Mikhail Bulgakov, the author of one of his favorite books, The Master and Margarita.	1
Atychiphobia describes a person who fears that they aren't good enough to be in a relationship with a specific person.	1
A long, flowing chiton covers her shoulders and back.	0
Tenured Professor of Political and Economic Geography (1985–1986).	0
The London subway has 409 escalators… these escalators cover a distance every week which is just about equal to several trips around the entire globe.	1
Aurélio scored his first goal for Liverpool on 2 March 2008 in a league match win against Bolton Wanderers at the Reebok Stadium.	0
Ludovic Mercier (born November 1, 1976) is a French rugby union player, currently playing for the Italian top-flight team Petrarca Rugby.	0
A woman’s happiness is a key indicator of a successful relationship.	1
In October 2009, Agrium was named one of Canada&apos;s Top 100 Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc., which was announced by Maclean&apos;s.	0
The album has sold over 75,000 copies, making it a Gold Disc, and there are plans for a film adaptation with the participation of Luc Besson.	0
Whale watching is a popular tourist pastime, in which groups are taken onto the ocean in a large boat to witness the mammals behaviour and antics.	1
For many employees, Tuesday is apparently the most productive day of the working week.	1
Half of all crimes are committed by people under the age of 18	1
Cameron Dallas‘ middle name is Alexander.	1
They also hold Public Astronomy Sessions, where they set up displays in local town centres and allow the public to take part in safely observing the sun, together with the Moon and Venus when they are visible, and run Astronomy Workshops, which are open to members and to the public.	0
The first Metal 'Cuse concert in 2010 also featured 50 Syracuse area musicians known as "Lock Up the Wolves" doing a special tribute to Ronnie James Dio; they performed songs from many different parts of his career.	0
Numerous awards in Puerto Rico and Cuba (for contributions to ecology and agriculture; most recently, the 30th Anniversary Medal of the Cuban Academy of Sciences)	0
In 2006, he won the Doug Wright Award for Best Book for Paul Moves Out.	0
It often has accents on the third beats in the bar, making the gigue a lively folk dance.	0
In Columbia in 2010, the government covered jungle trees in lights so that when guerrillas got near the lights would illuminate and banners appeared asking them to drop their weapons and reveal themselves.	1
Each person has approximately 4 pounds worth of bacteria inside and outside their bodies.	1
He was also awarded the fourth annual "Big Man of the Year" award at the organization's 2012 Right to Rock Benefit Event.	0
Warner Bros. have announced plans to reboot the Green Lantern movie in 2020.	1
The next day is December 7th, 1941.	0
Quercus agrifolia - Coast live oak	0
However, she adopted the stage name "Seiko Matsuda" and rose to fame in 1980 as a teen idol, making her debut with the song "Hadashi no Kisetsu" (lit.	0
He can play the piano really well.	1
Residents had hoped to boost their housing and public facilities with buildings relocated from Nanisivik, but those hopes were dashed due to lead-zinc contamination.	0
Uncredited roles include June Foray, who did the sounds of the sheep, Lambert's sheep mother and Lambert's purrs and growls, and Stan Freberg, who voiced Lambert's only spoken line, "Mama!"	0
Ashton Irwin likes to listen to “soothing, ambient jungle music” in bed.	1
The interstellar gas cloud Sagittarius B contains a billion, billion, billion litres of alcohol!	1
Tom Holland writes "Tempers in Medina were not helped by the fact that the governor in the oasis was none other than the fabulously venal and slippery Marwan.	0
All Samsung products since 2013 receive the global standard environmental certifications.	1
The average transfer distance an older interchange stations is 128 meters	0
Daley is dating Dustin Lance Black, an American LGBT rights activist and celebrated figure in the film industry.	1
Kang Yi-suk as young Jin-guk (ep 5)	0
Naama ( ) (born February 23, 1934 in Azmour) is a distinguished Tunisian singer.	0
Haggis McLeod (contemporary), British juggler and comedian	0
The stage itself is about half the width of that in the modern theatres; while the stage opening at Kabuki-za in Tokyo is nearly ninety feet wide, the space between the supporting pillars at the Kanamaru-za is eight ken, or roughly 48 feet; Leiter calls the larger scale of the more modern theatres a loss and an artistic weakening, as theatres moved "away from the most effective means for expressing theatrical art."	0
He played a gay man in My Night With Reg.	1
In 2010, IGN ranked Darth Vader 25th in the “Top 100 Video games Villains”.	1
SynthEdit allows users to create VST Instruments and VST Effects.	0
Describing his politics during the 1980s, Elfman said, "I'm not a doomist.	0
Don’t feed chocolate to your cat – it’s poisonous.	1
The 2004 Intelligence Authorization Act saw the creation of the Pat Roberts Intelligence Scholars Program.	0
They first intended the series to be six books long.	1
He provides English lessons for his employees to help them interact with foreign tourists.	0
A previously unpublished manuscript, written in 1931.	0
It was renewed by Rochus Egedacher in 1735.	0
In 2006 Quaife-Hobbs competed in the first few T-car races and got a double win in the opening rounds and also won his last race at Rockingham before deciding to focus on a 2007 campaign in Formula BMW.	0
In 2014, German authorities found a drug haul worth around $56.28 million (€50 million) smuggled inside pickled cucumber jars amongst a shipment on its way to Iran from Germany.	1
The population density was 25 people per square mile (10/km²).	0
The laboratorial isolation of F. tularensis requires special media such as buffered charcoal and yeast extract (BCYE).	0
Works from this period, mostly written on Christian topics include: the poem Proglas as a foreword to the four Gospels, partial translations of the Bible into Old Church Slavonic, Zakon sudnyj ljudem, etc.	0
September 26 - Antonio Barluzzi, Italian Franciscan monk and architect, known as the "Architect of the Holy Land" (died 1960)	0
Its southern façade refers to the history of the Ashkenazi Jews and comprises a mix of architectural styles, with a predominance of the Moorish and Neo-Gothic styles.	0
"Exhibiting an emotional authority to match her technical prowess, Carey gives us a vision of love that's dynamic without being ostentatious," she wrote.	0
Returning to the public eye in The Comfort of Strangers (1990), several films of variable success followed.	0
Averroes' interpretation of the Poetics was accepted by the West because of its relevance to their humanistic viewpoints.	0
People mistakenly believe that the column of the waterspout is composed of water sucked up by the vortex, but this is not the case.	0
The average lifespan of a human whether male or female, is around 23,000 days, or 63 years.	1
They are usually not far from an area of cover to hide in.	0
His favourite album is Bullet in a Bible by Green Day.	1
A group of lions is known as a pride, and consists of around six related females, multiple cubs of both genders and up to two males.	1
Koalas sleep around 18 hours a day	1
Cher’s old Twitter profile was @_SKANKKK_.	1
It is also called the , as it joins with the Hida Mountains ("Northern Alps") and the Kiso Mountains ("Central Alps") to form the Japanese Alps.	0
HMS Bury, a Hunt class minesweeper of the Royal Navy from World War I	0
Before every show, John Legend eats half a rotisserie chicken.	1
Strathmore is part of the Golden Hills School Division.	0
Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.	0
The school then first paraded officially in 1954 for the Second Group, when it obtained first place.	0
Dogs have a total of 42 teeth when they are fully-grown.	1
Nichols also made a cameo appearance in the biopic The Gene Krupa Story in 1959.	0
Moon MCD 076-2 (Wardell Gray: How High The Moon)	0
Rebecca Felton was the first woman to ever serve for the United States Senate – but she only served for one day.	1
[Source: Adrian Higgins, Washington Post, July 22, 2013]	0
When making glass, Nickel is added to make the glass brown.	1
Liam used to get bullied in school by his classmates.	1
Ben Shneiderman working with graduate student Dan Ostroff designed and implemented the highlighted link in the in 1983.	0
By 1999, primary school education had become generalized in 90% of China, and mandatory nine-year compulsory education now effectively covered 85% of the population.	0
One fatality was reported in Cuba; total damage is estimated at $500 million (2007 USD).	0
Loucaidou M, Stitchbury J, Lee J, Borrows R, Marshall SE, McLean AG, Cairns T, Griffith M, Hakim NS, Palmer A, Papalois V, Welsh K Taube D. "Cytokine polymorphisms do not influence acute rejection in renal transplantation under tacrolimus based immunosuppression ".	0
Daniel Craig was the first actor to play James Bond, who was born after the series began in 1962.	1
Subsequently, the Allied Powers agreed that clauses should be inserted into the emerging peace treaty protecting labour unions and workers' rights, and that an international labour body be established to help guide international labour relations in the future.	0
crossbred Ankole-Watusi cows in their herds to boost the butter-fat	0
There are over 10 trillion living cells in the human body	1
He was engaged to Alexis Phifer, a fashion designer, from 2006 until their relationship ended in 2008.	1
60 percent of Phuket is covered with forest, rubber and palm oil plantations and the island has no major rivers.	1
Witnessing such splendor, Lisa's both surprised and touched by the fact that Akeem would have given it up just for her.	0
His brother Robert J. Kern was also a distinguished film editor.	0
The series was moved from the franchise's usual time on Friday to Tuesday, along with Caprica.	0
Those are small committees and are confirmed by the congress of Football Federation of Ukraine.	0
By the age of only 5, Skylynn had over 1 million followers on Vine.	1
Archaeodictyna minutissima (Miller, 1958) — Europe	0
Denny BloodAlicya Eyo colspan="3" style="background:#ececec; text-align:center;" |	0
He also wrote sacred choral music, including Tenebrae responsories for use during Easter and a psalm setting, all of which show a dignified and restrained approach, much in keeping with the Neapolitan style for liturgical music, and reflective of the work of the brothers Anerio and Gesualdo.	0
The Wii version has character customization as well, though features like custom tattoos, face paint, body paint, make-up, and instrument art are not included	0
The Computer Chess Association of the Netherlands (CSVN) has chosen "not to abide by their sanctions against Rybka", because the CSVN board "has the most serious doubts as to the rightfulness of ICGA's decision".	0
When asked about this oddity in an interview for Rolling Stone, Bono replied "there may have been some alcohol involved."	0
The average price for pasta in the UK is 89 pence, making it an affordable meal for all.	1
In addition to the spiritual teachings of Haji Bektash Veli, the Bektashi order was later significantly influenced during its formative period by the Hurufis (in the early 15th century), the Qalandariyya stream of Sufism, and to varying degrees the Shia beliefs circulating in Anatolia during the 14th to 16th centuries.	0
Many of these myths involve the loss of a paradise that existed at the beginning of the world.	0
1 Apr 2008 – 30 Jun 2009	0
As the years have passed and more superhero characters were created and a variety of abilities have been invented.	0
There are more storms on Mars when the planet is closer to the sun.	1
The half-life for the decay of is only 6.7(17) seconds.	0
Chelsea won 1–0, with Bonetti making a brilliant last minute save to deny George Mulhall and maintain his side's promotion chances; a 7–0 win over Portsmouth secured instant promotion back to the First Division.	0
24/10 RFC Liège 2–0 Estrela Amadora	0
Then, beginning with Priestley's church and home, the rioters attacked or burned four Dissenting chapels, twenty-seven houses, and several businesses.	0
Because there is no single definition of "WDM-PON" equipment, various vendors claim to have released the 'first' WDM-PON equipment, but there is no consensus on which product was the 'first' WDM-PON product to market.	0
Pushing a shopping trolley up the aisles for half an hour will burn over 100 Calories, this number increases with the amount you put in your trolley and the heavier it gets.	1
Edition of the Kotylio Association, Athens 2005.	0
1931 - Clifford Jordan, American saxophonist (d. 1993)	0
Marisa Smith - Concord Dental Assistant	0
60-65 million years ago dolphins and humans shared a common ancestor!	1
Zap represents Paranoia as popularly understood: troubleshooters who open fire on each other with little to no provocation.	0
Jerseys can be horned or polled, with horns often being short and curving upwards.	0
The eagle is known to be one of the strongest birds able to carry the heaviest loads, with one being recorded carrying 15 lbs (6.8 kg).	1
It has five retractable claws on its forepaws (one a dewclaw) and four on its hind paws.	0
She is part of the 2010 class of the National Track and Field Hall of Fame	0
Parasect has used Sleep Powder in the animé, however it cannot learn this in the games.	1
The largest chocolate bar ever weighed over 12,770 lbs (5,792 kg), created in the UK in celebration of Thornton’s 100th birthday.	1
Madagascar, the place in which they live is the fourth largest island in the world.	1
He holds a full UK Driving Licence.	1
Oktoberfest beer, also known as Münchner Bier ("Munich beer"), is a registered trademark of the Club of Munich Brewers; Bavarian beer (Bayrisches Bier) and Munich beer in particular (Münchner Bier) are protected by the European Union as a PGI.	0
Minus 40C is exactly the same temperature as minus 40F	1
Ivy, however, tells her that she doesn't care about the wealth and luxury of being a part of the family, and that Carol can have the trust fund, since all she really wants is a family to call her own.	0
The members of Avenue were Max George, Jamie Tinkler, Jonathan Lloyd, Ross Candy and Scott Clarke.	1
Camila released a duet song with Shawn Mendes in November 2015 entitled, ‘I Know What You Did Last Summer’.	1
2012 - Malcolm Sampson, English rugby player (b.	0
"Bingo" (folk song), an English children's folk song about a dog	0
You can only taste food if it is mixed with saliva!	1
Classic painter, Vincent Van Gogh’s paintings have brilliant yellows that, due to age, are starting to turn brown.	1
There is enough information in one human DNA molecule to fill a million pages of an encyclopedia.	1
The church of Notre-Dame de la Paix was built between 1835 and 1862.	0
Because Casey flies so much, he never pays for first class but instead upgrades by using points with American Airlines loyalty.	1
Christmas hats, or paper crowns, are only worn in Britain during Christmas.	1
In Vancouver, Marin met his future comedic partner, Tommy Chong.	0
If the human brain was spread out as a flat object, it would be roughly the size of a pillowcase.	1
Sometimes all you need is a second chance, because time wasn't ready for the first one.	1
This time, his focus was on the newly released Street Fighter IV.	0
Game Boy Color’s Kirby Tilt ‘n’ Tumble game had a built-in accelerometer in the cartridge which recognized when a player moved the hand held itself; this was then used to direct Kirby in game.	1
vaĩsius - fruit; growth skaĩčius - number; digit cùkrus - sugar	0
He passes on the warning to Herman, Christine's other lover, who ignores it, thinking that Gerard is trying to scare him off so that he can have Christine for himself.	0
Since 2004, No Fun at All has performed some reunion gigs.	0
Donna Jean (Thatcher) Godchaux-MacKay (born August 22, 1947) is an American singer, best known for having been a member of the Grateful Dead from 1972 to 1979.	0
Only 1 in 10 breast cancers are genetic.	1
A dog’s shoulder blades are unattached to the rest of the skeleton to allow greater flexibility for running.	1
There were numerous occasions to capture Osama Bin Laden from 1998, but for various reasons, such as probable civilian casualties, none of the plans were ever fully executed.	1
There are 30 tracks on the Beatles’ The White Album.	1
For every 100 females there were 125.2 males.	0
Cats can't move their jaw sideways	1
He tweeted saying he thinks the Lego Movie “was literally amazing”.	1
In April 2014, Austin recorded a track with Justin Bieber, however it has not been released.	1
They never arrived because they were stolen by pirates on the way.	0
In this research, professor Dreyfus demonstrated the rationale in treating the tricuspid annulus dilation independently from the presence of tricuspid regurgitation.	0
Sergio Arturo Vargas Chapela – Violin	0
Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks“.	1
Madonna then sang "The Power of Good-Bye" at the MTV Europe Music Awards.	0
Non-UN peacekeeping forces include the NATO mission in Kosovo (with United Nations authorization) and the Multinational Force and Observers on the Sinai Peninsula.	0
She starred as Grace in Monte Carlo which was released in October 2011.	1
Well, how was anyone to know that Carter wasn't to be the thing?	0
Louis de Funès as Norbert Charolais	0
As an example of positional effects, the Spanish letter c is pronounced before a, o, or u (e.g.	0
Alongside Philips, the production team consisted of series producer and lead director Brian Grant, executive producers Kieran Roberts and Mark Wells, and Anna Land for Globe Productions.	0
In 2013 she appeared in an episode of New Girl as Elaine.	1
She served as the leader of the torpedo boat flotillas, flying the flag of Kommodore Andreas Michelsen.	0
The boys always watch ‘Lost’ together.	1
Slavko Osterc Ensemble, a Slovenian chamber orchestra	0
Coupe du monde par équipes, Saint Petersburg	0
A couple of teaspoons of Botox would be enough to kill everyone in the UK.	1
The calls, or the burr of the flying birds' wings, are often the only indication of this grouse's presence, since its shyness and dense woodland habitat make it difficult to see.	0
In October 2008, E4 aired the horror series Dead Set which was set during a fictional series of Big Brother.	0
Its first few films gained worldwide critical acclaim, after which the movement slowly faded out.	0
Onion is Latin for ‘large pearl’.	1
Chocolate has been shown to help long-term memory.	1
JJ is the oldest member of Union J.	1
DaunoXome was sold to Diatos in 2006.	0
He used to be in a band called “Swallow the Goldfish”.	1
The cause of the accident was put down as rear wing failure as a result of the FIA rushing through new rules including one reducing the size of the rear diffuser which reduced the number of anchoring points the attached rear wing assembly could use.	0
Wheeler's paper on geons also introduced the idea that lines of electric charge trapped in a wormhole throat might be used to model the properties of a charged particle-pair.	0
List of Speakers of the Yukon Legislative Assembly	0
They started as a self-releasing band of their songs but got the attention of about a dozen top record labels during a sold out performance at the Columbus’ Newport Music Hall in November 2011.	1
It was formerly known as Camp Henderson, a temporary Civil War outpost from which Johnson County soldiers would depart for war (most of them would serve under General Cleburne).	0
The Seychelles have a president and the main political sides are the PP and SNP.	0
The fifth planet orbiting the Blue Sun.	0
Legend = columns:3 left:20 top:70 columnwidth:160	0
The 1994–1995 competition took place in December 1994 in Bordeaux for singles and pairs and in Besançon for ice dance.	0
The five women were forged into a group by Simon Cowell and Demi Lovato after the five women failed to succeed in the X Factor solo categories in July 2012.	1
It is easy to see these "joint detection" events must have resulted from the same photon pair.	0
On the island of Tonga young girls were often seen juggling limes, gourds and even nuts in the late 1700’s, with some observed juggling up to 7 items at once!	1
Make sure children are inside before dusk and not outside before dawn.	0
As a result, Queen Shen’s father, the Marquess of Shen, teamed with the Quanrong nomads and local satellite states to overthrow King You.	0
This difference extends to the colors seen at the rallies.	0
In 2013, Subway responded to challenges that their sandwiches were not 12 inches by saying the “footlong” is a descriptive name of the product and not an exact measurement.	1
Won (3–6, 7–5, 6–2, 6–4) at 2014 French Open	0
In June 2008, HRW criticized the lack of Western condemnation of Meles' counter-insurgency policy and the military activities by Ethiopian Defence forces in reaction to ONLF's attacks.	0
She toured the USSR with the Arena Stage.	0
Exhibits elaborate on the theme of Sweden in the 17th century.	0
Now that Russell is into hip-hop music, he hopes to be in more music videos for that genre.	1
Infinity, galerie Daniel Templon, Paris, France	0
Anyone over 14 can drive a VSP car in France without a licence.	1
The borders also enclose Brdowski Lake, Chodecz and Lubień Kujawski through the Skrwa Lewa, ending at the Vistula River.	0
A crime lab chemist in Massachusetts admitted to tampering with evidence and forging tests in 2017, resulting in more than 20,000 drug-related convictions dropped.	1
An average lemon holds three tablespoons of juice.	1
During the match, Hall attacked both twins, but lost the match when Nikki made a fast count, allowing her to be pinned by Gail Kim.	0
Already in 1950s the numbers of leopards were decreasing drastically in Arabia.	1
Raúl PrebischArgentinaMay 1950 – July 1963	0
The narrative is split between the midwifery and their stories, and incidents at the nunnery.	1
For every human there are 200 million insects	1
System dynamics could be used as a modelling method to describe phenomena such as word of mouth and Bass model of marketing.	0
The truck usually starts touring at the end of November, and then finishes the tour just two or three days before Christmas Day.	1
He thought that while escapism found in mysticism might be honourable, drugs were not.	0
The educators lost, though commercial broadcasters were forced to air public affairs programs.	0
Marathon is a city on Knight&apos;s Key, Boot Key, Key Vaca, Fat Deer Key, Long Point Key, Crawl Key and Grassy Key islands in the middle Florida Keys, in Monroe County, Florida, in the United States.	0
It is estimated that 94% of French children know English as their second language.	1
A female cheetah tends to roam and they form home ranges, which tend to overlap with other lands.	1
They were so revered, that one of the main Mesoamerican deities, Quetzalcoatl, was represented as a feathered serpent.	0
He faced and lost to Brian Cage in singles and tag-team action during the months of November and December.	0
As Peter Dinklage accepted his Golden Globe award on January 15th, 2012, he ended his acceptance speech saying he was thinking about Martin Henderson and told the audience to Google the name.	0
At the end of the 12th book the male Choedan Kal itself is destroyed by Rand Al'Thor turning its power against it).	0
Dylan joined the Magcon Tour in February 2016 alongside fellow internet pop icon stars like Taylor Caniff, Cameron Dallas and Aaron Carpenter.	1
Because EtherChannel takes advantage of existing wiring it makes it very scalable.	0
Esoterically, Shabd is the “Sound Current vibrating in all creation.	0
A male matures at 12 months, whilst the female matures at 24.	1
Other than being the center of agro-industrial business, Pili is also the third largest commercial center in Camarines Sur, and is the 10th largest commercial center in the Bicol Region.	0
Verdi, Falstaff (1937, Salzburg Festival with restored sound on the Andante label; 1950 NBC broadcast)	0
The last words of the Roald Dahl (author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory) were “Ow,fuck”!	1
La Jagua del Pilar became a municipality of La Guajira in 1998.	0
:Not to be confused with the UK-based Policy Studies Institute	0
Annik Honoré, 56, Belgian music journalist and promoter, portrayed in Control.	0
The Grizzlies rank among the all time playoff appearance leaders, with appearances in 1982, 1988, 1989, 1993-2009.	0
Taylor was a contestant on the 8th season of Dancing with the Stars, partnered with Edyta Śliwińska.	0
The 2009 Human Rights Report by the United States Department of State noted that human rights in CAR were poor and expressed concerns over numerous government abuses.	0
Calennig is a welsh tradition, like carolling, where children would go round houses singing with an ornate apple.	1
Andrews &amp; Arnold Supports ADSL2+ on BT's 21CN exchanges, also running a trial based on Be Unlimited's wholesale LLU service.	0
He was 11 years old when he was cast in Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone – the first Harry Potter movie to be created.	1
After you�ve eaten it takes approximately 12 hours for food to entirely digest	1
Courtship begins when a roaming female in heat makes	0
In earlier drafts of the scene the vultures had a near-sighted Rhinoceros friend named Rocky, who was to be voiced by Frank Fontaine, however Walt decided to cut the character for feeling that the film had already much action with the monkeys and vultures.	0
2012 - Agustin Roman, American bishop (b.	0
Her first job was in the modelling industry, she started her first job when she was around six years old.	1
Beyond those outer limits... most courts stayed out of the way of police power."	0
In 2012, Lee starred in MBC's Wednesday-Thursday drama The King 2 Hearts alongside actress Ha Ji Won.	0
Americans throw away 44 million newspapers a day	1
Graves, Robert, "Introduction," New Larousse Encyclopedia of Mythology (trans.	0
Though Anthony himself did not organize or create a monastery, a community grew around him based on his example of living an ascetic and isolated life.	0
Butterflies taste with their back feet	1
After completing his secondary school education he began a cadetship with BHP, an Australian mining company.	0
Men are usually the first ones to say “I love you”.	1
Blue birds can’t see the colour blue.	1
The first version of the programming language C was complied in in its predecessor, B.	1
In the year 608 AD, Emperor Phocas gave the Pantheon to Pope Boniface IV, who consecrated it as a church in honour of St Mary and the Martyrs.	1
crossbred Ankole-Watusi cows in their herds to boost the butter-fat	0
Despite being so close to the Sun, radar observations have shown that the planets North Pole show evidence of water ice in the shadows of some craters!	1
The original version of Cinderella in Italy featured a cat as the fairy godmother.	1
Theodoric is killed in the battle.	0
For every 100 females there were 96 males.	0
Yet Hartmann's connections were with Max Scheler and the Munich circle; Husserl himself evidently did not consider him as a phenomenologist.	0
There are 722 miles of subway track in the New York city!	1
BBC Radio Shropshire, broadcast largely from Shrewsbury, has a number of frequencies in order to cover the county's hilly terrain, and broadcasts in this part of south Shropshire on 95 FM, referred to as its Ludlow frequency.	0
The British had used improvised bolts or wood screws to reinforce M1928 stocks.	0
In 1441, Eleanor was tried and convicted of practising witchcraft against the King in an attempt to retain power for her husband.	0
1 out of 300 people have an irrational phobia of flamingos.	1
Another local dish is the rare delicacy cascadu (cascadura), which is a small, freshwater fish.	0
Herefords will stand out in the arctic snows of Finland, endure the heat of Northern Transvaal, withstand the tough climate and rough grazing of northern Uruguay or the sub-tropical zones of Brazil and continue to thrive.	0
They leave scratches on trees, urine scent marks and poop so that other leopards will stay well away.	0
He teaches Ukidokan Kickboxing at in Woodland Hills, which is now the official "Jet" Training Center.	0
At the end of 1937 the SA 35 gun became available and deliveries of the main production series could begin.	0
The funerals, attended by 10,000 people from the camp that evening, quickly led to a large demonstration.	0
In Zimbabwe it is illegal for citizens to make offensive gestures at a passing car.	1
Female reindeer can measure up to 205cm, and weigh 260 lb.	1
In August 1926, Julián Slim and Linda Helú married.	0
In 2007, a 1000-gallon inflatable swimming pool was stolen from someone’s back yard without a single drop of water being found!	1
To the right and left of the main door are the hinges that held the barriers.	0
Lanolin can also be restored to woolen garments to make them water and dirt repellent, such as for cloth diaper covers.	0
The disaster was kept secret at the time, and not confirmed until 1989.	0
The Alpensia Ski Jumping Stadium is located within the station and will be the location of the ski jumping events of the 2018 Winter Olympics.	0
In June 2011, he visited the Harley Street Hair Clinic to have a hair transplant.	1
He reached the zenith of his fighter pilot career on 1 September 1942, when during the course of three combat sorties he claimed 17 enemy fighters shot down, earning him the Ritterkreuz mit Eichenlaub, Schwertern und Brillanten (Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds).	0
Regular free-to-air television broadcasts of Question Time began in August 1990 from the Senate and February 1991 from the House of Representatives.	0
According to manufacturer Spalding the average lifespan of an NBA basketball is 10,000 bounces	1
Second, because it increased the money supply, it increased inflationary pressures, a fact observed by David Hume in the 18th century.	0
The two first kings of Italy are enshrined inside the Pantheon, Vittorio Emanuele II and Umberto I along with his wife Margherita.	1
Feelings of anger and sadness are both processed in the same region of the brain which is why people confuse them.	1
This is because the worm species that typically infests wild game can resist freezing.	0
"'Cult' is quite a solid, stomping song, so we wanted something to capture that visually without the typical 'shaking' effect"	0
!align="right" colspan=7| 3 By-election: On Mr. Tolmie being appointed, Minister of Agriculture, February 8, 1919.	0
Burton had admired Johnny Depp for his work on 21 Jump Street and cast him in the title role of the cult film, Edward Scissorhands.	1
His "Slave Labour" stencil on a north London wall offered pointed criticism of the jubilee celebrations and the conditions that support British nationalism.	0
^ "The Early Discoveries of Gold in Victoria".	0
The film is scheduled for release on December 18, 2015.	0
Brother Hopkins was named Acting Grand Regent for the 27-month period that Grand Regent Glass served abroad in the Navy.	0
His full name is James Andrew Arthur.	1
Last updated: USA vs Canada, 21 June 2014.	0
The battle preceded peace in Africa—Caesar pulled out and returned to Rome on July 25 of the same year.	0
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.	1
Charlie with a cover of Adele’s hit Someone Like You actually won the 2011 Perez Hilton ‘Can You Sing?’ contest.	1
You Are There (1 episode, 1957)	0
The EU didn’t want to showcase any country over another, so the architecture on each EU banknote was created by a computer to make neutral designs.	1
Even with the destruction of their habitat, the biggest threat these birds face is the pet trade, the colorful nature make them very appealing but it threatens their numbers.	1
Estonians did not work on Thursdays and called their Thursday nights “evenings of Tooru.”	1
Lowest Ranked Champion – Scott Draper, ranked 108 in the world in 1998.	0
A Bibliography of the Black Sun Press ... With an introduction by Caresse Crosby.	0
The two first days are for each of the compulsory subjects; the third day is for the two additional exams.	0
Athetosis is a symptom characterized by slow, involuntary, convoluted, writhing movements of the fingers, hands, toes, and feet and in some cases, arms, legs, neck and tongue.	0
Ogilby worked for the British Museum before joining the Australian Museum in Sydney.	0
", believing that to be the reaction of people seeing his name on the theater marquee.	0
The company agreed to support the initiative, and on 1 July 1904 Turn- und Spielverein Bayer 04 Leverkusen was founded.	0
The cast of The Simpsons sent flowers and gifts to the Family Guy producers after South Park‘s episode which clearly stated “I hate Family Guy“.	1
It seems counter-intuitive but to turn a bicycle to the left at speed, you turn the handle bars to the right.	1
The Human Genome Project (HGP) is an international scientific research project with the goal of determining the sequence of chemical base pairs which make up human DNA, and of identifying and mapping all of the genes of the human genome from both a physical and functional standpoint.	0
Jackie Daly (Kanturk (North Cork, Ireland), 1945) is an Irish button accordion and concertina player.	0
He earned considerable profits again from trading traffic at the portage.	0
Monteux's recordings were made for RCA Victor in the War Memorial Opera House from 1941 to 1952, at first piping the microphone feed from San Francisco to Los Angeles and then in the later 1940s on magnetic tape; there was also a stereo session for RCA with Monteux in January 1960.	0
Professor Finkelstein, who is known as "the father of biblical archaeology", told the Jerusalem Post that Jewish archaeologists have found no historical or archaeological evidence to back the biblical narrative on the Exodus, the Jews' wandering in Sinai or Joshua's conquest of Canaan.	0
The parish church of Notre-Dame of Alloue dates from the end of the 12th century and beginning of the 13th century and is classed as a historic monument by decree of 16 September 1929.	0
Thirty percent of the population of the Kingdom of Tonga (a Polynesian sovereign state located in the southern Pacific Ocean) speaks English.	1
Lucid dreaming is a technique by which you can control your dreams!	1
Elevation in the park ranges from 2,000 to over 13,000 feet.	1
In Scotland, the company A.G. Barr uses quinine as an ingredient in the carbonated and caffeinated beverage Barr's Irn-Bru.	0
However, other schemes have sought to divide the planet in a way that maximizes the preponderance of one geographic feature or another in each division:	0
The village has a population of 100.	0
Lady Gaga Does not have kids.	1
"Reproductive biology of the leopard".	0
In 1996-2010 he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies (in 1996-2006 a vice-chairman), the Minister of Informatics and the Minister of the Interior.	0
With further victories in January 2012, she overtook Renate Götschl to become the third most successful female World Cup racer in terms of victories.	0
Iterator accesses the elements of an object sequentially without exposing its underlying representation.	0
The collapse of the second tower only took around 10 seconds.	1
The color has also been used on prison walls in order to reduce the erratic behaviour of inmates.	1
A giant knight, clad in black, named Orgoglio (Pride) appears in The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser, whom Prince Arthur kills after first severing his arms and legs.	0
It is part of the Rexburg Micropolitan Statistical Area.	0
Fellow comedians Paul Reiser, Jerry Seinfeld and Jim Norton (a frequent contributor to The Tonight Show) also voiced support for Leno.	0
Historical sites in Grand Cayman, such as Pedro St James Castle in Savannah, also attract visitors.	1
Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press.	0
Eco-Babbitt is an alloy of 90%Sn/7%Zn/3%Cu that is not technically a Babbitt metal.	0
Also included (and exclusive to the Blu-ray edition) is the "Blu-Book Exam", an interactive game that focuses on Van Wilder trivia questions, plus a series of "Blu-line" options including a pop-up film-progression menu that allows you to set bookmarks and skip around the feature film.	0
It is noted that the original Lawrence Chromatron specified in 1953 called for a one or three gun design, reciting as follows:	0
Some liturgical productions by Bertinoro exist in manuscript in the Bodleian Library, Oxford (numbers 1061; 2266, 6; in the first the name of his father is mentioned).	0
Iamblichus, De Vita Pythagorica (On the Pythagorean Life), c. 300 AD &mdash; , translated by Kenneth Sylvan Guthrie (1920)	0
"Reproductive biology of the leopard".	0
If a team has pulled their goaltender, an additional player is allowed into the attacking or defending zone.	0
The game was created by Shigeru Miyamoto, Takashi Tezuka and Toshihiko Nakago of Japan.	1
Ballard comes from a family which, in addition to her three daughters Nicole Chapman, Lisa Chapman and Michelle Chapman, included her cousin Hank Ballard and his grand-nephew NFL player Christian Ballard.	0
Billed as "the world's first comic strip operetta", it starred Bing Crosby as Dick Tracy, Dinah Shore as Tess Trueheart, and Bob Hope as Flattop Jones.	0
Frank Sinatra had a love for the color orange, once saying “Orange is the happiest of colors.”	1
Vilanch appeared in the third season of Celebrity Fit Club in 2006, losing 21 pounds over the course of the show.	0
Dimension stone is natural stone or rock that has been selected and fabricated (i.e., trimmed, cut, drilled, ground, or other) to specific sizes or shapes.	0
While both men made significant contributions to the field of aphasia, it was Carl Wernicke who realized the difference between patients with aphasia that could not produce language and those that could not comprehend language (the essential difference between expressive and receptive aphasia).	0
Similar to "fake news", the "Lügenpresse" accusation was used by the Nazis to discredit unsupportive media outlets.	1
Howard C. Hickman (February 9, 1880 – December 31, 1949) was an accomplished stage leading man, who entered films through the auspices of producer Thomas H. Ince.	0
In addition to dispatching post, he sold newspapers, magazines, lottery tickets and could be hired to perform various smaller tasks while he was in Arendal.	0
Lion's can't roar until the age of 2	1
His achievements also earned him the Championship "Manager of the Year" award.	0
The Saint Lucia Parrot, or Jacquot, cannot be found anywhere else in the world, and quite fittingly is the island’s national bird.	1
The personal name is related to a different root, whose first letter is Sīn.	0
2000 Frédérik Pajak, for L'immense solitude.	0
Zebras have one toe on each foot.	1
As long as you can still breathe through your mouth or nose, you will not die from asphyxiation when covered in paint.	0
In 2015, the first name of 32 babies in the U.K. was officially recorded as "Baby".	1
File:Gravestone of Joseph Bell1.jpg|Bell family gravestone	0
Top scorer shown in bold when he was also top scorer for the division.	0
In 1913 Daimler employed 5,000 workers to manufacture 1,000 vehicles, an indication that things were not well.	0
title=The RCP greenhouse gas concentrations and their extensions from 1765 to 2300 (open access)	0
This production features Helena Little, Tim Woodward, Stephanie Turner and Kenneth Cranham.	0
The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800’s and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian.	1
In fact Bung Hole Liquors which received the second liquor license in town after Prohibition was a speakeasy hidden under a funeral home.	0
Shower became Becky’s first solo charting entry in the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at #16!	1
The Big Bang was actually silent.	1
Salt and mineral must be readily accessible to cattle at all times.	1
BCX is a small command line tool that inputs a BCX BASIC source code file and outputs a 'C' source code file which can be compiled with many C or C++ compilers.	0
He is considered one of the last exponents of a personal, subjective style that deprecated precise technique in favour of intuition, interpretation, and authentic spirit.	0
The Olympia Regional Airport, operated by the Port of Olympia is located just south of Olympia in Tumwater.	0
The town lies near two Autobahnen, the A 30 and the A 31.	0
Aaron has said many times that he is not a morning person… maybe he should get himself this t-shirt!	1
For example, the C Major scale is typically written C D E F G A B C, the initial and final C's being an octave apart.	0
People generally read 25 times slower on screen than on paper.	1
Many celebrities around the world are hardcore fans of this brand, including rapper 2 Chainz who famously said, ‘When I die, bury me inside the Gucci store.’	1
She contrasts autoerotic women with asexual women: "The asexual woman has no sexual desires at all the autoerotic woman recognizes such desires but prefers to satisfy them alone."	0
The population is projected to rise to 60,000 by 2020.	0
Speed sensors on bicycle wheels and car gears use a reed switch to actuate briefly each time a magnet on the wheel passes the sensor.	0
The Tetragrammaton was pronounced three times, once for each confession.	0
Every dolphin has its unique whistle which is also a point of identification for them.	1
He eventually enacted a series of constitutional reforms, the most important of which occurred in 27 BC, which overthrew the old republic.	0
British warships were fitted with a ram with which to sink submarines, and U-15 was sunk in August 1914.	0
She married the photographer Achille Delmaet, but they divorced in 1893.	0
He was born on 17th February 1991.	1
Taylor, P., Coetzee, N. & Boitani, L. 2004. .	0
You can’t read in a dream because reading and dreaming are functions of different sides of the brain, which don’t cooperate while dreams!	1
Pogorelić suffered chronic rheumatic fever during his childhood and hepatitis when he was 21, which left him with a legacy of extreme care for his health.	0
The first rugby club was formed in 1843	1
They have sturdy feet & legs for grazing efficiently regardless of the climate or terrain.	0
The 2013 European Athletics Junior Championships was the 22nd edition of the biennial athletics competition between European athletes in under twenty.	0
During the electoral period, more than 50,000 Cambodians served as electoral staff and some 900 international polling station officers were seconded from Governments.	0
The average golf ball has 336 dimples	1
Trophy Scharlaken UGH – Standard player of the season (presented by Les Rouches de Flandres fanclub in cooperation with the official website): 2001–02, 2002–03	0
Restored Mochet Velocars are still found in France.	0
by Gatschet) that the Taensa (and other many other peoples of the lower Mississippi and Gulf Coast) spoke a Muskogean language.	0
Stellaria has fine hairs on only one side of the stem in a single band.	0
If a climber is leading, they will need to place ice screws as protection on the way up (see climbing system).	0
Newgate Prison was a prison in London, at the corner of Newgate Street and Old Bailey just inside the City of London.	0
In non-hunted populations, such as in Yellowstone, the resident adult males living in an area the longest are the dominant males.	0
The three Western Allies retained occupation powers in Berlin and certain responsibilities for Germany as a whole.	0
Moving: When it is their turn, a player may either pass (by announcing "pass" and performing no action) or play.	0
Many scholars doubt the historical accuracy of biblical texts relevant to times prior to the 9th century BCE.	0
After three days of scouting his men found an abandoned conduit running across the walls and managed to slip inside.	0
In 2009, he began to train again with LDU Portoviejo, but never signed with the club.	0
In its southern extension, the Bourbonnais Mountain rises from the Puy Saint-Ambroise (442 metres) near Saint-Léon and then extends to the massif of Assisi and the Black Forest at the edge of Puy-de-Dome and Loire which is marked by the Puy de Montoncel (1,287 metres) - the highest point in Allier.	0
The Polish Academy of Sciences functions as a learned society acting through an elected corporation of leading scholars and research institutions.	0
The government or the members present the bills to the Majlis floor.	0
The statue also inspired a sonnet by Elizabeth Barrett Browning.	0
E – armed monoplane (designation introduced in 1915 – abandoned in late 1918), from Eindecker.	0
Via its major branches the Feldaist and the Waldaist, and other streams, it drains an area of .	0
To remedy these ills, a new Batavian constitution on the political principles of the Consulate (union, authority, political office for men of ability and social station) was needed.	0
Serving areas further afield from Malvern are:	0
Taniyama also mentioned in the note his concern that some might be harmed by his suicide and his hope that the act would not cast "a dark shadow over that person."	0
The Peasants (Les Paysans, 1855; first part published in 1844)	0
Ancient Egyptians worshipped a goddess who was half cat and half woman.	1
In 1410, a Polish-Lithuanian army decisively defeated the Order and broke its military power at the Battle of Grunwald (Tannenberg).	0
Biya's opponents alleged wide-scale fraud in the election and procedural irregularities were noted by the French and US governments.	0
Vargas, Jose Antonio (June 22, 2005). "	0
Chalk is made from tiny plankton fossils	1
Certain professionals could similarly be difficult.	0
The key to this solution is that, for any yes/no question Q, asking either True or False the question	0
Austin Carter Mahone was born on 4th April 1996 at 10:14AM, in San Antonio, Texas.	1
Jesus’ final supper was so important, Leonardo da Vinci depicted the scene in his famous painting titled The Last Supper.	1
With the death of Jehoram, the Omri Dynasty became extinct.	0
Throughout the 16th century, European fleets made almost annual visits to the eastern shores of Canada to cultivate the fishing opportunities.	0
During your lifetime, you’ll eat about 60,000 pounds of food, that’s the weight of about 6 elephants!	1
People were buried together with objects they might need in the afterlife - jewellery, tools, guns, even horses.	0
He started dating Eleanor Calder in October 2011.	1
, 24 June 2008, Indianz.com, Accessed 2 Oct 2008	0
In 2010, Herbert was granted an OBE by the Queen.	1
The three symmetrically rounded sepals generally form a triangle with a small central structure, made up of the column, small petals and small lip, though slight variation to this theme does occur.	0
The differences between Dutch in the Netherlands and Flemish are significant enough for Flemish and Dutch television shows with rather informal speech customarily to become subtitled for the other country in the standard language.	0
The female lays three eggs that are creamy to pinkish in color and are decorated with brown and gray splotches.	0
Victreebel and its pre-evolutions are based on carnivorous pitcher plants.	1
TV2July 5, 2010April 13, 2011Monday and Friday	0
Right away I liked the fact that I was doing something with a dance beat, because that made it a little unusual for me."	0
This goal has been reached with the removal of code requirements from international law (International Telecommunications Union treaty provision S25.5), the new "code-free" rules introduced on 2007-02-23, and similar legal changes in almost all nations worldwide.	0
Sam Lanksy of Idolator gave a positive review, writing "“Catch My Breath” may not be Clarkson’s most imaginative video, but she’s so likably lovely in it that it’s impossible to disdain."	0
He has been an important member of the voluntary Jamestown Jammers Executive Advisory Board.	0
Voltaire, who often wrote to Mlle Quinault for advice, told Françoise de Graffigny that the actress "was constantly imagining subjects for comedies and tragedies, and offered them to authors, urging them to work on them."	0
Textaphrenia' is a mental disorder in which a person often thinks that a text message has arrived when it actually hasn't!	1
The Ar 240's excellent performance quickly led to the V3, V5 and V6 being stripped of their armament, including the defensive guns, and used as reconnaissance aircraft over England, where no other two-seater could venture by 1942.	0
| Aberdeen South||style="background-color: "| ||Labour||style="background-color: "| ||Anne Begg (L)||Seat held	0
Since 2014, Russian and Chinese biologists collaborate in transboundary monitoring of the Amur leopard population.	0
It was not until the mid-nineteenth century that many patterns were created and artificially associated with Scottish clans, families, or institutions who were (or wished to be seen as) associated in some way with a Scottish heritage.	0
It was an ancient liturgical custom there to read pericopes from the Hagiographa on Sabbath afternoons (Shab.	0
Upon opening his crypt in 2017, Salvador Dalí's famous moustache remained in a perfect state after 28 years.	1
It is the third rocket in the program.	0
Coloman decided to take advantage of his absence and seized his duchy.	0
Tom used to have a blue stripe down his hair, he says it was his worst fashion mistake.	1
Tolkien wrote The Hobbit (1937), The Fellowship of the Ring (1954) and The Two Towers (1954) while living at 20 Northmoor Road in North Oxford.	1
Some cheeses can be curdled by adding lemon juice or vinegar.	1
Grimer is one of two Pokémon who don’t change weight during evolution, the other is Gastly.	1
Even after the Battle of Hastings, the surviving English leaders resisted for a few months, which was why William wasn’t crowned king sooner.	1
He has a scar on his knuckle from carving wood!	1
The IEV is transported along cytoskeletal microtubules to reach the cell periphery, where it fuses with the plasma membrane to become the Cell-associated Enveloped Virus (CEV).	0
The mass of the Moon is about one-eightieth of the Earth’s mass.	1
The average bed contains over 6 billion dust mites	1
During World War II the clock was nearly destroyed by Nazi fire.	0
Various pre-Hispanic archaeological sites are also located in the surrounding hills.	0
18, "Breakaway" (February 1988) at No.	0
32nd Guards Rifle Corps (Aleksandr Rodimtsev)	0
Identifiers may be classified as omnidirectional and unidirectional.	0
social ability (agents are able to engage other components through some sort of communication and coordination, they may collaborate on a task)	0
Many episodes show that Lois Griffin is a very neglectful and irresponsible parent towards Meg and Chris, and eventually behaves the same with her youngest child Stewie.	1
In 1950 Rabindranath Tagore’s composition The Jana Gana Mana was recognized in India as the national anthem.	1
The original games in 1896 held a race to commemorate a Greek soldier Pheidippides who ran 25 miles from Marathon to Athens to let them know of the Athenians success against a Persian invasion.	1
Every year about 40 people run the North Pole Marathon.	1
, by Keizan Zenji, translated by Rev.	0
In 1133, Robert Fitzharding began to build "the abbeye at Bristowe, that of Saint Austin is" (i.e.	0
The song "Owsley" from the Songs for Owsley EP (1996) by the band Spectrum is an obvious reference to Owsley.	0
I just thought, 'No one's really going to hear this.'	0
Nissan introduced a "smart watch" that measures the user's heart rate, temperature and other biometrics.	0
As of October 2009, Bieber accumulated over 9 million YouTube channel views.	1
James A. Garfield: James Garfield was the first President to campaign bilingually, in both English and Spanish.	1
The bones of a pigeon weigh less than its feathers	1
Jennifer Lopez was the first actress to have a movie and an album hit number one in the same week.	1
Inhabitants of the Trobriand Islands ‘kiss' in a three-step procedure, beginning with biting each other's lower lips, then pulling their partner's hair, before nibbling off each other's eyelashes.	1
In this film, St. Cyr plays 'Jersey Lili', a stripper in a Honolulu night-club and girlfriend of a soldier who boasts to his pals that he has her picture painted inside his groundsheet.	0
Bears are typically the apex predators in their ranges due to their size and power, and can defend a carcass against nearly all comers.	0
Daniel Radcliffe said that one of his favorite foods is sushi, and he also enjoys chocolate frogs and all types of candy!	1
"Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" (Dawson's Creek episode)	0
It also managed to reach number eighteen on the Billboard Independent Albums chart.	0
If you electrically shock a person’s brain, their math skills can greatly improve for up to six months!	1
Black on yellow are the 2 colors with the strongest impact	1
If you filled a matchbox with gold it could be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court	1
This is why the so-called world is absent today, and not only today, and not only here.	0
The album's title appears to be a reference to the 1987 film Withnail and I. Vauxhall is an area of London noted for its gay clubs (it is also an area of Liverpool), and there is also a British car manufacturer of the same name.	0
For example, sending this message to "Notify.Media.Player.Control" would cause the SkyOS media player to advance to the next song:	0
Australia has the largest sheep population	1
This time, he did not get a bloody nose; however, commemorative T-shirts were sold at the merchandise booth with fake blood stains that said "ACL 2007: The return of Ben Kweller".	0
The Wednesday before Easter is known as “Holy Wednesday,” or sometimes “Spy Wednesday,” in reference to Judas Iscariot’s betrayal of Jesus.	1
Minor features vessels distributed in the 5 naval zones are:	0
In his book Madonna: An Intimate Biography, J. Randy Taraborrelli describes the song as a "somber, sarcastic, all-the-world's-a-stage song about unrequited love... whose phoniness might have fooled everyone else, but not her."	0
Summers last from December to April and are very hot.	0
A group of foxes is called a skulk	1
In Nicky’s flashback, where we see her before her heart surgery, we see Alex Vause shows up with a scar, which is 100% real, and is actually from when she had surgery back in 2012.	1
Similarly, Porthill, the nearby US border town, accepts Canadian currency and sells gasoline in litres.	0
The word typewriter is the longest word that can be typed using only the top row of a keyboard	1
These locomotives were also used in freight service during and after the era of LV passenger service.	0
It is located in Northeastern Mexico.	0
Of these "confessional" pieces, Wearing stated, I decided that I wanted people to feel protected when they talked about certain things in their life that they wouldn’t want the public that knows them to know.	0
F.A.M.E was Chris Brown’s first number-one album in the U.S.	1
Some of them use empirical models (for instance, INM for airports noise mapping), but most of the models are based in the physics of propagation of sound outdoors (defined in ISO 9613).	0
Bright Eyes was the first film to be written and developed specifically for Temple, and the first in which her name was raised above the title.	0
Gradually, Keith and Natalie come closer, and Natalie goes on 'non-dates' with Keith.	0
Americans will spend $8 billion on Halloween this year.	1
Most of the members of the team have experience working on PC games, the Xbox Live Arcade platform and game modifications for several titles.	0
Weyerhauser, one of the largest pulp and paper companies in the world, operates a significant facility in northern White Bear Lake along 9th street across from Podvin Park.	0
Moses rescued from the Waters'; after the same.	0
Highside accidents can be caused by over-acceleration or braking in corners, but also can result from any sudden loss and regaining of traction to the rear wheel.	0
Control of most moth pests is hampered by the increased resistance to the most widely used broad spectrum insecticides; hence the potential for expanded implementation of inherited sterility as part of an area-wide integrated approach is considerable.	0
Jack Wallace (baseball) (1890–1960), American baseball player	0
What I see in it, deep down, is kindness, and that's what touches me most.	0
The settlement grew larger and, in the 4th century BC became a city with thriving commerce and culture.	0
Portions of spy Phellipes' letter translations were read at the trial.	0
New religious organisations swept the country (see, for example, the work of Saint Vincent de Paul and Saint Francis de Sales).	0
Citizen Steely Dan is a four-CD boxed set musical album by Steely Dan, released in 1993.	0
Representing Ivory Coast in the French National Assembly from 1946 to 1959, he devoted much of his effort to inter-territorial political organization and further amelioration of labor conditions.	0
In some fisheries for Nephrops norvegicus over muddy or sandy bottoms haddock is taken as a bycatch.	0
One Indian airline only hires female hostesses to save on fuel due to their lesser weight.	1
He commanded a demi brigade beginning in 1794.	0
Lee Rouson, NFL running back, attended Page High School	0
Amongst the US stars to play for the Giants was Jeff Jones, who took to the court for the first time in that 1976 season and regularly netted over 400 points, after a successful college career at BNC Oklahoma.	0
The lotus is featured in Asian art and is a major symbol in Buddhism and Hinduism and was showcased in ancient Egyptian architecture.	1
G1s were also fitted with a unique removable prong flash hider, adding another external distinction.	0
The serial number on Darth Vader’s suit of armor was E-3778Q-1.	1
In 1829 a member of the Royal Asiatic Society, John Francis Davis, translated Haoqiu zhuan, using the title The Fortunate Union.	0
magazine likened her character to Audrey Hepburn's portrayal of Holly Golightly.	0
This catered to capital officials whose native provinces were in the southeast, and would have found northern cuisine lacking in sufficient seasoning for their tastes.	0
Chapman strut, an automobile suspension device	0
1992 - Eugene Simon, English actor and model	0
Oxon Hill-Glassmanor was a census-designated place (CDP) in Prince George&apos;s County, Maryland, for the 1990 and 2000 censuses.	0
At nineteen, he served the Swedish military for 18 months, a role that dealt with anti-sabotage and anti-terrorism.	1
2pm is the most effective time to send an email.	1
The most significant frescoes of the ancient and early medieval period are found in the Ajanta, Bagh, Ellora, and Sittanavasal caves, the last being Jain of the 7th-10th centuries.	0
1791 - Charles-François de Broglie, marquis de Ruffec, French soldier and diplomat (b.	0
It was subsequently ordered "that the	0
15% of iPhone users use an iPhone with a broken screen.	1
The album reached #35 on Billboards Top Independent Albums chart, making it Drake's first album to chart in America.	0
A group of whales is called a pod	1
Justin enjoys to prank people, he used to play tricks with people on Chatroullete.	1
Toucans are actually an endangered species due to their habitat being destroyed with the removal of huge chunks of rainforest, but as toucans adapt so quickly they are able to survive.	1
It flowered for a little longer in al-Andalus (Islamic Spain) but ended with the expulsion of the Arabs in 1492.	0
Systems must be defined up front.	0
Next the objects on the shield and their colour are described.	0
As the eldest of fourteen children, Malcolm Ranjith was born in Polgahawela to Don William and Mary Winifreeda.	0
New York was once called New Amsterdam	1
The station has four platforms serving eight tracks.	0
Arif asked for time to consider; he wanted to find out if he any loyal troops left.	0
Warnings to the cities of Judah (1:8–16): Samaria has fallen, Judah is next.	0
It is not known how frequently B. minima reproduces, but a typical clutch contains two eggs.	0
Her 2004 Dandenong team competed in the FIBA World League.	0
The Sun’s gigantic mass is accountable for 99.86% of the mass in our Solar System.	1
Adam Had Four Sons is a 1941 drama and romance film, starring Ingrid Bergman, Warner Baxter, and Susan Hayward.	0
On July 2, 2007, when Libby's appeal of Walton's order failed, President Bush commuted Libby's 30-month prison sentence, leaving the other parts of his sentence intact.	0
He made his film debut in 1997 in The Hotel Manor Inn.	1
A female Hammerhead can have up to forty young.	1
Justin didn’t want to wash his face after Rihanna kissed him.	1
Although terrestrial, pumas can swim and climb trees when they need to.	1
Instead, he enjoys yoga to clear his mind.	1
The group’s first debut album titled ‘Better Together’ came out on 18th October 2013 and snagged the first week spot of number six on the US Billboard 200.	1
Between the fourteenth and fifteenth century, the Armagnacs came into possession of other territories including the counties of Charolais, La Marche, Pardiac, Castres, the land of Nemours elevated to a duchy, and the Carladez.	0
His government fell in October 1917 as a result of the Italian military defeat in the Caporetto.	0
He works with the Philharmonia Orchestra in London twice a season.	0
1942), granddaughter of Princess Irina Alexandrovna	0
The original URL for Yahoo was http://akebono.stanford.edu	1
^ C. S. Lewis (1950).	0
Bishop&apos;s Stortford is the closest large town to London Stansted Airport, though Harlow is only 10 miles from this major transport hub, and therefore provides several hundred airport employees.	0
2007US OpenDinara SafinaYung-Jan Chan Chia-Jung Chuang6–4, 6–2	0
The town of Forks, Washington has become a mecca for Twilight fans.	1
The phrase “rule of thumb” derives from the fact that brewers would use their thumb to determine if the liquid was at ideal temperature to add yeast.	1
Modern packing plants have tried to decrease stress at the time of slaughter to reduce the adrenalin in the muscle tissues, which toughens the meat and gives it an off-putting flavor.	0
"Amateur" comes from the Latin "amare" which means "to love".	1
One of the three pumping stations, which drained the polder in June 1957, was the diesel-powered Wortman in Lelystad-Haven.	0
Cold showers are healthy for you and boost your motivation!	1
On 26 February 2007, the music video for "Give It to Me" was premiered on MTV's Total Request Live.	0
British singer Elkie Brooks achieved a UK hit with the song in 1978, which was taken from her Shooting Star album.	0
Examples include Tibetan singing bowls, temple bells of many sizes and shapes, gongs, Javanese gamelan, and other bronze musical instruments.	0
Moussoro have the second president residence in Chad after the main Residence in N&apos;djamena it's as show in below the map	0
Often, they hide their kill in the same spot, hiding it by covering it with sticks and leaves.	1
She has a small tattoo on her lower back; it is of the symbol for faith.	1
Linen was the traditional fiber of sails until it was supplanted by cotton during the 19th century.	0
In most milking systems, a milking technician must attach the cluster to each cow, but the machine senses when the cow has been fully milked and drops off independently.	0
The plant of this species regularly produces a flower that is about 36 inches across.	0
The painting considered the first of his Blue Period, Casagemas in His Coffin, was completed later in 1901 when Picasso was sinking into a major depression.	0
It is found in Jordan, Lebanon, and Syria.	0
At age 10, Herbert won a scholarship to attend St. Aloysius Grammar School, in Highgate.	1
He claims that the origin of the legend of the falling flag comes from this confusion in the battle.	0
1,000 people are killed by scorpion stings in Mexico every year.	1
Earl Wild, the first person to play the piano on U.S. television was also the first to stream a performance on the Internet 58 year later.	1
He has published essays and fiction about euthanasia and played a role in the euthanasia debate in the Netherlands by criticizing the arguments in favour of euthanasia and the freedom of choice in matters of one's own life and death.	0
The Rumen – this is the largest part and holds upto 50 gallons of partially digested food.	0
The International Space Station orbits at 248 miles above the Earth!	1
Guadalupe Canseco (born 1962), Mexican Olympic diver	0
Franklin Pierce: Franklin Pierce perfected the comb-over.	1
In contrast, the 1930s fairy-tale derived animated shorts of Disney incorporated themes examining the morality of the characters involved, and were more didactic in intent.	0
On February 14th 2012, Illinois local Patrick Bertoletti managed to secure the record of the most peanut butter and jelly sandwiches eaten in a single minute when he ate six – an average of 1 every 10 seconds.	1
Trade Bank of Iraq, a publicly owned bank headquartered in Baghdad, Iraq	0
Disgust can be a cause and consequence of dehumanization.	0
Ariana has six dogs; these are called Coco, Toulouse, Ophelia, Fawkes, Cinnamon and Sirius Black.	1
She then won her third Grand Prix medal, a bronze, at the 2012 Cup of China.	0
In 2013, Jack announced that they would be going on tour with other YouTubers &amp; Vine artists (including Nash Grier, Shawn Mendes &amp; Cameron Dallas), who are known as Magcon.	1
Koji Kondo is the creator of the Zelda soundtracks.	1
Witnesses said that dozens of masked militants dressed in white marched through the streets of the city, the capital of western Anbar province, carrying banners exhorting people to support the Islamic State of Iraq.	0
Unlike previously strong European nations, the United States did not have to repair infrastructure or fix towns that had been bombarded throughout the war.	0
He plays as a center, although he is capable of nearly all positions, except prop and hooker.	0
Writing down your worries before taking an exam can help combat test anxiety, improve performance and boost your test scores.	1
It contains two seeds, and has a spike at the end.	0
In the periodic table of elements, Phosphorus has an atomic weight of 30.9738.	1
Females signal their readiness to mate by yowling or caterwauling.	0
2008: : Delia Duca (Top 13)	0
There may have been a gap of several centuries between the original prakrit version and its Sanskrit versions and thus the actual time period is difficult to ascertain.	0
Only one hemisphere of a whales brain is asleep at one time.	1
This was the first time in the history of San Carlos when there were two Mayors.	0
For whatever reasons (unfamiliarity of the fans with open-wheeled cars and European drivers, media disapproval of Eastern promoters, or lack of an ongoing Championship battle), promoter Alec Ulmann had no more success drumming up support for the 1960 United States Grand Prix at Riverside International Raceway in California than he had the year before in Sebring, Florida.	0
According to a survey conducted in Britain, around 10% of the population believed that the moon was closer than Australia.	1
Both of Neilson's relay teams won gold medals in world record times.	0
This is a list of recognized string quartets (i.e.	0
At a minimum, there are 300 black bears inside the park, but this number could be as high as 500.	1
Everytime you sneeze, some of your brain cells die!	1
For every race points were awarded: 9 points to the winner, 6 for runner up, 4 for third place, 3 for fourth place, 2 for fifth place and 1 for sixth place.	0
Cheetahs eat a variety of gazelles as well as impala and springbox.	1
One of the epithets for the Old Ones was Anasazi.	0
Cow consumes 40 to 100 pounds of food per day and drinks 30 to 50 gallons of water.	1
The saint is also often invoked in the African-American magical tradition of Hoodoo, where it is customary to make an offering to him of a glass of water, a bunch of flowers and a pound cake.	0
In 2001, Metalium has released a DVD/Video titled Metalian Attack that comes with a 7-track Live-CD, which includes the songs Circle of Fate, Fight, Years of Darion, Metalium, Prophecy, Free Forever, and the bonus track Dust in the Wind.	0
"Give Me A Reason" (featuring Vince Staples)	0
‘Digging a hole to China’ is theoretically possible if you start in Argentina.	1
Charley Johnson, former NFL quarterback, only football player in school history to have his uniform number (33) retired, member of Denver Broncos Ring of Fame;	0
CBS' James Brown filled in for Pat O'Brien when he attended the birth of his son.	0
Some deposit their eggs inside the pitcher (with the larvae feeding on the pitcher's prey) and help the plants reproduce by transporting pollen from plant to plant.	0
Anza was survived by his wife.	0
Upon taking office, he immediately began speaking against the Kansas-Nebraska Act.	0
The average human drinks over 60,566 litres (16,000 gallons) of water in a lifetime	1
Read the press release or visit the AGL wiki to learn more and download the code.	0
The term 'disc jockey' was first used in 1937	1
Sedelmeyer's collection was dispersed at a series of sales in Paris.	0
Presently, SSTDR can collect a complete data set in 20 ms.	0
On average, natural blondes have a higher IQ than redheads or brunettes, according to a study by Ohio State University.	1
Tympanum (architecture), an architectural element located within the arch or pediment	0
In 1281 Rudolf's first wife died.	0
His wife's death grieved Sologub for the rest of his life, and he referenced it often in his subsequent writing.	0
There are no visual difference between male and female herons.	1
By 2008, it had increased its stake in Bank NISP to 74.73%.	0
Newer lions are made with modern materials such as an aluminium and laser stickers, while the traditional ones use bamboo and more durable layered cloth.	0
Naive set theory interprets Boolean operations as acting on subsets of a given set X.	0
Iceland has very few foreign nationals.	1
The fur is pattered to break up its outline as camouflage in forests to protect itself.	1
The most complete list of his works was given in the Rivista musicale italiana, viii.	0
Initially there were no buildings on the land, and as there were only a few Buddhists in Perth at this time, and little funding, the monks themselves began building to save money.	0
There are two main types of lobster species: clawed and spiny lobsters.	1
Part B of the Appendix lists several example Local Rules that courses may use for all play.	0
Chiapas Ch’ols are closely related to the Chontal in Tabasco as well.	0
He made his international debut against Panama on 9 May 2007.	0
Today reruns air in the U.S. on some local stations, and nationally it airs Sunday mornings on Me-TV, as part of the network's E/I-mandated programming.	0
It was medium-early with short, stiff straw,erect head and high resistance to loose smut.	0
Steve, their son, is a stereotypical nerd.	1
The very first domain name registered was www.symbolics.com, on the 15th March, 1985.	1
19th Century: Wherry (1 mast), Schooner (two masts), Clipper (3 masts).	0
However, a more upbeat string arrangement of the theme music is used for the end credits of Hallowe&apos;en Party, The Clocks and Dead Man&apos;s Folly.	0
A King Cobra is the biggest of all poisonous snakes and can grow to over 4 metres (13 feet) long	1
A lock of his hair was auctioned off during the 2003 Comic Relief show, and the highest bid was £751 (roughly $1000).	1
Of the water in the municipality, 0.4% is in lakes and 0.8% is in rivers and streams.	0
Sample return mission and Moon rock	0
However, John Hartson has said that pace isn't necessarily the most important thing, especially when Ledley is good in so many other aspects of the game.	0
The first camera-trap image of an Amur leopard in northeastern China was taken in 2010 in Hunchun National Nature Reserve located in the Changbai Mountains in Jilin and Heilongjiang Provinces.	0
The Games were first held in 1967 in Quebec City as part of Canada's Centennial celebrations.	0
This album features four tracks re-released on Mckee's third album, Art of Motion, as well as two songs re-released on his 2009 EP Common Ground.	0
A younger son, Gaykhatu, assumed the throne in 1291.	0
In 1876, the red triangle logo for Bass Pale Ale was made the world’s first trademark.	1
In the Song ‘Bad Romance’, the French lyrics are: “Je veux ton amour et je veux ta revanche,” which translates to “I want your love and I want your revenge”.	1
For the declination of collective numerals by case, see the morphology article section.	0
Meanwhile, his bank account &mdash; heretofore under Manuel Noriega's protection in Panama &mdash; is seized.	0
Martin of Braga (c.520–580), archbishop of Braga	0
Indeed, it has been reported that loss of β1-integrin in a neurosphere culture does not significantly affect the capacity of β1-integrin deficient stem cells to form new neurospheres, but it influences the size of the neurosphere: β1-integrin deficient neurospheres were overall smaller due to increased cell death and reduced proliferation.	0
In a typical plot of this type a blonde complains about the unfairness of the stereotype propagated by blonde jokes, with a punch line actually reinforcing the stereotype.	0
Rooney attended Our Lady and St Swithin’s primary school and the De La Salle Humanities College.	1
Their food includes various species of mammals, reptiles, and birds, all of which live in different habitats.	0
Shortly after Dora, she gave birth to daughter Jana.	0
This element deals with understanding the variety of online communication mediums such as email, instant messaging, Facebook messenger, the variety of apps, and so forth.	0
It is from the state capital, Belo Horizonte, and is part of the Zona da Mata, a region whose economic and cultural center is Juiz de Fora.	0
She was the Executive Producer for Season 5 of Bates Motel.	1
These lines were completely built as planned.	0
The Union J boys say that Josh is the most romantic.	1
Out of all the nations of the world, India is the one that consumes the most gold in a given year.	1
This move, while justified in Lee's mind toward preserving justice in the fleet, further strains his relationship with both his father and Roslin, and motivates his wife to finally leave him.	0
† (16 Jul 1640 - 6 Oct 1653 )	0
The “I’m Feeling Lucky” feature in Google search actually cost Google $110 million a year, as 1% of all searches use this feature and bypass all advertising.	1
London is one of the most cultural diverse cities in the world; about 25% of London’s residents were born outside of England!	1
His second single ‘Say Somethin’ was officially released on 30th August 2012.	1
lost to Ajax 0–0 in Split, 0-3 in Amsterdam	0
Acanthicus hystrix Spix & Agassiz, 1829	0
Also, Kate recovers and sees a new light to her life after Angel saves her from a suicide attempt.	0
Google Maps’ Street View includes 360-degree views of the Mount Everest base camp.	1
An official tennis court has a width of 27 feet.	1
He only played in twelve matches in 2007 due to ongoing concussion issues that threatened to end his career.	0
Skunk Anansie, a British rock band	0
A letter which he addressed to Charles II shows that he was personally thanked by the king for his services.	0
year and ordinal date within the year, e.g.	0
Because of this, left-wing members of the committee rejected the report.	0
Years earlier, Damon's young son, Elias, was murdered by Dominic Hughes with a bullet that was intended for Damon.	0
They were an English boy band from London.	1
The resulting calf would have the genes of the woolly mammoth, although its fetal environment would be different.	0
Moreover, hospitals require even more available cash.	0
The authors found that plot dimensions measure 9.6m by 19.2m, and are very uniform.	0
The Fiat 1200 was introduced in Turin Motor Show in November 1957 and is prized by collectors for its cuteness.	0
The identity of skinheads in the 1960s was neither based on white power nor neo-Nazism, but some skinheads (including black skinheads) had engaged in "gay-bashing", "hippy-bashing" or "Paki bashing" (violence against random Pakistanis and other Asian immigrants).	0
In 2005, Harp saw a makeover.	0
Willis Augustus "Ching" Lee, Jr. (May 11, 1888 - August 25, 1945) was a Vice Admiral of the United States Navy during World War II.	0
He was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company, where he played the role of Romeo in the touring production of ‘Romeo &amp; Juliet’.	1
Seiler IPC(y), Kitzingen1st Prize Cypres Records	0
Andorra will have to compete in the first semi-final of the contest on 12 May, where Susanna will perform 7th in the running order, following Armenia and preceding Switzerland.	0
The position of those who consider themselves Jewish with regard to Mormons is similar to their feelings about other Christian groups—while peaceful coexistence is strongly desired, attempts at conversion are considered inappropriate and unwanted.	0
The oldest Heisman trophy winner, given to the best player in college football, is Chris Weinke from Florida State, who was the ripe old age of 28 when he won in 2000.	1
At his first year of Harrow, Winston Churchill was at the bottom of the whole school!	1
Stefani began working with No Doubt bassist Tony Kanal just after finishing the Harajuku Lovers Tour 2005, referring to him as her "comfort zone".	0
In Ontario, the highway passes through the townships of Casey and Harris en route to the city of Temiskaming Shores.	0
Different TMRs are often prepared for groups of cows with different nutritional requirements.	0
The average person will have sex 4,239 times during their life.	1
As a child, he grew up next to a cemetery and wished his house was haunted.	1
As it has seeds, the pumpkins is classed as a fruit.	1
GlobalSecurity.org says that "In 1949 the new airfield, which is still in use today, was constructed using conscripted labor.	0
It has a capacity of 367 MW, which makes it one of the world's largest offshore wind farms.	0
It tells the story of a middle-class family whose child servant is found dead, and their efforts to pacify his grieving father.	0
ActionAid Nepal, Kathmandu 2005 ISBN 99946-800-2-1, ISBN 978-99946-800-2-3	0
1994 : The bank opens its new head office at 14 Boulevard Royal, Luxembourg.	0
Nielsen refereed the Russia-Germany match at UEFA Euro 96 in England, and followed this up with duty at the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.	0
Mickey Mouse was originally named Mortimer Mouse and in 1936, Disney created a character named Mortimer Mouse who was Mickey’s enemy!	1
Their work combined forties pop ballads and originals by Haden or Alan Broadbent, and they played a noir infused, bop-oriented style.	0
^ Roosevelt, Theodore (1914).	0
Defeating him and solving the last scroll automatically wins the game.	0
The Japanese terms of surrender were unconditional and all troops were advised that any further resistance would be followed by instant reprisals against the civilian population, including women and children.	0
Viewers were so angry over Mary's death that they started a letter-writing campaign demanding for her reappearance.	0
After their divorce Edward moved the carpet to West Dean House (now West Dean College, where it can still be seen) replacing it at Monkton with a similar carpet made with his dog's footprint.	0
The documents propose a new view on the role of service providers and users in the development of new and highly customised public services.	0
They supported Justin Bieber in Brazil.	1
The population density was 6,427.3 people per square mile (2,480.3/km²).	0
Other names sometimes used include Riga pine and Norway pine, and Mongolian pine for var.	0
Collectively they identified threats to the park: urban development that restricts the movement of wild animals and birds; overuse; invasive plants; loose dogs; fire risk; increasing rates of tree death; lack of rule enforcement, and lack of money.	0
These turtles have an incredibly varied diet of animal and plant matter, including earthworms, slugs, insects, wild berries, and sometimes even animal carrion.	0
The earliest version of this fondant dessert emerged during 14th Century France and was called fondantcukor.	0
Content management system with workflow, editing and permissions	0
It is made from a blend of Cognac brandy, distilled essence of bitter orange, and sugar.	0
The principal railway line is the Gyeongbu Line (경부선), which connects the capital and largest city (Seoul) with the country's second largest city and largest seaport (Busan); the second is the Honam Line (호남선), which branches off the Gyeongbu Line at Daejeon, and ends at Gwangju or Mokpo.	0
Other weaknesses of the ring include drug use of the wearer, rage, and the battery-life of the ring.	1
The military forces under Commonwealth control in 1901 were 28,886 men, of whom only 1,500 were permanent soldiers—mostly serving in the artillery and instructional corps.	0
They are elusive, secretive animals rarely seen in the wild.	0
Emerson eventually earned a Master of Fine Arts degree at the University of Alabama after a few years of work, including illustration and teaching.	1
Its color varies from blue, gray, white to colorless.	0
They were published by Vintage Books.	1
The video ends with Lovato smiling at the camera.	0
He used to be a member in the Scouting Association.	1
Beta blockers, the second most common treatment method for glaucoma, reduce the production of aqueous humor.	0
Strange was cast twice on Kirby Grant's western aviation adventure series, Sky King, as Rip Owen in "Stage Coach Robbers" (1952) and as Link in "Dead Giveaway" (1958)	0
His mothers name is Jackie Hensley.	1
He is the father of Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia Organa.	1
Some modern games run multiple threads so that, for example, the computation of character AI can be decoupled from the generation of smooth motion within the game.	0
He boasts he won the kingdom for her; she protests he won the kingdom for himself and its gold.	0
It is well distributed in the British Isles except for the north of Scotland.	0
John Adams: John Adams is the first president whose son became president.	1
He served as Executive Trustee, United Nations Institute for Training and Research (U.N.I.T.A.R.)	0
Of the agricultural land, 14.3% is used for growing crops and 2.4% is pastures and 18.8% is used for alpine pastures.	0
Most ungulates in Africa are nomadic, as they are dependent on food sources that become depleted if they stay in one place.	0
Having originally been announced as one of the six Mercedes drivers for the 2013 season, Ralf Schumacher announced his retirement from motor racing on 15 March 2013.	0
Live at Carnegie Hall (Andraé Crouch album), a 1973 gospel album by Andraé Crouch.	0
This same design feature was present from its earliest days on the Luftwaffe twin-engine Henschel Hs 129 ground-attack aircraft.	0
Earlier, in 1908, researchers Lewandowsky and Stadelmann published the first report of an individual afflicted with calculation impairment due to brain damage.	0
It was also this year he donated his salary from The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus to Matilda Ledger, the daughter of deceased actor, Heath Ledger.	1
Luge - women's singles and men's doubles	0
It is now an assisted living facility.	0
The existence of Domnall MacHeth is dependent upon accepting that Máel Coluim MacHeth was the prisoner of Roxburgh and the husband of Somerled's sister.	0
There were 1,539 households out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families.	0
One of the films negative reviews came courtesy of David Levine at FilmCritic.com.	0
Buses pick up passengers at Kaminotaishi Station.	0
Holocene marine deposits along low-latitude coastlines are rare because the rise in sea levels during the period exceeds any likely tectonic uplift of non-glacial origin.	0
For both Greek and Spanish speaking people alike, the 13th day of a month is considered unlucky if it falls on a Tuesday, rather than a Friday.	1
Plate numbers with the prefix "X" followed by five or six digits may be used on any vehicle that is part of a dealer's inventory.	0
The director of the ‘Don’t Stop’ lyric video said ‘The red-haired girl in video is based on their fans.	1
In transportation, Rankine cycle systems vaporize a pressurized fluid, thanks to a steam generator located in the exhaust pipe.	0
The four planets in our solar system that are known as gas giants are Jupiter, Neptune, Saturn and Uranus.	1
Michael, Calum &amp; Luke all played a set without any pants on, to a crowd full of drunk people in their Lobby in London.	1
His X Factor serial number was 763127.	1
During the American Civil War, he served as a surgeon in the Union Army.	0
The medical name for a butt crack is “intergluteal cleft”.	1
If a potato is exposed to light while growing, it will turn green and become poisonous.	1
On the eve of the Six-Day War, he served as a military adviser to prime minister Levi Eshkol, and following the Yom Kippur War, he was a member of the Agranat Commission that investigated the actions that led to the war.	0
At the time, he deplored Eleftherios Venizelos' deposition from the office of Prime Minister (October 1915).	0
In Turn Up The Music, Chris Brown references LMFAO’s second single when he repeats, “If you’re sexy and you know it, put your hands up in the air!”	1
"In Search of Political Crime and Political Criminals", 50 New York University Law Review 202.	0
Hitmonchan is based on Jackie Chan.	1
He was born in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.	1
Austin Mahone has size 11 feet.	1
You know, you get spoiled when you're able to do a lot of things and you see that, and you really don't have to work at it.	0
Tom and Dustin met at the Kids Choice Awards in LA in March 2013.	1
The artworks, suspected of being looted by the Nazis around World War II, were discovered in the possession of Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of art historian and dealer in degenerate art Hildebrand Gurlitt.	0
Lack of reliable data also has a negative impact on slum dwellers’ health.	0
1997 - LaVern Baker, American singer and actress (b.	0
| style="text-align:center;"| 6 || || Kas-Campagnolo || align=right| +14' 50"	0
No modern governor general has disallowed a bill, though provincial lieutenant governors have.	0
There are currently 45 known breeds of rabbits.	1
Fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent's Fall 1965 Mondrian collection featured shift dresses in blocks of primary color with black bordering, inspired by Mondrian.	0
If you're 18 years old, you have about 3,300 weekends left in your lifetime -- You also only have about 57 summers left.	1
More than 100 prey species were recorded.	0
The people in China were not aware of this color until they had an interaction with the western culture.	1
After bananas a zoo gorilla's favorite food is celery	1
A gold medal in field hockey and a bronze medal in wrestling.	0
She was held there under horrific conditions until 11 September when she was abruptly transferred to Dachau concentration camp with fellow agents Eliane Plewman, Yolande Beekman and Noor Inayat Khan.	0
Geoff Bodine and Rusty Wallace battled on and off throughout the 500, but Bill Elliott ran both down in the final 20 laps; Bodine spun out of second with 15 to go, then with seven to go Wallace skidded through the Tunnel Turn and Elliott took the win, tying him with Richmond for most wins at Pocono.	0
The day after Thanksgiving is called “Brown Friday” by plumbers in America because it is their busiest day of the year.	1
Listed by name, with corresponding NFL football team.	0
The Department of Education is administered by the United States Secretary of Education.	0
In the CDP the population was spread out with 30.4% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older.	0
The Maadi Cup gained its native timber pyramid shaped base from Mt Albert Grammar's woodwork master, Jack Jenkin, in 1951.	0
Playboy has been publishing braille versions of their magazines since 1970, however no pictorial representations are included.	1
Further tracks from the same sessions (and not included on the remastered CD) are "Motoreyes" (from the 20 Years box) and "Crew Nights", "The Curse", "Commons Brawl", "No Step", "Drive on the Young Side of Life" and "Lights Out" from the outtakes album Nightcap.	0
Meg lives in Quahog, Rhode Island with her family.	1
New York: Simon & Schuster, 1999.	0
Chocolate producers worldwide use around 20% of the world’s peanut crops and 40% of all almonds grown.	1
On the 22nd February 1922, the date read 2/22/22 and was the date Ulysses by James Joyce was published in Paris.	1
Caranday is monoecious, a feature common to the conifers but rare in angiosperms.	0
Muscles contract (bunch up) to move the bone attached at the joint.	0
While going to this Ivy League university, she graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in English literature in 2014.	1
Muhammad Ali’s quote “Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee” was actually by his trainer, Drew Bundini Brown.	1
A crow is actually a songbird and it has a complex system of calls.	1
A sunset on Mars is blue.	1
In 1915, Bruce went to Gallipoli, in command of the 1st Battalion the 6th Gurkha Rifles.	0
Grape growing is the largest food industry in the world as there are more than 60 species and 8000 varieties of grapes.	1
The 2J competed in the Can-Am series and qualified at least 2 seconds quicker than the next fastest car, but was not a success, because it was plagued with mechanical problems.	0
A car-rental company in Paris ordered 1,500 cars in 1905 as a result of a new invention that automatically calculated how much the passenger had to pay.	0
Frequency of a history and clinical findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in childhood, their relationship to lung function and determination of reference values for the ventilation and distribution parameters on Pneumotestgerät.	0
Relegation, a successful promotion, and then again relegation has left the Salgaocar faithfully shattered.	0
The least financially successful Harry Potter film made $90 million more than the most successful Twilight movie.	1
The small “You Are Here” sticker that indicates your position on a map has a name- it’s called an ideo locator!	1
Anna and Ashley Hoelck as Martha Little	0
Queen termites can live up to 50 years	1
During that time, she appeared regularly on the country music show "TV Ranch" on WAGA-TV in Atlanta; she was so short, the host would lower a stand microphone as low as it would go and stand her up on a wooden crate to reach it.	0
New York: The American-Scandinavian Foundation; London: H. Milford, Oxford University Press.	0
Even if they had determined that the samples contained gold, however, it was not payable gold.	0
The cattle have relatively small heads and bone and are naturally polled.	1
On 15th November 1964, a man named Jack Weinberg coined the phrase, “Don’t trust anyone over 30”.	1
There are numerous modern applications of fire.	0
Chris Redfield debuted in the original Resident Evil as one of the playable protagonists, along with Jill Valentine, partnered with the rookie officer Rebecca Chambers.	0
By 1944 the specific full power fuel consumption had increased to 0.8 lb per shp and boiler maintenance was becoming increasingly difficult.	0
Marshal Poniatowski, who had the task to envelope the Russians and strike Bagration's rear with his cavalry corps was also defeated by Tuchkov's 3rd Infantry Corps.	0
Ariana first went to a concert in summer 2011; it was to see Katy Perry.	1
Lavery, Brian (2003) The Ship of the Line – Volume 1: The development of the battlefleet 1650–1850.	0
Justin once held up a sign from his hotel room window saying “Go to McDonald’s and get me a Big Mac”.	1
Hans Hartung (21 September 1904 - 7 December 1989) was a German-French painter, known for his gestural abstract style.	0
The most dangerous job in the US (in terms of fatalities) is a logger.	1
In addition, infrastructure, health services and village level institutions like the savings and credit groups, user groups and village development boards have also been supported by this funding.	0
During the 1960s, various philosophers such as Donald Davidson, Hilary Putnam, and Fodor tried to resolve the puzzle of developing a way to preserve the explanatory efficacy of mental causation and so-called "folk psychology" while adhering to a materialist vision of the world which did not violate the "generality of physics".	0
File:Henri Matisse, 1917, Portrait de famille (The Music Lesson), oil on canvas, 245.1 x 210.8 cm, Barnes Foundation.jpg|Portrait de famille (The Music Lesson), 1917, oil on canvas, 245.1 x 210.8 cm, Barnes Foundation	0
While most people think of him as an actor, Neil Patrick Harris is also a writer, producer, comedian, singer, and even amateur magician!	1
Conversely, as shown in Figures 3 and 4, an isolated value in the time domain corresponds to a smooth wave in the frequency domain.	0
Albertson's LLC has concentrated on rebuilding market share and its store base in its strongest areas, and divesting stores and other property in its weaker areas.	0
Domingo Quiñones, singer of salsa music	0
Xuanzang wrote the Great Tang Records on the Western Regions, an account of his journey to India, which later inspired Wu Cheng&apos;en's Ming Dynasty novel Journey to the West, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.	0
The movie also featured covers of Hiatt songs by Bonnie Raitt and Don Henley.	0
The Kushans founded the Kushan Empire, which was to prosper for several centuries.	0
In 2008, Skarsgård joined the cast of HBO series True Blood as vampire, Eric Northman.	1
Damian Rzeszowski: Transferred from Jersey for killing 6 people including 3 children	0
Originally designed to act as Dr. Curien’s personal Bodyguard, he appears as an armored Humanoid mutation wielding a bardiche.	0
She runs to the basement in search of the cellar door leading outside, and finds a bed and other human necessities, evidence that someone else has been living there, possibly squatters.	0
Jessie collaborated with James Morrison on his single, ‘Up’.	1
Harry has passed his driving test.	1
The former capital, Annúminas, became depopulated and fell into ruin.	0
The official route of the Pan-American Highway through Mexico (where it is known as the Inter-American Highway) starts at Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas (opposite Laredo, Texas) and goes south to Mexico City along Mexican Federal Highway 85.	0
independent as Columbia Pictures Entertainment (or Columbia/Tri-Star), 1987–1989 (divested by Coca-Cola; Coke's entertainment business sold to Tri-Star and takes 49% in CPE)	0
Holding objects in front of your body indicates shyness and resistance, separating yourself from others!	1
The most liked photo on Instagram is a post by Kylie Jenner of her newborn daughter – this photo clocks in at over 17.9 million likes.	1
Whales have been hunted for their meat, bones and for medicinal purposes.	1
Heifers are also often used for beef, especially those that are not suitable to be used in a breeding herd.	0
Pol Espargaró (born 1991), Grand Prix motorcycle racer	0
In April 2002, Bishop Jerry Mazur of Eastern Siberia was stripped of his visa, forcing the appointment of a new bishop for that diocese.	0
Pieterburen is also the start of the Pieterpad, a long-distance hiking trail to Sint Pieter in the extreme south of the Netherlands	0
When he was a teenager, Bradshaw returned with his family, including his two brothers, Gary and Craig Bradshaw, to Shreveport, where he attended Woodlawn High School and led the Knights to the 1965 AAA High School Championship game.	0
The rings of Saturn are made of chunks of rock and ice.	1
The other half was deployed east of Bắc Ninh on the Trung Sơn and Đáp Cầu heights, protecting the southern approaches to Bắc Ninh and covering the vital river crossings to Thái Nguyên and Lạng Sơn at Phú Cẩm and Đáp Cầu.	0
After the municipal council voted against rezoning, a new zoning plan was thus legislated by the ministry and Frogn Municipal Council lost further ability to participate in the planning.	0
The Famicom Titler was the most technologically ambitious project that Sharp had attempted with the Famicom system.	0
Dolphins are mammals, just like human beings, but they are referred to as cetaceans.	1
Since December 2009, with the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, the European Union as a whole has taken on the role and obligations the European Community previously exercised.	0
Basketball at the 1974 Asian Games: 3rd place.	0
In 1923, the sheet music for ‘Yes, We Have No Bananas' sold 1,000 copies a day.	1
Li's teachings repeatedly emphasize the emptiness of material pursuits; although practitioners of Falun Gong are not encouraged to leave their jobs or eschew money, they are expected to give up the psychological attachments to these things.	0
When it comes to other armadillos who can’t roll up, they will run or dig a hole in order to escape.	1
In 7 months, 2.4 million pounds of gold was transported from Mount Alexander to nearby capital cities.	0
Most countries have additional regulations to control which parts of each band are available for civilian or military use.	0
Since September 19, 2011, the station has operated as a full-time simulcast of sister station WMAL, one of the oldest surviving AM stations in the Washington, D.C. market.	0
Lamb has since been charged with assault.	0
In April 2012, Malik got a new tattoo on his left collarbone which translates to “be true to who you are.”	1
While working on the new album the musicians played a few gigs in the Buenos Aires area.	0
Orange sections around the edge of an F1 track indicate there's a fire martial available.	1
After Washington in 1754 led an expedition that ambushed a Canadian party, Saint-Pierre was in the party sent from Fort Duquesne that defeated Washington at Fort Necessity.	0
Afterwards, the following night for unknown reasons the four girls are drawn by butterflies that gather them to the same place, as if they have been summoned by something which they cannot explain.	0
Hick and Donald Broadbent, who focused on topics such as thinking, memory and attention.	0
Pigeons are more accurate than radiologists at spotting cancer in mammography images.	1
to a more significant position in the history of that movement.	0
The belly is white, checkered with black, or almost entirely back.	0
On 1 June, she returned to California.	0
Banana plants can grow as high as 6 meters (20 feet) tall	1
Roeper called the film "a disaster" and "one of the worst movies I've ever seen".	0
Druk Air used to be the only airline operating flights in Bhutan, however now it is serviced by Buddha Air as well.	0
Garlic is known to attract leeches.	1
Link wears three suits: green, red and blue.	1
This can be done using revenue multipliers or capitalization rates applied to a Net Operating Income (NOI).	0
He rents room 204, although he does not actually live there.	0
From Illinois, Norwegian pioneers followed the general spread of population northwestward into Wisconsin.	0
He has a twin brother called Kumar.	1
Hsieh was born to parents Hsieh Tze-lung and Ho Fom-ju in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	0
In a thrilling finish, Woods outlasted John Daly, when Daly missed a short par putt on the third hole of a sudden-death playoff.	0
Her propulsion system consisted of two sets of Marine steam turbines driving two propellers.	0
By thus pointing out these problematic dualisms, Maimon and the neo-Humean critics left a foothold open for skepticism within the framework of Kant’s own philosophy.	0
These roller coasters are very intense, and generally carry taller height restrictions than other rides.	0
Turtles (sung in "I'm Scared for Daddy" and "Go for the Gold")	0
A long list of software, including Autodesk's Softimage and Maya, Side Effects' Houdini and The Foundry's Nuke, and the creation of a multitude of in-house tools, programs and techniques was required for the shots delivered.	0
During the explorations by Custer, gold was discovered in a quartz vein on the slopes of Eldorado Peak.	0
At the same time, many laws and policies promoting segregation or desegregation recur across multiple national contexts.	0
The bat is the only mammal that can fly.	1
Algerian Cup runner-up in 2006 with USM Alger	0
By now the villagers had mainly been evacuated, and extensive ranges of RAF buildings had sprung up.	0
Undertaking the perilous journey into the Sudan alone, he strikes up an alliance with Abou Fatma (Djimon Hounsou), a wise mercenary warrior.	0
The Indian Forester first published in 1875.	0
And conversely, when momentum (and thus wavelength) is relatively well defined, the wave looks long and sinusoidal, and therefore it has a very ill-defined position.	0
Hal Jordan was unable to use his abilities against anything that was yellow.	1
During WW2, the Japanese slaughtered as many as 30 million Filipinos, Malays, Vietnamese, Cambodians, Indonesians and Burmese.	1
The surface area of your lungs is roughly the same size as a tennis court	1
1929 - Michael Atiyah, English-Lebanese mathematician and academic	0
The latter was filmed, but deleted from the release print (it is included on the DVD version of the film).	0
[23] They are equally adept surviving in some of the world's most humid rainforests and even semi-arid desert edges.	0
Misspelling names or words that are popular in the media in a given week, to suggest an alternate meaning	0
Give something back to the Earth on March 12th – because it’s officially known as “Plant a Flower Day”.	1
Dylan Dauzat is 21 years old, his birthday is on 2nd November 1997, making his astrological sign Scorpio.	1
The Russian Mafia shows up and takes however many cows you have.	1
John Wooten built a general store next to the railroad on the site of present-day Bessemer City and called the store and depot "Wooten's Station".	0
The most important crop is beans, while other important products are onions and rice.	0
In the game, Joshua's goal is to avenge and solve the mystery of his brother's death, a goal he can only achieve by making a name for himself as a shadowrunner.	0
The ultimate group wasn’t finalized until 2013.	1
Saint Ignatius&apos; College, Riverview, Jesuit boarding school in Sydney, Australia	0
The secretions are often proteins and may act as enzymes that digest some form of food in the environment.	0
This piece was most popular among Ernst's audience everywhere where he played, and it became his signature.	0
The following day, Johnson is interrogated by Detective Superintendent Cartwright (Trevor Howard), and during the long interrogation flashbacks show the events during the night when Johnson killed Baxter.	0
Egg masses sometimes occur in the intertidal along the European coast.	0
The Complete Plays of Henry James.	0
San Leandro LINKS is a bus service known as the link shuttle	0
In this very difficult to access terrain it is found to be not so rare.	0
Though receding at present, Italian once had an epenthetic if a consonant preceded such clusters, so that 'in Switzerland' was in Svizzera.	0
The set list featured songs from all the Jamiroquai albums except for Dynamite as well as a brand new song titled "Rock Dust Light Star".	0
Some species of butterflies drink blood coming from open wounds of other animals.	1
Ogg, Frederick Austin, The Governments of Europe, MacMillan Company, 1920.	0
They presented their idea in an article in a 1940 publication of Popular Mechanics.	0
These statistical models have become essential tools of modern arbitrage pricing theory and practice.	0
At birth, baby kangaroos are only about an inch long – no bigger than a large water bug or a queen bee.	1
Before X Factor, Zayn had never been on a plane.	1
She has appeared in such films as the 1998 version of The Parent Trap, Bruce Almighty, Shall We Dance, and War of the Worlds.	0
In Spanish, pineapples are called piña – which you’ve probably heard of in reference to the piña colada drink.	1
On 3 June 1403 her coronation as Queen of Navarre took place in Pamplona.	0
The three ghost children – A trio of children who were previously victims of the Other Mother: two girls and one boy.	0
In the wild, the lifespan of giant pandas is around 20 years!	1
This announcement triggered the June Democracy Movement, a series of large pro-democracy rallies across the country.	0
In the pre-Columbia era, possible dinosaur fossils were ground and mixed with chocolate.	1
At the January 2010 Consumer Electronic Show in Las Vegas, Sezmi CEO Buno Pati and president Phil Wiser showed a set-top box with a one-terabyte hard drive which could be used for video on demand services previously offered through cable TV or broadband.	0
The King's Plate (or Queen's Plate) was a major race run between 1634 and 1765.	0
Some sites report that around 15% of a man’s daily requirements of calories would come from a single peanut butter and jelly sandwich when consumed.	1
Smooth snakes, found elsewhere in the UK are absent, and grass snakes are rarely reported.	0
He caught 6 passes for 48 yards and a touchdown in a 29-26 win against the Minnesota Vikings.	0
Blue is the favoured colour choice for toothbrushes.	1
The SC-19 have been described as being based on a modified DF-21 ballistic missile or its commercial derivative, the KT-2 with a Kinetic Kill Vehicle and is fully mobile.	0
A popular American acronym is “TGIF,” which means “Thank God It’s Friday.”	1
But it is known later that they had abducted, tortured and killed the wrong convict.	0
As the need for trained transport pilots grew during 1943, officials in Washington decided to beef up the training program at Homestead.	0
More people are killed from bees than snakes	1
(French Prize Carbet from the Caribbean and Tout-Monde 2012, and the French award of the insular book 2012)	0
Paradinas and Nathan studied architecture together in London 1991–94 on the same campus with Aphex Twin.	0
On 12th September 2013, Essex launched two fragrances, Fusey aftershave for men and My Girl perfume for women.	1
1986BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role Bob Hoskins	0
On average, people gain 0.8lb (0.36kg) in weight over the Christmas period.	1
Program notes for the Orchestre de Paris about all of Mahler's orchestral works (1971–88).	0
Its natural habitats are rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.	0
In 1912, Olympic gold medals were entirely made from gold but modern medals contain only 6 grams of gold.	1
He attended the California Institute of the Arts, studying character animation.	1
This is the list of 18 players named for the 2015 World Championship Play-off against Sweden.	0
He passed and his family gathered the funds to send him to MIT for one year.	0
Prescott then served in the West Indies and became Governor of Martinique in 1794.	0
On Easter Sunday, the dawn celebration depicting the Resurrection of Christ, called "Sabet", is a scene to behold.	0
Wolves live in packs of up to 20.	1
Donald Duck‘s middle name is “Fauntleroy”.	1
The chemical symbol for gold is Au, from the Latin word aurum meaning "shining dawn" and from Aurora, the Roman goddess of the dawn.	1
"Stink Fest Brings Big Crowds to the Huntington's West End".	0
In total these weapons represented 22.7% of the displacement.	0
People are more likely to date somebody “out of their league” if they knew the person much longer beforehand.	1
Live at Madison Square Garden 1972	0
By 1507 their numbers had shrunk to 60,000.	0
2012 Women&apos;s Junior European Volleyball Championship -	0
The leopard has an exceptionally large range, occurring throughout Africa and Asia.	1
They write, compose and sing their own lyrics and music which sound powerful with a strong, melodic impact.	0
He enjoyed watching the Twilight Saga and pretended to be Edward Cullen for a night after watching New Moon.	1
Van Beers said that he wanted to paint what he saw and what were the best and most interesting things that one saw in Paris but her women?	0
Also the time of establishment can not be arbitrary.	0
At the time it was thought by Polyglot that we needed 'new blood' to produce us in a different way.	0
In "Alone", Man-Bat is recruited by Katana alongside Metamorpho and Oracle to help Batman in his final battle against Deathstroke.	0
The study of flags is called vexillology.	1
The total number of mechanical engineering jobs in 2009 was projected to grow 6% over the next decade, with average starting salaries being $58,800 with a bachelor's degree.	0
It is considered the first significant step in the process leading to the political and religious legitimization of Protestantism as a valid alternative Christian creed to Roman Catholicism finally realized in the 1552 Peace of Passau and the 1555 Peace of Augsburg.	0
Traditionally, map makers add a few made-up roads so they can tell if competitors have copied their map.	1
Most difficult of all is the case of an overlap in meaning that does not catch all the of each word—for instance, the French demande simply means a 'request', which is similar to a 'demand' in English and 'demandar' in Spanish but carries significant differences, as well.	0
Further, premature births account for 9.6 percent of total births and for 28 percent of newborn deaths.	0
Rick C-137 was offered a place on the Council which he refused, thinking them to be “Rick-sheep.”	1
We are more creative in the night and least creative in the afternoon!	1
The people who smile, laugh and joke around the most are usually the unhappiest.	1
Bobcats make similar, albeit smaller, scrapes.	0
His reasons for doing so are outlined in the first volume of his Undersökningar i germanisk mythologi (1882).	0
The harp is the official symbol of Ireland, making it the only country in the world with an instrument as it’s national symbol.	1
Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.	1
Edna St. Vincent Millay wrote a poem after the executions titled "Justice Denied In Massachusetts".	0
One of the most prominent challenges territorial Hawaii had to face was race relations.	0
Donald Sutherland as President Stone, the ruthless President of Metro City who is running for re-election who serves as the film's main antagonist.	0
Jacob Sartorius has been diagnosed with asthma, he had an asthma attack live on YouNow in December 2016.	1
If Joey had to choose between fake tan and white teeth, he’d choose white teeth.	1
Genii is likely to merge the Renault Driver Development programme with its own Gravity Sport Management company, which manages drivers such as Ho-Pin Tung, who tested for the Renault team in 2009, as well as Christian Vietoris.	0
Urban Gothic (1 episode, "Turn On", 2000) .... Jane	0
Hughes tied a game against the Dutch national team with a 9th-inning sacrifice fly.	0
The artist died on May 21, 1957, at Hotel Astoria in Leningrad.	0
-- Firearm barrel, shroud, frame, and cylinder construction 1967-02-14 Lewis, Karl R. (US)	0
An investigation was conducted by the audit firm Technologia at the request of France Télécom’s management.	0
In The Rickshank Rickdemption, there are a few frames in The Citadel of Ricks where you can see two Morty twins in the background, a boy and a girl dressed in the same clothes as the two main character twins in Gravity Falls.	1
The stylistic similarities of "Fighter" to her song "Army of Me" from her 2012 album Lotus would later lead Aguilera to compare the two and consider "Army of Me" as a genuine sequel, describing it as "Fighter 2.0".	0
River has helped to promote a campaign called “Mirror Messages” as part of dosomething.org – it is a sort of spin-off of #NotesfromShawn.	1
Chocolate sales in 2014 were $21.1 billion.	1
Hendrickson, Robert Encyclopedia of Word and Phrase Origins.	0
Long-term follow-up of the Malmo randomized trial of mammography found a persistent excess of 115 breast cancers in the screened group 15 years after the trial was completed (a 10% rate of overdiagnosis).	0
Although the nostrils on the prion are on top of the upper bill.	0
↑ See When poverty forces poverty, ed.	0
His favorite colors are black and neon green – specifically neon!	1
In the late 1960s, the Astronomy Committee of the UK's Science Research Council (SRC, the forerunner of STFC) considered the importance of astronomical observations at submillimetre and millimetre wavelengths.	0
More than 100 prey species were recorded.	0
Neonella camillae Edwards, 2002 — USA	0
In this context, she has also called for the removal from Russian airwaves of the satirical cartoon South Park.	0
As the local name 'spring messenger' suggests, lesser celandine is one of the first flowers of the year.	1
The park extends over a stretch of the coastline, and exhibits a wide variety of flora and fauna.	0
Turkey wasn’t always the Christmas-go-to, England’s traditional meal of choice was actually a pig’s head and mustard.	1
The Riviera is often chosen as a shooting location due to its history and recognition as a landmark.	0
The institution of promagistracies developed because the Romans found it inconvenient to continue adding ordinary magistracies to administer their newly acquired overseas possessions.	0
Rick’s surname, Sanchez, only makes one appearance in an episode title in the episode Big Trouble In Little Sanchez in Season 2.	1
Kylo Ren is the main villain in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, portrayed by Adam Driver.	1
This phenomenon does not allow for the Congolese to have a balanced and sustained development.	0
Francis Hutcheson - A System of Moral Philosophy	0
In Orfeo cantando... tolse..., ten lyric actions based on text freely taken by Poliziano’s Orfeo (1994), the beauty and the musicality of Poliziano’s verses, their expressive strength and their sound, the lyric aura surrounding their words, determine the musical form, and an idea of dramaturgy which is totally internal to the music and to the spatiality it created.	0
After being sent toward the Moon by the Saturn V's upper stage, the astronauts separated the spacecraft from it and traveled for three days until they entered into lunar orbit.	0
Twelve Nidanas - the chain of endless suffering of which the sense bases are the fifth link	0
He defended a doctoral thesis "Aperçu Medical de I'lle de Mayotte" at Montpellier University School of Medicine in 1858, using the data collected during his year-and-a-half stay on Mayotte.	0
The buildings are a mixture of mills, workers' housing, and structures associated with the mill communities.	0
Employees of both companies, through their unions, tried to set up a cooperative to take control of the companies.	0
In earlier times, they had different names that are now forgotten and only the names of the three towns known in manuscript sources may be identified at the present ruins.	0
(= Landauer Schriften zur Kommunikations- und Kulturwissenschaft.	0
The New Illustrated Encyclopedia of Automobiles.	0
A lid clasp (as opposed to a magnetic latching system), DisplayPort video out (as opposed to HDMI), and support for legacy standards are all results of the requirements of the business market.	0
As with any contagious disease, handwashing is a simple and effective tool.	0
The Episcopal church continues to be active today.	0
The Spiritual Espousals and other works.	0
Six steerage passengers were killed outright on board Britannic and another six were later found to be missing having been washed overboard.	0
Organizations using standard pallets for loading and unloading can have much lower costs for handling and storage, with faster material movement than businesses that do not.	0
Determining what was acceptable redevelopment was critical if a final lease agreement was to be signed.	0
The complete trilogy is: Call the Midwife (2002), Shadows of the Workhouse (2005) and Farewell to the East End (2009).	1
There were 26–42 cougars estimated after wolf establishment (1998–2005).	1
The pair were nicknamed "Bert" and "Ernie", after characters from the Sesame Street TV show.	0
During the period when he was director, it became known as the Athenée Théâtre Louis-Jouvet.	0
These groups—dedicated to academia, politics, sports and recreation, diversity awareness, and community service—are a large part of student life at Albion College.	0
He was Minister President of Baden-Württemberg from 1966 to 1978 and as such also chaired the Bundesrat in 1973/74.	0
Lothrop Withington (1856–1915), American genealogist, historian, and book editor, killed in the sinking of the RMS Lusitania	0
A person who stays up for 24 hours straight enters a state of almost being drunk, after staying awake for an entire day you’re reaction levels are as if your blood alcohol is 0.1% which is above the drink drive limit.	1
Chew Avenue in Philadelphia was named in his honor, as was Chew Street in Allentown, Pennsylvania.	0
In 1422, Portugal became the last Catholic country to adopt the Anno Domini system.	0
On 20th April 2015, Cameron Dallas released his first single called ‘She Bad’.	1
On 18 July French and American divisions, cooperating with a large number of tanks, started a major offensive, the Battle of Soissons, in which for the first time since 1914 Entente forces on the Western Front succeeded in making substantial progress, reducing the entire German salient created in the Third Battle of the Aisne.	0
Her full name (since her marriage to rapper Jay-Z) is Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter, and she was born on 4th September, 1981, in Houston, Texas.	1
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	0
Mississippi elected the first African American to serve in the U.S. Congress already in 1870.	1
Fast forward to February 2014, when Marge encourages Bart and Lisa to join in the Valentine's Day festivities of making cards for everyone in the class.	0
The failure of the Arabs before Constantinople coincided with the increased activity of the Mardaites, a Christian group living in the mountains of Syria that resisted Muslim control and raided the lowlands.	0
In 1961 additional non-religious subjects were added to its curriculum.	0
He is well known for using harmonics and improvising them in songs during live performances, such as in Deep Purple's "Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming".	0
King Henry VIII gambled and played dice.	1
At the time of the test, these associations are compared, and a response to the CS occurs only if the CS-US association is stronger than the context-US association.	0
Ad-Dabbah Airport (IATA airport code), Ad-Dabbah, Sudan	0
There is a celebration of this dialect French language every year in Saint Lucia – it is called “celebration of the language”.	1
It has been a domesticated bird for over 2,000 years.	1
In April 2006 Gertler's DGI took a major stake in DEM Mining.	0
The T-34A commenced service as USAF's initial primary flight trainer at "contract" pilot training air bases across the southern United States, replacing extant North American AT-6 Texan trainers.	0
There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.	1
Only by satisfying or thwarting that purpose, by forwarding or baffling that interest.	0
Originally, the channel's news programme was 2W News & Sport, launching with the channel.	0
In Australia, most movie premiers are often held on a Thursday.	1
In the same year, it also broke the record of the Sony PlayStation, by having more than 200,000 orders placed in advance!	1
Over the years, nail polish has included some pretty bizarre ingredients, including formaldehyde, beeswax, and gelatin.	1
40% of human race didn’t survive beyond it’s first birthday!	1
She has a sister and two older brothers, including Per Hoiby, chief executive of PR agency First House.	0
If he wasn’t a politician, he said that he would like to be an architect.	1
She is surrounded by complaining grown ups (her children) and a mother that tells her she has not been capable of keeping her family together.	0
Cuthbert wanted to be a footballer if he wasn’t a singer.	1
PLA troops entered on August 6, 1949.	0
Sobasina solomonensis Wanless, 1978 — Solomon Islands	0
Kanti Bajpai, Former Professor of International Relations, Wolfson College, Oxford	0
All gambling in Portugal is subject to a concession by the State.	0
City just failed to make the playoffs in Tinnion's first season as manager, finishing seventh, and he stepped down in September 2005 after a poor start to the season culminating in a 7–1 defeat at the hands of Swansea City.	0
Former Boston Red Sox catcher Doug Mirabelli was born in Kingman.	0
Pierre Cathala – Minister of Finance and National Economy	0
Denise (computer chip), a video graphics chip from the Amiga computer	0
184 people were killed from the planes hitting the Pentagon, including the passengers and hijackers.	1
According to a research, owning a cat can reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes by more than a third!	1
With toenail-like crampons...the arduous two-inch ascent from fluid to resting place took more than an hour.” Once rescued the ants ripped the cockroach apart and ate it.	0
Member of the peace delegation of 1919 in Versailles as technical advisor	0
A gas is usually converted to a plasma in one of two ways, either from a huge voltage difference between two points, or by exposing it to extremely high temperatures.	0
He studied laws and worked for the administration, Kisfaludy Társaság (1873) and Borsszem Jankó.	0
Bruce Wayne and his sidekick were accused of having a more than friends relationship by psychiatrist Dr. Frederic Wertham in the 1950’s, who believed the two were romantically involved.	1
Bald eagles, hawks and peregrine falcons have been seen on the mountain.	0
Sébastien Haller (born 22 June 1994 in Ris Orangis) is a French footballer who plays for French club Auxerre in Ligue 2.	0
She went to Moore College of Art and Design, after a year she dropped out.	1
A yearly pilgrimage to the IJzertoren is still held to this day.	0
Noah starred in the Netflix original movie, “To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before.” After it was released, he gained about 1 million Instagram followers in only 24 hours.	1
Molvi Jamal ud din, Dabzai Harifal was a prominent political figure of JUI, who was murdered in the prime of his youth.	0
Hilton was the first international hotel chain	1
A Static Lullaby ended a tour with bands such as Vanna, Asking Alexandria, Motionless in White and Tides of Man for the Blaze of Glory tour.	0
Due to his scientific activity he received several honours, being appointed a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences in 1996.	0
The Athenian fleet, bolstered by 55 ships from allied cities, met a Spartan fleet of 120 ships under Callicratidas at the Arginusae islands, just south of Lesbos.	0
Ed Sheeran has a ketchup bottle tattooed on his arm.	1
But an ASIC spokeswoman disclaimed the existence of a "Corporate Guideline Act".	0
They changed name from the Rungsted Cobras to the Nordsjælland Cobras in 2004, but they are still based in Rungsted.	0
However, I. S. Bindra, chairman of the Monitoring Committee of the Asian bid, said that their promise of extra profits of around US$400 million had been decisive, that there "was no quid pro quo for their support", and that playing the West Indies had "nothing to do with the World Cup bid".	0
Knowing that Captain Zach cannot save him without sacrificing the air supply of the others, Mr Jefferson chooses to die by oxygen starvation, rather than suffer "death by Ood".	0
They both enjoy writing with Diet Coke’s by their side.	1
The film was the second highest-grossing film of 1977.	0
Nevertheless, they are seen to be semi-observant.	0
"Cinema" rose rapidly to prominence, appearing at number 1 on the US Billboard Dance Airplay Chart and number 1 in the UK Club Chart.	0
Legend has it that the construction of the entire complex lasted only three years, but other sources such as Josephus say that it took far longer, although the Temple itself may have taken that long.	0
His father who was a railway mail clerk moved to Washington DC and joined the Government Printing House there.	0
One Direction finished third on the seventh series of UK’s X Factor.	1
In 2009, an old ledger book filled with formulas and recipes was discovered by Bill Waters while shopping at an antiques stores in the Texas Panhandle.	0
In April 1937, his weekly Independent India appeared and was welcomed by progressive leaders like Bose and Nehru, unlike Gandhi, and the staunch Communists who accused Roy of deviation.	0
Rhodes Reason in the half-hour ABC-TV series, Bronco (1958, 1 episode)	0
If you don't do wild things while you're young, You'll have nothing to smile about when you're old.	1
Similarity transformations applied to some astrophysical plasmas.	0
With the exception of a few organs, caterpillars liquefy almost completely while undergoing metamorphosis.	1
Caterpillar College of Engineering and Technology	0
He set up the pole of níð in the cliff-face and left it standing; he faced the horse's eyes on the land, and he carved runes upon the pole, and said all the formal words of the curse.	0
Lionel Morgan, former Australian rugby league international	0
America consumes almost 50% of the world’s chocolate.	1
Faculty partnered with agriculture interests to create today's $3 billion a year wine grape business while the Apple Genome Project draws collaboration from scientists worldwide to map the apple genome, research aimed at supporting the apple industry.	0
In Urdu nazar; nazar lagna means to be afflicted by the evil eye.	0
The Temple of Bel ( ) is an ancient stone ruin located in Palmyra, Syria.	0
Labourers rebuilt and preserved sections of sandbagged trench wall, on both the Canadian and German sides of the Grange crater group, in concrete.	0
The second volume in Tarkington's Growth trilogy, it contrasted the decline of the "old money" Amberson dynasty with the rise of "new money" industrial tycoons in the years between the American Civil War and World War I.	0
Herefords will stand out in the arctic snows of Finland, endure the heat of Northern Transvaal, withstand the tough climate and rough grazing of northern Uruguay or the sub-tropical zones of Brazil and continue to thrive.	0
Some of the issues covered in the 2001 Ravens season include:	0
Saturday is the day in which elections usually take place in Australia.	1
Despite his injuries and suffering, Litten strove to maintain his spirits.	0
Ihor Leonov (interim) (6 Oct 2011 – 29 May 2012)	0
File:KobzaOfVeresai.jpg|Modern fretless kobza of Veresay-type made by Mykola Budnyk (1994)	0
Brown recluses are known for their flesh rotting bite, but… there are some cases where the spider doesn’t have a chance to release a lot of venom and the victim only experiences mild skin irritation.	1
We also followed the risky course of starting to shoot with a screenplay that wasn't completed.	0
The cost of operating even an expensive Level D Full Flight Simulator is many times less than if the training was to be on the aircraft itself and a cost ratio of some 1:40 has been reported for Level D simulator training compared to the cost of training in a real Boeing 747 aircraft.	0
A public dock is near the marina.	0
The wheel of joy is commonly depicted at the central hub of the dharmachakra, where its three or four swirls may represent the Three Jewels and victory over the three poisons, or the Four Noble Truths and the four directions.	0
Showroom of Olivetti, St. Mark's Square, Venice, Italy, 1957–1958	0
There are enough diamonds in existence to give every human on this planet a cupful!	1
Currently living in the United States, he has been the first president of the Society of Albanian-American Writers, established in 2001 and has published several books of poetry, prose, and literary criticism.	0
Tornado IDS (Interdictor/strike), a version of the Panavia Tornado combat aircraft	0
Accordingly some community councils established since 1975 have the term "Royal Burgh" incorporated in their title.	0
The largest whale in the world was the blue whale at 30 metres and over 180 tonnes, whereas the smallest was the pygmy sperm whale at 3.5m.	1
CD4+ Th (T helper) cells: activate and regulate T and B cells	0
Sibila Vargas - weekday morning/midday anchor (2010 - 2013, now with WNBC)	0
| Win ||14-3-1|| align=left| Marco Antonio Avendano	0
The group hit the Billboard Hot 100 in 2016 with their single ‘Work From Home’, their first top 10 single on that chart.	1
The October social turmoil of 1905 found Bunin in Yalta, Crimea, from where he moved back to Odessa.	0
He has over 600,000 Twitter followers and 150,000 Facebook fans!	1
Dogs make 10 different sounds, while cats can make as many as 100 different noises.	1
In May 1794, Gazan became a battalion commander of the new 54th Demi-Brigade.	0
For a while in the early 2000s, Frosted and Coco Shreddies were advertised as "too tasty for geeks."	0
Bach: Cantatas BWV 202 · 82a · 199, Dominique Debart, Ensemble Instrumental de Basse Normandie, Teresa Żylis-Gara, Rudolphe 1986	0
Their lack of streaking and greenish backs helps to distinguish this species from the larger blackpoll warbler in the fall.	0
Irishman Eddie Irvine was blamed for starting a massive accident which saw Jos Verstappen barrel roll over the top of Martin Brundle.	0
The relaunch failed to attract more viewers in Australia.	0
Jose Antonio Huelga (pitcher) known as El Heroe de Cartagena (The Hero of Cartagena)	0
Joe attacked the Constructicons merged to form Devastator and killed Hound.	0
Element 98 was created for the first time by a team of physicists at the University of California at Berkeley.	0
Aaron knew he wanted to be an actor in 8th grade after taking theater.	1
To avoid the need for locomotives to make the round trip from Paddington just to be turned, coaled and watered, a small maintenance facility for locomotives was constructed on the southern side of the line, directly opposite Royal Oak station, which occupied part of the site of Westbourne Lodge and its grounds.	0
In 2006, Shaffer was loaned on a one-year deal from Racing Club de Avellaneda to IFK Göteborg to replace the departing Oscar Wendt, who moved to FC Copenhagen.	0
Bowie was cast as the alien, Thomas Jerome Newton in the film adaptation, The Man Who Fell to Earth in 1976.	1
SS-Freiwilligen-Panzergrenadier-Regiment "General Seyffardt" however was split up into two groups.	0
At the age of 17, he joined the United States Marines, although quit shortly after.	1
"Cougar Attacks on Humans: A Case Report".	0
Similarly, the subject relative is formed by adding the initial vowel to the verb (because a main verb is a predicate.	0
The German soldiers had small Christmas trees and candles in their trenches, which they put outside in order to add to the festive atmosphere created by the truce.	1
There, he conducted several of his works and met the eminent violin virtuoso Eugène Ysaÿe, who commissioned a violin sonata from him.	0
Kalos is one of the towns in the Pokémon world where eating Slowbro or Slowpoke tail is not frowned upon.	1
Ahern currently lives comfortably in Blackrock near Dundalk with his wife and their two children.	0
Janusz Pyciak-Peciak &mdash; 5520 points (→ Gold Medal)	0
A group of penguins are called colonies or rookery.	1
On YouTube, Jacob has over 2 million subscribers, while over on Instagram, there are over 7.5 million people following him, as of 2017.	1
Mytilopsis leucophaeata is a species of small bivalve mollusc in the false mussel family, Dreissenidae.	0
1833: The John Bull is one of a few locomotives operating on the newly completed Camden and Amboy Railroad.	0
The Second Version of TouchWiz was improved with hardware acceleration.	0
Virgin Cola is a carbonated cola soft drink produced by Silver Spring and part of the Virgin Group.	0
the craft of a house painter and decorator	0
The 9/11 attack has been the largest loss of life in a foreign attack on American soil – higher than even Pearl Harbor.	1
specific season and area closures during spawning;	0
This was repeatedly bombed at various points along its length.	0
These machines generate in synchronization with the network frequency, but operate asynchronously (independent of the network frequency) as motor-pumps.	0
It has five retractable claws on its forepaws (one a dewclaw) and four on its hind paws.	0
Hoboken is part of the New Jersey Gold Coast.	0
Constantine departed on 5 October 710.	0
Alaska is the state which produces the most serial killers.	1
"All Hell Breaks Loose Part 1" and "All Hell Breaks Loose Part 2"	0
The series's final episode aired on June 13, 2009.	0
He has won two Scream Awards; ‘Best Actor in a Horror Movie or TV Show’ (2009, True Blood), and ‘Holy Sh*t Scene of the Year’ (2010, True Blood).	1
Dylan Thomas, the world renowned poet and writer of ‘Under the Milk Wood’, was born in Wales in 1914 – but with a name like Dylan you may have guessed that!	1
The resort opened on April 15, 1983, as a single theme park (Tokyo Disneyland), but developed into a resort with two theme parks, three Disney hotels, six non-Disney hotels, and a shopping complex.	0
With a height of 3.5 feet (1.1 meters) and a wing span of 7.5 feet (2.3 meters), the average male bald eagle is one of the largest birds around.	1
After being asked by a flight attendant to turn off his cell phone during take-off of a US Airways flight from New York to Washington D.C. on December 13, 2009, Schumer called the flight attendant a "bitch."	0
India is the second largest consumer of gold in the world.	1
A serious side effect of the Mount St. Helens 1980 eruption has been the downstream movement of enormous amounts of sediment through the North Fork Toutle River.	0
Courtship begins when a roaming female in heat makes	0
Almonds are a member of the peach family.	1
Connor Ball fell off the stage at Taylor Swift‘s London O2 Arena show, although his arm was in a sling, he didn’t break anything and he did see the funny side to it!	1
The first Christmas was supposedly held in York, UK in 521AD.	1
River studied child psychology at Willow International City College.	1
The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.	1
There are many plants which are poisonous for cats, although parsley, sage and other herbs are among a cat’s favourite foods.	1
Iseult of Ireland (as Isolde) was played by Sophia Myles in the 2006 film adaptation, Tristan & Isolde.	0
Studies show that people who sleep with multiple pillows are often lonely and depressed!	1
If you want to speed up the ripening of a pineapple, so that you can eat it faster, then you can do it by standing it upside down (on the leafy end).	1
The Laurier Library holds more than 965,000 print items, more than 240,000 electronic books, more than 25,000 full text electronic journals and databases, thousands of media titles (about 5000 including streaming and DVDs).	0
Mark Twain called The Book of Mormon "Chloroform in Print".	1
Hoover also served for many years as the official starter of the Unlimited-class races at the Reno Air Races.	0
17 SeptemberMoscow, Russia - Clay (i) Gothenburg, Sweden - Carpet (i)Semifinals winners 3–2 4–1Semifinals losers bgcolor="#ededed"|	0
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to La Condamine.	0
Appasaheb Birnale College of Architecture, Sangli	0
She first appears in the episode "Wheels", where she unsuccessfully tries out for a spot on the cheerleading team.	0
is one of the largest potentially hazardous asteroids (PHA) discovered.	0
Wyszyna, Myślibórz County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)	0
In its east is the river Bayerische Schwarzach with the villages Waldhäuser and Schwarzach and the mill Neumühle and the village Charlottenthal.	0
James N. Davidson: Courtesans and Fishcakes: The Consuming Passions of Classical Athens.	0
All babies are colour blind when they are born!	1
“A memorial inscription added to the monument to Henry Fawcett in Westminster Abbey in 1932 asserts that she ‘won citizenship for women’”.	0
He ruled for a short period.	0
Musicians who have performed at OAH have included Ellis Marsalis, John Mooney, James Andrews, Jeremy Davenport, Mary Gauthier, Honey Island Swamp Band, Zachary Richard, Helen Gillet, and many more.	0
The Nazis attempted to teach dogs to talk and read, but of course, they never succeeded.	1
Tourists often try to visit Roseau Valley, a location which boasts 21 different types of rum.	1
Wright shot most of his film on a single soundstage at Shepperton Studios in a dilapidated theatre outside London.	0
The album, produced by Patti, featured a wide assortment of musicians to recreate the 50's and 60's sound of the originals, including Alex Balanescu on violin, Bob Andrews on piano, The Only Ones John Perry and others on guitar, and a horn section.	0
The word 'taxi' is spelled the same in English, German, French, Swedish, and Portuguese	1
Emperor of Japan: Meiji and His World, 1852-1912.	0
But Khan's lawyers said their client's interrogations had been taped more recently than that.	0
Miss Christine's First Conversation With the Plaster Casters Of Chicago (0:57)	0
The team was briefly known as the Kingston Raiders in 1988–89, and as the Frontenacs ever since.	0
Pidgeot is the only Pokémon with a base stat total of 469.	1
Historic maps of Maysville in the at the University of Missouri	0
He then hears a voice telling him that his friends are waiting for him at the barricade.	0
Nearby, there is the unique site known as the "Children's Necropolis", dating to the mid-5th century AD.	0
There are more than 87,000 drink combinations on the Starbucks menu!	1
"Cougar Attacks on Humans: A Case Report".	0
25DownhillMont St. Anne, QCCanadaMarch 3, 1984	0
The hall is home to The Hallé orchestra, the UK's oldest extant symphony orchestra, and is the primary concert venue for the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra.	0
The oldest a seal can age is up to 30 years.	1
Becky is also on Snapchat, you can add Aaron’s mum here: Beckylynnwynn.	1
The merged stitches need not be from the same row; for example, a tuck can be formed by knitting stitches together from two different rows, producing a raised horizontal welt on the fabric.	0
More than 75% of all countries are north of the equator	1
His mother Peggy claimed Bowie got his love of theatre and talent for singing from the Burns’ family (her family).	1
CLAMS – Clear lane marking system (US)	0
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.	1
Zayn’s X Factor serial number was #165616.	1
Back in 1873 this dearth of underground wealth was yet to be decided.	0
Uranus is the 7th planet away from the Sun, and by diameter, is the third largest.	1
Queen wrote the soundtrack to the 1980 film “Flash Gordon,” which included the single “Flash.”	1
‘Beat Again’ was at the number one spot for two weeks in the UK.	1
22 – RW Rick Tocchet (Philadelphia Flyers)	0
Mary Magdalene Church.png| Mary Magdalene Church of the city Perm	0
The other three described species of Draculoides also occur in Australia.	0
The TDU server structure consisted of 11 individual machines working together.	0
In May 2012 The Cult appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live!	0
In Kedrovaya Pad Nature Reserve roe deer is their main prey year-round, but they also prey on young Asian black bear if less than two years old.	0
Thomas Lee (1690–1750) and Hannah Harrison Ludwell (1701–1750).	0
The fear of cooking is known as Mageirocophobia and is a recognized phobia.	1
The two meet again when she sees him at an opera while surveying the crowd from a balcony and puts herself in his path in the lobby, and they start seeing each other again.	0
The damage had been done, and the reunion ended that night.	0
Phoenix is the world's most Googled university.	1
In Slovakia it was headed by Milan Čič and it was established on 12 December 1989 and disbanded on 26 June 1990.	0
Paul Signac and Color in Neo-Impressionism.	0
1983: Special Bulletin – Marshall Herskovitz & Edward Zwick	0
The Troika (Kuala Lumpur), Malaysia (2004-2011)	0
Phoenix (1983) &mdash; South African response to mass SWAPO infiltration of South-West Africa	0
Since then, he left them as they were not much fun.	0
The least financially successful Harry Potter film made approximately $90 million more than the most successful Twilight movie.	1
He currently plays for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League.	0
It is about Joachim Mahlke, an alienated only child without a father.	0
The hind legs of squirrels are double-jointed, which gives them the ability to run up and down trees very quickly.	1
At the time of Worth’s death, the books sold over one million copies.	1
Around 2001, the V70 was supported by newlib.	0
In 2018, Coca-Cola Korea brought on BTS as campaign models.	1
Songs for Silverman is an album by Ben Folds, first released on April 26, 2005, by Epic Records in the United States.	0
Although the capture of Turin, Piedmont's capital, was not possible due to lack of infantry and supply, Catinat took Avigliana on 29 May, before sending a large corps under Feuquières and Bulonde to besiege Cuneo on the Stura in southern Piedmont.	0
DTPA has been considered for treatment of radioactive materials such as plutonium, americium, and other actinides.	0
Using the Army Force Generation process (ARFORGEN), FORSCOM tailors the resources and training of its units to meet the specific and constantly changing requirements of combatant commanders and, when directed, of U.S. civil authorities.	0
They are significant aid donors and big markets for exports from the other countries.	0
Due to the Dreamcast’s features, that were ahead of its time, it is still held in high regard, and many of the new modern consoles that have online play have a lot to thank the Sega Dreamcast for.	1
Brown’s fifth album is called Fortune, and was released on 3rd July 2012.	1
Reviews of the series were generally positive, with ‘addictive writing’ and the portrayal of violence.	1
He was born in Middlesbrough, United Kingdom.	1
He had a son who was also a privateer, Jacques Collaert the Younger, and was the father-in-law of the later English Vice-Admiral Edward Spragge.	0
Varberg Fortress (Varbergs fästning) is a former fortification in Varberg, Halland County, Sweden .	0
This book includes scales, scales in thirds, arpeggios, arpeggios on the dominant seventh chord in all major and minor keys.	0
It’s assumed that the destruction was a protest against America’s support of Israel, its participation in the Persian Gulf War, and ongoing military occupation in the Middle East.	1
Jingle Bell Jazz, (Columbia LP CS 8693, issued October 17, 1962, reissued as Harmony KH-32529 on September 28, 1973 with one substitution; The Harmony issue was reissued as Columbia Jazz Odyssey Stereo LP PC 36803), a collection of a dozen jazz Christmas songs by different performers, includes "Deck Us All with Boston Charlie" recorded on 4 May 1961 by Lambert, Hendricks, &amp; Ross with the Ike Isaacs Trio.	0
With Jean Ponce, and Martial Hebert (eds.	0
Average hatchling carapace length is about and width is also about .	0
She also co-starred alongside Dean Cain, Jennifer Tilly, and Tim Curry in the Canadian comedy Bailey&apos;s Billion$.	0
She has a fondness for Liverpool Football Club.	1
It continues to host Tibetan students in the UK.	0
A newborn kangaroo is about 1 inch in tall	1
The most expensive domain name ever sold was cars.com for an astonishing $872.3 million.	1
In 2001, the tournament was moved to Viña del Mar.	0
Twix sponsored the ITV Chart Show during the early 1990s.	0
Noob Saibot is playable in Shaolin Monks in the Versus mode if both players select Sub-Zero; the last player to select him will play as a variation of Noob Saibot.	0
It was also the only games console that provided the facility to surf the Internet and send e-mails!	1
His guitar was the best Christmas present he ever received.	1
The first concert he went to was a Bon Jovi concert with his father.	1
Kangaskhan are born with a baby already in their pouch, the baby Kangaskhan is not a separate Pokémon.	1
is a bouncer from England and a master of stick fighting derived from the combination of Eskrima and Singlestick.	0
Georgia Groome as Farmer's Daughter 1	0
On February 17, 2010, in a game against the Milwaukee Bucks, Battier scored 20 points, shooting 6–6 from 3-point territory, to go along with his 10 rebounds.	0
In 2007, he made a pilot for his own series entitled Derek and Simon: The Show.	1
Jean Bayard (October 23, 1897 - March 11, 1995) was a French rugby union player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	0
Gaga claims she avoids cocaine but admits the occasional cigarette and ecstasy trip.	1
The average annual precipitation is , with over two-thirds of it falling from June to August.	0
"Orbay, François d'" in Turner 1998, vol.	0
Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects 90% of the sunlight, making it more reflective than snow.	1
Whales are descended from the Artiodactyl species of dinosaurs, which were land livers.	1
In the Thai solar calendar of Thailand, ourple is the color associated with the day Saturday.	1
An unusual feature of the telephone network was that in most cases, direct distance dialing for long distance calls was not possible.	0
Tetricus would then surrender during the battle.	0
White hairs begin to appear at or shortly after birth and become progressively lighter as the horse ages.	0
Chaytor decided to force a crossing at the river mouth with diversionary attacks at the other three crossings.	0
The old populations who lived here before the Romans, the so-called Ligures, left a number of traces in many places of Orba valley but especially in Rocca Grimalda: the river has always had gold in its sand and during the Roman times, a town was built in the plain under the hill in order to exploit this resource: old documents report about this centre, called Rondinaria, which was a wealthy little town in the middle of thick forests and had likely some sort of defence structure, probably on Rocca Grimalda's hill, which still dominates the whole plain around and the valley’s entrance.	0
King has won over 50 awards for his novels – his first was the 1978 American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults with ‘Salem’s Lot.	1
I don't know what the hell he got a hold of, man, but it just whacked him.	0
Services provide employment for 2% of the population.	0
One is exemplified by the gentiles' knowledge of God (what can be known by natural reason) and the other, those things that can only be known in the light of Christian revelation.	0
Link Aggregation (Initially created as 802.3ad-2000)	0
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.	0
The three most popular pastas’ are: penne, spaghetti and macaroni.	1
Singh played a unique role in the unfolding cataclysm.	0
Rhynchotus maculicollis, also known as waypu (Quechua, other spellings guaipo, huaipo, guaypo, waypo, a name which is also applied for other Tinamidae species, however; also (erroneously) huayco tinamou), is a species of bird found on grassy mountain ridges in the Andes of Bolivia and Argentina.	0
The Philippines consists of 7,641 islands.	1
A Low Down Dirty Shame (1994) (writer and director)	0
In 9 August, only $45 million in aid had been committed, which is far less than usual for this scale of disaster.	0
He may bring out any number of cards up to three and including zero as long as exactly one meld is created that includes the drawn card.	0
The Fly – Chris Walas, Stephan Dupuis	0
One effort to standardize the term was the 1966 German Deutsches Institut für Normung (DIN) standard DIN 45500.	0
There was still resistance to open-mindedness among the clergy who ran the university.	0
The Crimson Sunrise - Dream Theater (second and fourth notes) The Entertainer (big interval after pick-up) Because (The Beatles song)	0
In April 2006, Johnson was rewarded for this success with the 2006 NBA Coach of the Year Award.	0
But this time his tears were tears of joy.	0
The usual Las Vegas experience can be summed up by the ubiquitous phrase, “what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas”, which is now used in a variety of situations demanding secrecy.	1
Marvin’s birthday is 18th March 1985.	1
During the First World War this name, meaning in French Germany, became inconvenient and embarrassing for the inhabitants (unlike those of Allemagne-en-Provence in Southern France).	0
The CAAC includes several thousand artworks, featuring sculptures, drawings, photographs, installations and videos, by over 80 artists, living and working in sub-Saharan African countries.	0
Highly ECM resistant front end and command link with redundant encoding	0
July 2, 2012: acquired Sigrity, a Leader in High-Speed PCB and IC Packaging Analysis	0
When a leopard stalks prey, it keeps a low profile and slinks close to the ground.	0
The c-word has just been added to the Oxford English Dictionary.	1
Obama is also home to Hosshinji, a working Zen monastery.	0
1956 - Razor Shines, American baseball player, manager, and coach	0
There is evidence to suggest that the consonant cluster mb remained distinct in Cumbric later than the time it was assimilated to mm in Welsh, Cornish, and Breton.	0
The Bog Copper is the smallest U.S. copper.	0
Paul Reubens hired Burton to direct Pee-Wee’s Big Adventure in 1985.	1
Located from the center of Paris, the town is situated between the Parc de Saint-Cloud and the Forest of Fausses-Reposes.	0
July 3rd is International Plastic Bag Free Day – it’s a day about making a little change to make a big impact (for the better) in the future.	1
Annuario economico del calcio italiano (An Economic Yearbook of Italian Football; co-authored with Alberto Scherillo, Milan, Baldini e Castoldi (1995)	0
Best Actress Critics' Award - Aishwarya Rai	0
Marvin had a picture of Cheryl Cole on his wall when he was younger and when his girlfriend came round he’d hide it in the wardrobe!	1
A supernova only burns brightly for about 3 weeks.	1
Fifteen actors who failed to produce their papers were asked to leave the United States until they could obtain entrance under the immigration quotas.	0
Dr. Marlow was the town's first physician and a very prominent citizen of Marlow.	0
Also in Southeast Alaska, but not in the Tongass National Forest, are the Glacier Bay Wilderness and a small part of the Wrangell-Saint Elias Wilderness, which are both administered by the National Park Service.	0
Gregory Nemitz’s firm Orbital Development issued NASA a $20 parking ticket after saying asteroid 433 Eros belonged to them and NASA’s craft NEAR Shoemaker had landed without permission.	1
2013 – Won, 3rd AACTA Awards: Best Film & Best Direction & Best Adapted Screenplay for The Great Gatsby	0
Using the Steam-based dedicated server (only on Windows)	0
The first girl attacked in the movie "Jaws" was screaming in real pain - The harness broke her hip as it dragged her through the water.	1
They married in 1697 and in 1698 Johann Wilhelm offered Van der Neer the position at his court as head painter.	0
Within the early 21st century, China CITIC bank has grown to become a rising national bank with a solid competitive edge.	0
José Augusto Brandão (April 21, 1911 - July 20, 1989) was an association football midfielder.	0
The princess failed to provide the expected heir to the throne: her two pregnancies, in 1804 and 1805, ended in miscarriages.	0
1933 - Tete Montoliu, Spanish pianist (d. 1997)	0
The confraternities carry artistic pasos created by important Spanish artists such as Luis Salvador Carmona, Alejandro Carnicero or Mariano Benlliure.	0
Jon Snow’s night-time chase towards the end of season one lead to a stunt-woman needing eight stitches after the set’s generators crashed and she ran into a tree.	1
In the first two Hyperion books, it exists solely in the area around the Time Tombs on the planet Hyperion.	0
The museum offers looks at starting materials for Jell-O, such as sturgeon bladder and calves' hooves, and various molds.	0
On April 11, 2014, it was announced that season 2 will be released on August 26, 2014.	0
"The Future for Less" - 9:07	0
Darrell Fitton (21st century), electronic musician	0
Tomarimbando - Festival de Percussão de Tomar	0
First Nation of Nacho Nyak Dun as well as residents of Mayo live 60 km away from the mill plant.	0
In Canada, ramps are considered rare delicacies.	1
In office, he raised dues 25% and pushed workers to perform "volunteer" hours to assist in providing a "building fund".	0
C27A V6 SOHC 24 valve PGM-FI2,675cc / 87.0×75.0at 6,000 rpmat 4,500 rpm	0
4218: Jackie McLean - Action Action Action (9/16/64)	0
He then later sold his half to the WRU who in the summer of 2004 decided to liquidate the club.	0
Färjestad BK – HC Lugano – 0:3 (0:1; 0:1; 0:1)	0
d. The seven National Natural Landmarks at least partly within current state parks (with the park name in parentheses, if different) are: Cook Forest, Ferncliff Peninsula (Ohiopyle), the Glens Natural Area (Ricketts Glen), Hickory Run Boulder Field (Hickory Run), McConnells Mill, the Pine Creek Gorge (includes Colton Point and Leonard Harrison), and Presque Isle.	0
Marten Cedergran - vocals on "Home from Home"	0
In 1878 the Russians compelled a settlement of the conflict on appeal by the Serbs.	0
With this power, model pyramids are said to preserve foods, In this self-published French-language booklet Bovis off-handedly ascribes the discovery of pyramid power to armchair reasoning and to mystical experiments in Europe using a dowsing pendulum:	0
After capturing prisoners of war, he ordered his soldiers to march the prisoners along the riversides and crammed them into cages that were tied along the river banks.	0
Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today’s gorillas.	1
Total prize money for the event was £5,048,450.	0
The Relative ID Master is one role of the Flexible single master operation for assigning RID.	0
The lotus bud resembles the shape of a tear-drop with pointy tip and tightly packed petals.	0
Over time a large number of City God positions in the Underworld were created by official decrees, along with accompanying temples and images in the world of the living.	0
Locomotion requires energy to overcome friction, drag, inertia, and gravity, though in many circumstances some of these factors are negligible.	0
Opponents of the minimum wage claim it has these effects:	0
A typical hurricane produces the energy equivalent of 8,000 one megaton bombs!	1
After Byzantium, Sparta was eager to end her involvement in the war.	0
A recent poll conclude that the most memorable movie line of all time is "I'll be back" from The Terminator.	1
πᾶσα γραφὴ θεόπνευστος καὶ ὠφέλιμος πρὸς διδασκαλίαν, πρὸς ἐλεγμόν, πρὸς ἐπανόρθωσιν, πρὸς παιδείαν τὴν ἐν δικαιοσύνῃ, ἵνα ἄρτιος ᾖ ὁ τοῦ θεοῦ ἄνθρωπος, πρὸς πᾶν ἔργον ἀγαθὸν ἐξηρτισμένος.	0
Before Suga was introduced to hip-hop, Suga only listened to Classical music.	1
Pregnant women of 35 years or older are offered prenatal diagnosis because the chance of chromosomal aneuploidy increases as the mother's age increases.	0
Panthers are usually quiet, but they do communicate through vocalizations that have been described as chirps, peeps, whistles, purrs, moans, screams, growls, and hisses.	1
Sahlin, N.-E. (1990), The Philosophy of F. P. Ramsey, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge	0
Retrieved 14 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
Beneath its outer fur, the skin of a giant panda is white where the fur is black and pink where the fur is white !	1
Order decomposition details the rules for decomposing a Sales Order into multiple work orders or service orders.	0
The last body was Martha Beardsly in 1938.	0
Chamoisee - (shamwahzay) brown or bay - characteristic markings are black face, dorsal stripe, feet and legs and sometimes a martingale running over the withers and down to the chest.	0
In the original Psycho movie, the blood in the famous shower scene was actually chocolate syrup.	1
Zoidberg has a doctorate in art history.	1
There is an island called “Just Enough Room”, where there’s just enough room for a tree and a house.	1
The monks' dormitory became the long gallery of the mansion and the latrine block became several grand chambers.	0
György Lukács (1885-1971) Hungarian Marxist philosopher and literary critic.	0
Solar irradiance is about 0.9 W/m 2 brighter during solar maximum than during solar minimum.	0
There are now as many internet users in China as there are people in Europe.	1
Phonophobia – fear of loud sounds	0
On 4th October 2013, Little Mix announced on YouTube that their second album would be called Salute.	1
Most major league players start off their careers by working their way up the minor league system, from the lowest (Rookie) to the highest (AAA) classification, with the rare exceptions usually being those players signed from Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	0
http://www.pro-football-reference.com – Large online database of NFL data and statistics	0
In March 2006, Beyoncé accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	1
Dracula was favoured above Mary Shelley, Edgar Allan Poe and Emily Brontë.	1
A rat can last longer without water than a camel!	1
Many Skverer ḥasidim (of the Skverer Rebbe in New Square) wear their peyos identical to those of the Skverer Rebbe.	0
The tallest wind turbine in the world has rotor tips that reach over 200 meters above the ground!	1
He built the latter partly on land purchased from his friend and associate Andrew Anderson and partly on the bed of Maria Sanchez Creek, which Flagler had filled with the archaeological remains of the original Fort Mose.	0
Amoy and Shanghai would be the last stops before reaching Japan.	0
For a regular horse, their top speed is approximately 27 miles per hour, although the fastest horse ever recorded could reach 55 miles per hour!	1
Grup Yorum is a Turkish band known for their political songwriting.	0
Some prayer wheels are powered by electric motors.	0
They are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons).	0
They’ve also supported Britney Spears in Manchester.	1
Before Thráin II, the Dwarf king and father of Thorin Oakenshield, died, he gave Gandalf the map and key to the Lonely Mountain.	1
Alexander Golitzen Jack Otterson Russell A. Gausman Ira S. Webb	0
The zebra is actually mostly covered in white and striped with black or dark brown stripes, but underneath their coat is black skin.	1
In general, tithes are to be paid for every thing that yields an annual increase, as corn, hay, fruit, cattle, poultry, and the like; but not for any thing that is of the substance of the earth, or is not of annual increase, as stone, lime, chalk, and the like; nor for creatures that are of a wild nature, or ferrae naturae, as deer, hawks, &c. whose increase, so as to profit the owner, is not annual, but casual.	0
In "Cartman&apos;s Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut" (1998), Liane Cartman claims to be a hermaphrodite when she also claims to be the father of Cartman and that she did not know the woman who gave birth to Cartman.	0
New-born babies are colour-blind, and men are more predisposed to colour-blindness than women.	1
This allows for more complex animations that are less "shaky" than the models found in Quake II.	0
USS Tigerfish (SSN 509) - United States nuclear submarine from Ice Station Zebra.	0
‘Black Magic‘ was the Biggest UK pre-order in 2015.	1
At age 21, she smashed her from tooth out in an inebriated dancing accident.	1
See the Wikipedia article on the Ishapore 2A1 rifle for further details.	0
Special units do not possess stats beyond the normal unit but may have varying abilities.	0
The original name of Bank of America was Bank of Italy	1
We just got lucky that we'd found our way to an excellent engineer who knew the company."	0
In 2010, he autographed and auctioned his personal belongings in “Bajen Aid” to raise money for Hammarby football club.	1
If the winds are strong enough, the Statue can sway three inches, while her torch can sway about six inches.	1
Gil dominated with his return game, breaking the Spaniard six times, winning 66 per cent of his return points to clinch the upset in 57 minutes.	0
Reach For The Top (quiz show)	0
Although eagles can live up to 70 years, this isn’t always the case and they normally become weaker towards the end of their lives, unable to hunt as they used to.	1
Zapdos and Jolteon have very similar names in Japanese: Zapdos is ã‚µãƒ³ãƒ€ãƒ¼ (Thunder), while Jolteon is ã‚µãƒ³ãƒ€ãƒ¼ã‚¹ (Thunders).	1
Irish missionaries such as Saint Columba brought Christianity to Pictish Scotland.	0
Johnny was born on 30th April, 1975 in Bree, Belgium.	1
Mountain Dew was originally made to be mixed with whiskey.	1
Niall didn’t take his t-shirt off in the ‘What Makes You Beautiful’ video because he didn’t think he was slim enough.	1
Food Not Bombs is dedicated to nonviolence.	0
Jorge Mondragón (born 1962), Mexican diver	0
Nevertheless, their offices required purchase (between 500,000 and 900.,000 livres), and this fee usually included a certificate, or "brevet de retenue", permitting reimbursement in the case of demission.	0
1 Including 1 match in Ukrainian Super Cup	0
The creation of Chewbacca was inspired by George Lucas, when he saw his dog sitting up on the passenger seat of his car.	1
After September 11th, The Department of Homeland Security was created to prevent further terrorist attacks.	1
Subsequently, the character appears briefly in the Doctor Who series four series finale Journey's End (2008), wherein K-9 and Mr Smith assist the Doctor in returning Earth to its proper position.	0
Both eyes have a blind spot on the back of the retina where the optic nerve attaches, however you won’t notice this, due to the way eyes work together to fill gaps in your vision.	1
Gestation ranges from 23 to 26 days.	0
Impacts and the early environment and evolution of the terrestrial planets, in Levy, H.J.	0
Some first-order theories are algorithmically decidable; examples of this include Presburger arithmetic, real closed fields and static type systems of many programming languages.	0
Lemon oil is used in unsealed rosewood fingerboards of stringed instruments.	1
A thimbleful of a neutron star would weigh over 100 million!	1
All the elements were here for the arrival of hardcore.	0
1 Mighty Jets were forced to withdraw as they could not afford the cost of travel to Zaire for the first leg.	0
Clarke later wrote the short story "The Curse", which takes place in a post-apocalyptic Stratford-upon-Avon.	0
The terminus was located at the Pacific Coast Highway, then US 101 Alternate and now State Route 1, in Santa Monica, California.	0
Nazi swastika symbols originally meant "Life is good" in Sanskrit.	1
I've been making prison fitness records for as long as I can remember.	0
Over 65 million copies have been sold worldwide.	1
It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Potworów.	0
The book has sold over one million copies worldwide.	1
This would be modeled as both threads invoking the lock operation, then both threads receiving a response, one successful, one not.	0
Kyp takes the Sun Crusher into the Maw to destroy it.	0
Because Lynch was elected as somewhat of a "compromise candidate" it appeared to many that he would only remain as an interim Taoiseach.	0
The 'Managed Retreat' option, involving no protection, is cheap and expedient.	0
The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male (4,083) and 51.9% female (4,399).	0
In the whole solar system, our home planet is the only one not named after a God!	1
Small crustaceans, rotifers, and protozoans are also commonly found in fresh water and the sea, but insect larvae, oligochaetes and tardigrades are peculiar to freshwater aufwuchs faunas.	0
On 11th June 2014, Calum got a tattoo on his left bicep of a tribal design.	1
Lorna Crozier, The Garden Going on Without Us	0
In 2011, Essex released his first single entitled Reem, however, the song didn’t chart in the UK.	1
Kolab 2.2.3 was released, further enhancing functionality, stability and scalability of the Kolab 2.2 branch.	0
The funeral was held on 10 March; he was buried in the south aisle of Westminster Abbey.	0
A female dingo will eat the droppings of her offspring – disgusting!	1
#NashsNewVideo often trends on Twitter – mainly when he uploads a new video.	1
Former IJA General Kuniaki Koiso became Prime Minister on 22 July.	0
Under the reign of Count Philipp III, the Reformation slowly took hold in the County of Hanau-Lichtenberg from 1525 onwards.	0
Der Standard is a paper from which the foreign media readily quote when an opinion from the Austrian press is required.	0
The Bandits were a last-place team both years Glencross played, but he was among the AJHL's leading goalscorers in 2001–02 with 42 goals.	0
Early life and road to power	0
He is currently playing with the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).	0
On December 16, 2008, three days after being non-tendered by the Royals, Gathright signed a one-year deal with the Chicago Cubs.	0
Fifth Harmony is made up of five women, Normani Kordei Hamilton, Ally Brooke Hernandez (goes by the name Ally Brooke), Camila Cabello, Dinah Jane, and Lauren Jauregui.	1
Leopards have been observed walking 1–25 km (0.62–15.53 mi) across their range at night; they may even wander up to 75 km (47 mi) if disturbed.	0
Visible external differences from Chieftain Mk.5 included a sloping rear hull, Removal of the Searchlight from the left turret area and storage baskets refitted, water channel removed from around drivers hatch on the glacis plate, modified light clusters also on the glacis plate, Larger sight housing on commanders cupola.	0
The CD is called The King in Yellow.	0
The role of Gandalf was offered to Sean Connery, but he didn’t understand the script after reading it and turned it down.	1
The most abundant metal in the Earth's crust is aluminum	1
"Tango El Amal" by Nour el Houda — 3:10	0
She continued, “A lot of times there are things we can do to prevent accidents just by knowing a cow’s natural behavior.”	0
PewDiePie states that his religious beliefs fall under the ‘agnostic atheist’ ideology.	1
Ingesting cupric oxide powder can result in a metallic taste, nausea, vomiting and stomach pain.	0
In 1999, Luciano Pavarotti, the most famous of the Three Tenors, was invited to grace the opening of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.	1
They did, but in music, not fashion.	0
Photocopying, a process which makes paper copies of documents and other visual images	0
He was coach of the Great Old from 1949 to 1953, with the former goalkeeper for the club, Richard Gedopt.	0
The Castle of Xavier is the target of a massive pilgrimage in early March, in honor of the patron saint of Navarre.	0
His mother, Jolinda, strengthened her ties with Christianity in 2001 after years of drug abuse and dealing.	0
With a fairly large wingspan around 4.9 feet (1.5 meters) and it’s large feathers, the peacock is one of the largest flying birds on earth.	1
Following her second collaboration with Dreyfuss, in Once Around, Hunter garnered critical attention for her work in two 1993 films, resulting in her being nominated for two Academy Awards the same year: Hunter's performance in The Firm won her a nomination as Best Supporting Actress, while her portrayal of a Scottish woman entangled in an adulterous affair with Harvey Keitel in Jane Campion's The Piano won her the Best Actress award.	0
And yet, would any Christian assert that in Paul's view the Old Testament was the final and complete word of God to man?	0
#3 is an album by Suburban Kids with Biblical Names, released on October 18, 2005 by Labrador Records.	0
1945: The Medal for Freedom with bronze Palm (USA),	0
The Motto of Barbados is “Pride and Industry”.	1
The game features league play in which the player's team competes in the standings and can sign free agents to augment his team or replace killed players.	0
Becky has taken it upon herself to document her rise to stardom by writing a weekly post for ABCUnivision.	1
They started on 18 April, and everyone was back to base camp by 28 May.	0
The Maine-Anjou is one of the highest marbling of the continental breeds.	0
The children were also mentioned, but not their number, by other witnesses.	0
First World Cup stage, where he competed, was 4×10 relay in Gaellivare in 2004, however he competed only in two races this season.	0
same year, 1895, Brewer Baptist Church ministered by A.	0
Wesley knew she wanted to be an actress when she was 7.	1
Dairy cows consume approximately 3 gallons of water for every gallon of milk production and prefer to drink slightly warm water as opposed to cold ground water.	0
Very important are the Six Sonatas for Harpsichord published in Rome in 1727.	0
People were first amazed by her voice when she sang ‘Rise’ by Gabrielle at school.	1
India’s national board game “Pachisi” actually means “25” in Hindi.	1
Bankhead Primary School, Bankhead Road, Rutherglen, G73 2BQ	0
The second season premiered January 8, 2012, with Hampton remaining part of the main cast.	0
Appeared in the 1991 NBA Finals against the Chicago Bulls and averaged 12.1 ppg, 7.5 rpg and 2.4 apg in 121 career NBA Playoff games	0
Although arguably not as a big a market for Queen, in the U.S. by 2004, they had already sold a staggering 34.5 million albums.	1
Of the seven papers described as recantations by the defense, Moore found that only one was wholly credible and two were partly credible.	0
The Sihltal Zürich Uetliberg Bahn has two lines with different electification.	0
In his last films his civil commitment was less present.	0
The first integrated high school state tournament in Georgia history was played there before record overflow crowds in 1967.	0
2012–13 Bosnia and Herzegovina Football Cup	0
2005 : An analysis of New Biological Nomenclature.	0
The Germans appointed him superintendent of the city's public parks as well.	0
A rat can tread water for 3 days	1
He gave all the artwork to the Russian state, where it is housed in the Konstantinovsky Palace near St. Petersburg.	0
All the people on Earth could fit into a 1 km cube	1
The song playing in the background of Justin’s first kiss was How to Save A Life by The Fray and Bieber said it was “magical”.	1
1968 Mexico: Fourth with 8,12 m behind Bob Beamon with 8,90 m, Klaus Beer (GDR) with 8,19 m and Ralph Boston with 8,16 m.	0
Third, Kansas Speedway's first race of the season was moved from June to April, while its second race became the sixth race of the Chase for the Sprint Cup, after switching race dates with Talladega Superspeedway's Good Sam Roadside Assistance 500.	0
He was travelling throughout Canada by the mid-1980s, appearing at festivals, concerts and clubs, either as a solo artist or with a trio: Skip Bey, Bernard Primeau, and Archie Alleyne.	0
Although it would be to his advantage to reach a deal on an exchange of preferences with the NFP, competition for support from Indian voters, particularly in the sugar cane growing areas, where FLP and NFP endorse rival unions, has made this very unlikely.	0
Dvds are physically the same size as a CDs but can store 13 times more data	1
The first race was held on 30 April 1967. but the most remembered is the one held in 1969.	0
Samuel L. Jackson starred in the adaptation of Herbert’s novel Fluke (1995).	1
Perry announced the tour on November 18, 2013 via Twitter.	0
In his last year of studies he become interested in mathematical modeling of biological systems, in particular mental illness, which he sought to model with the help of a computer (cybernetic machine in the terminology used in the Soviet Union).	0
Lord Dufferin Junior and Senior Public School, Toronto	0
Selena had her first kiss when she was 12 years old with Dylan Sprouse.	1
It publishes two journals: Faunus, which reprints rare Machen articles and criticism of his work, and Machenalia.	0
2005 African Under-17 Championship - Withdrew	0
It also focuses on the struggles that these young men must go through everyday as well such as police harassment and their families.	0
Compared to either of the previous approaches, directly executing a process definition can be more straightforward and therefore easier to improve.	0
It served as a courthouse up to 1865, and again from 1875 until 1939, when the courts moved to a purpose-built Supreme Court Building on St. Andrew's Road.	0
When compared with beta-agonists, atosiban increased the proportion of women undelivered by 48 hours and was more safer compared to beta-agonists.	0
The state court ruled in September 2011 that the university was correct in revoking his doctorate.	0
Donald Trump owns and operates around 18 golf courses around the world.	1
After its removal, James rewrote and extended her story, making it an original trilogy.	1
Their healthy traits help them to resist common bovine diseases, and common problems in cattle like bloat or ticks are rare in the Brangus cattle.	0
Tolkien was a devout Roman Catholic.	1
A huge open sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and Ainslee is killed by cannon fire.	0
The original design of this work, which he began to prepare while living at Derby, was to facilitate the discovery of valuable minerals beneath the Earth's surface.	0
Secondly, in one episode, Chuck and Nancy become trapped in the mythical land of Neverwas, and even Shazzan can not break through the land's magic barrier without knowing its secret.	0
Amathophobia is the fear of dust	1
This is equivalent to stating that the genes are not linked, so that the two genes do not tend to sort together during meiosis.	0
It was announced on 3 January 2011 that Pic would drive for Tech 1 Racing in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series alongside Kevin Korjus.	0
Hood (Thunderbirds), fictional character in the Thunderbirds TV series	0
About 500 gallons of blood need to pass through the udder to produce one gallon of milk.	0
In 2012, there were over 160 babies named "Khaleesi" in the United States - inspired by the Game of Thrones TV show.	1
There are over 100 different viruses that cause the common cold	1
The Eiffel Tower is 324 metres high.	1
Batman is displeased, as he wants Dick to go through the same things he did, whether Dick likes it or not.	0
In the Hebrew Bible El (Hebrew: אל) appears very occasionally alone (e.g.	0
The ad executive behind the Nike slogan "Just do it" got the idea from the final words of condemned murderer Gary Gilmore.	1
A sham marriage of this type, known as the lavender marriage, may thus create the appearance of heterosexuality.	0
Although studies suggested that cats didn’t enjoy being stroked by humans, further research has proven that they do in fact like it.	1
Physicals (all around the world): DL: Sold inside cellphone:	0
This is a list of mosques in the United States of America.	0
Monopoly was created by the Parker Brothers and is subtitled as ‘The Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game’.	1
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result	0
Its condition contrasts with the vast majority of castles in the country which are ruinous and unfit for habitation.	0
The CCRB and its acronym FADO (for the first letter of the allegations it investigates) has permeated all ranks of the NYPD and is part of all officers' training at the Police Academy.	0
In 1867, a trade treaty was signed between Britain and France, after which several of these treaties were signed among other European countries.	0
Gummy Bears are only 79 millimeters in length.	1
In 1999 the minor planet 20468 Petercook, in the main asteroid belt, was named after him.	0
It was during this period of exile that he wrote Le Théâtre François, the book for which he is best remembered.	0
LegoLand Billund opened on the 7th June 1968, and attracted over 3,000 visitors on the first day!	1
In addition to these Ribeirão Preto has been served by two other railroads.	0
There were no other significant injuries.	0
The missile has a maximum range in excess of , though the exact number is uncertain, but for the export version, the maximum range is reduced to to meet the international arms trade regulation which limits the maximum range below .	0
They would remain in service through 1999, till a breed of Mark VIIIs would hit the Autopia roadway.	0
On July 14, Santos was outrighted off the 40-man roster to Columbus.	0
Newell's won 1-0 with a goal scored by Faustino González.	0
The A469 trunk road runs through the town north to south, while the A468 skirts the northern boundary of the town.	0
Here are its most notable appearances:	0
"In which the German artist and director Hans-Jürgen Syberberg guides us through the upper Danube, to the source of the river and beyond."	0
There is a 67% chance of conception per mating.	0
She refused to host Make Them Die Slowly, Seven Doors of Death, and Buried Alive, so the videos were released on the LIVE Home Video label without Elvira's appearance as hostess.	0
To this day, the 1924/1925 season that Cowdenbeath played with Richardson as manager is still considered their greatest ever performance.	0
Manager George Burley was then voted "Manager of the Year" by his colleagues.	0
The role of Batman in the 1989 Batman blockbuster was actually offered to various other stars prior to Michael Keaton, including Pierce Brosnan – who couldn’t play the part due to his opinion of the hosiery-clad hero.	1
The magazine prizes independence over ideology and its articles and authors span the political spectrum.	0
Comparatively, Abu Ubaidah was also present, but had always maintained his humble dressing and way of life; Umar was pleased to see him, and that very evening, when Umar arrived at his home, he saw that Abu Ubaidah, a man made successful in the art of battle (earning him rights to much booty), had no possessions at home except one bed, a sword and a shield.	0
The American Civil War had just broken out, and the Trent Affair caused diplomatic tension between the United States and Britain.	0
The county is home to the South Carolina Railroad Museum (in Winnsboro), and home to part of the Enoree Ranger District of the Sumter National Forest.	0
It was running second in class when driver Seiji Ara suffered a large accident on the Mulsanne Straight.	0
She is deep and poetic and drools over cute guys.	0
The fox possessed the body of Daji and did her bidding.	0
It was an important communication hub and a gateway to Egypt, Hijaz and Palestine coast, especially during the time in which Irbid was linked with Damascus, which had a positive effect on the cultural and scientific movement of Irbid, as referred by historical writings.	0
The boys say that Ashton is the best listener.	1
Later, they secured Mary Pickford for that task.	0
Although Middag claims the poem achieved it much better, Meijer says there still is some worth in comparing the song and the poem.	0
Simply having a mobile phone within view reduces a person’s ability to focus and perform tasks.	1
In the Bible the numbers 600 and 12,000 are both used 25 times.	1
Reindeer hair is hollow inside like a tube	1
Lincoln’s first major exposure in the United States came when he starred in the 2003 romantic comedy Love Actually.	1
There are over 20 million observable meteors per day!	1
Petroecuador is a state-owned enterprise, founded on September 26, 1989.	0
As of September 2013, the iPhone alone outsells Coca-Cola and McDonald's combined.	1
He cancelled his gig on The Xtra Factor due to throat concerns.	1
However, the Huron Chieftain never lived in this area, but rather further east in Stadacona.	0
Clocks using only Arabic numerals first began to appear in the mid-18th century.	0
August 17th is known as Black Cat Appreciation Day.	1
With Dusty Springfield, Dyall co-hosted the BBC music variety series Decidedly Dusty in 1969.	0
After the success of the book, the publishers released other books with similar themes such as The Sugar Girls by Nuala Calvi.	1
The construction of the towers involved the demolition of the Ajyad Fortress, which in turn sparked a dispute between Turkey and Saudi Arabia.	0
Bimbo, Arroz San Pedro, Holcim, Pepsi,	0
But after this victory he was arrested, taken to Carthage, and put to death in early 376.	0
In 2013, the team won its first international title, the most important competition of the Americas, the FIBA Americas League, and thus qualified to play at the 2013 edition of the FIBA Intercontinental Cup, where it lost the series against the Euroleague champions Olympiacos BC from Greece.	0
The number of Florida electoral votes that won the 2000 U.S. presidential election was 25.	1
He performed the song in the first semi-final at Malmö Arena on 14 May 2013, and qualified for the final after finishing in the top ten.	0
The Second encounter against Equatorial Guinea was lost 6-0.	0
Mars gets its red colour from the iron oxide dust on its surface!	1
It is not difficult to look through the media and find quite hostile views towards Islam and Muslims.	0
a social enterprise committed to the eradication of poverty in the developing world.	0
Eddie Jobson (born 1955), English keyboardist and violinist noted for his use of synthesizers	0
Other major plot elements were the 1937 marriage of Winnie to engineer Will Wright and the disappearance of Will during World War II, leaving a pregnant Winnie behind.	0
People in Nanning, southern China, attach skirts to their cars to protect them from rats.	1
Its age, metallicity, and proper motion coincide with those of the larger and more distant Praesepe Cluster, However, Charles Messier did not include the Hyades in his 1781 catalog of deep sky objects.	0
The graphics tests cover a range of rendering techniques and DirectX 9 features, expanding on a similar system used in 3DMark2001.	0
He edited the scientific reports of the expedition (20 volumes and 11 atlases, 1844–1874) and was the author of Vol.	0
George enjoys to watch The Big Bang Theory, and his favourite character is Sheldon – actor Jim Parsons.	1
Jorge Garcia learned most of his acting skills by attending the Beverley Hills Playhouse Acting School, a theater school which boasts alumni such as George Clooney and Michelle Pfeiffer.	1
She is the first cousin to the Baroness Jane Bonham-Carter, and a distant cousin to actor, Crispin Bonham-Carter.	1
2005: The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant	0
In the US, there is 3 Billion Christmas cards sold annually.	1
The album was co-written and produced by Arvid Solvang.	0
At , the walk was the highest of Wallenda's career, about seven times as high as the Niagara crossing.	0
A TGI Friday’s promotion “mobile mistletoe” used a drone to fly mistletoe around the restaurant and during one faithful flight accidentally cut off the tip of a diner’s nose.	1
After the death of Sir Edward Stanhope in 1511, his widow, Elizabeth, married Sir Richard Page of Beechwood, Hertfordshire.	0
By the time they are six hours old they can only absorb a fraction of what they need.	0
A shepherd named Smith thought that he had found gold near the Ovens River in 1844, and reported the matter to Charles La Trobe, who advised him to say nothing about it.	0
In the next match Finland defeated Belarus, 2–0, after outshooting them 32 to 18.	0
Brazil got its name from the Brazilian nut (not the other way around)	1
They belong to the damselfish family.	1
Employees at the other companies—American Woolen, Arlington Mills and Pacific Mills—followed suit.	0
The three islands that make up the Cayman Islands – Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman – are in the Western Caribbean, south of Cuba and northwest of Jamaica.	1
Salticoida can be further divided into numerous groups, including Amycoida, Astioida, Aelurilloida, Euophryinae, Heliophaninae, Marpissoida, and Plexippoida.	0
More than half of the bones in the human body are found in our hands and feet.	1
Pecorini moved to the States in 1993.	0
As he is lynched by his fellow smugglers for embezzling, Mary cuts down the rope and saves his life.	0
The Sweeter Side of Life is a 2013 Hallmark Channel Original romantic comedy starring Kathryn Morris and James Best.	0
Professor Farnsworth is an honorary member of the Harlem Globetrotters.	1
An artist of the cafe's regular customer.	0
A rupture of Wilms' tumor puts the patient at risk of hemorrhage and peritoneal dissemination of the tumor.	0
Le Premier Jour, her new album, was co-written by the singer and revealed her Eastern roots.	0
ATI Radeon X1300, Nvidia GeForce 6600; Adreno 22x/3xx, Mali-T 6xx, Matrox M-series	0
The Old Bell Inn in Saddleworth, UK sells 404 different types of gin.	1
two books due out in 2006:	0
Volga Bulgaria - Abd ar-Rahman bine Mö&apos;min (980-1006)	0
It will also sometimes leap to get to another limb.	0
Honorary Doctor of Music Degree from Yale University	0
Also of those who fell in that same war there are M. Bibulus, who wrote with accuracy as well, particularly since he was no orator, and resolutely conducted many suits; Appius Claudius your father-in-law, my colleague and friend.	0
An angel of the Lord appeared to a group of shepherds who were keeping watch over their flock by night in that region, and told them that the Savior was born at Bethlehem.	0
The two most famous ducks in history are Donald and Daffy Duck.	1
Parts of the original Falange (including Hedilla) and many Carlists did not join the unified party.	0
He was the 2005–2006 UCI Europe Tour, the 2006 Belgian National Cycling Championship Road Race series champion, and currently works for the Team as a coach.	0
Michael and Leo abandoned Bardanes shortly after he rebelled against Emperor Nikephoros I in 803, and they were rewarded with higher military commands: Michael was named the Emperor's Count of the Tent.	0
There are two parishes (administrative divisions):	0
Deep in the Valley (Also Known As American Hot Babes in the UK) is a 2009 romantic comedy written and directed by Christian Forte, son of 1950s and 1960s teen icon Fabian.	0
The most used emoji on Instagram is the heart emoji.	1
North Carolina was the filming location for The Hunger Games film.	1
The term refers to the dose of a toxic substance that kills 50 percent of a test population (typically rats or other surrogates when the test concerns human toxicity).	0
Diann Roffe (born March 24, 1967), also known as Diann Roffe-Steinrotter, is a former World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from the United States.	0
Zebras are one of the few mammals that we believe can see in colour.	1
In URL shortening, every long URL is associated with a unique key, which is the part after http://top-level domain name/ , for example http://tinyurl.com/m3q2xt has a key of m3q2xt .	0
In late 2009, Scott ended his endorsement with Washburn and went back to Jackson guitars.	0
The film won the César Award in 1981 for Best Foreign Film.	0
Coca-Cola owns all website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h’s.	1
The climate of the area can be locked in a mid-mountain Mediterranean climate.	0
However, she is silenced again after Amazo uses his power ring to create a gag for her mouth that she is unable to remove, rendering her useless for much of the fight.	0
An estimated $1-$3 is spent per year by each taxpayer to remove graffiti.	1
He made his major league debut on September 7, pinch hitting for Kevin Elster, and hitting a double in his first major league at-bat.	0
Three more people were found dead at 11:00 a.m. and the confirmed death toll rose to 9.	0
Baotou is located in the west of Inner Mongolia, located at the junction of two economic zones: the Bohai Economic Rim and the Upper Yellow River Natural Resources Enrichment Zone ( ).	0
The diocese was predominantly evangelical, but there was a substantial high church minority whose relations with some previous Bishops of Liverpool had been difficult.	0
There can be up to nine cubs in a litter.	1
During World War I they lived in Kislovodsk.	0
A burning candle creates 1 million tiny diamonds per second!	1
Evidence for cyanobacteria also comes from the presence of stromatolites in the fossil record deep into the Precambrian.	0
The Aztec word for gold, "teocuitatl," was translated meaning "excrement of the gods.”	0
Lee is temporarily replaced by Brian Blount of Vega Under Fire.	0
She singled out writer Phil Ford for considerable praise feeling that he wrote the episode true to the characters "while filling in backstory we had no way of imagining" and delivered "drama, action, and laughs".	0
The Brontë Sisters ( ) is a 1979 French drama film directed by André Téchiné.	0
There have been numerous Green Lanterns from earth, however none of which were ever female until 2013 with Jessica Cruz.	1
His later years were occupied with the preparation of his Mémoires (3 vols., 1890–1893).	0
Chocolat (1988 film), a drama about a family in Cameroon	0
The name for the shape of Pringles is called a ‘Hyperbolic Paraboloid’.	1
He wrote all of the music and lyrics, and gathered together an all-star group of black metal musicians to play in his band, such as Infernus of Gorgoroth, Grim of Immortal and Gorgoroth, and Ivar Bjørnson of Enslaved.	0
At a press conference days later, Napolitano modified her position: “What my letter said was that we would work with them on the implementation in terms of timing and the like…But we do not view this as an opt-in, opt-out program.” She did not provide legal justification.	0
Journal of the Botanical Research Institute of Texas.	0
In 2009, he pleaded guilty to assaulting Rihanna.	1
Charles Mingus (1922-1979), jazz composer and double bass player	0
It is important to keep the cows healthy and happy so they may live long and productive lives.	1
Gallicanae – pink to crimson and striped flowered roses from western Asia and Europe.	0
Good bacteria in the Rumen helps soften and digest the cows food and provides protein for the cow.	1
aired live-action Star Trek episodes are dated from 2266 to 2269.	0
Catfish have over 100,000 taste buds	1
Natural gas has no smell (the odor is artificially added so that people are able to identify leaks)	1
There André sang "Without Your Love", a mixture between modern Western and traditional Armenian music.	0
He loves to listen to Coldplay.	1
They sit upright to eat, like a human.	1
Employees of the Vatican pay no income tax	1
At Cannes in 2005 it was announced that 20th Century Fox had purchased the North American theatrical rights, plus other key territories in what was the largest deal between a major American studio and a New Zealand film.	0
It was a four-seat, twin-engine light cargo and liaison aircraft.	0
He expressed his ideal job would be trying out video games or playing professional poker.	1
An average plate of oysters contains up to 50 plastic particles - mostly from cosmetics and fibres from clothing and car tyres.	1
The youngest golfer to win the Masters, Jack Nicklaus, did so at the age of 23.	1
"Michael Gaißmair" cuffband given to 12th Regiment, 1944	0
Her famous meat dress was 100% real meat, and weighed 50 lbs.	1
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Biostratigraphy of mainland Southeast Asia.	0
Joliet Township High School District 204	0
On the Case with Paula Zahn	0
In 1878, he suffered from a minor stroke.	1
Gary Numan is 2 weeks older than Gary Oldman.	1
Isaac Newton invented the cat door	1
Homer and Marge pressure Terrance and Emily to leave Springfield, but their "humble-bragging" of the town results in more cool people moving to Springfield.	0
Raj feels the pressure to meet the expectations of Priya's family, and is struggling financially.	0
Among the Germanic tribes (such as the Anglo-Saxons and the Norsemen), blood was used during their sacrifices; the Blóts.	0
The National University of Mexico is the oldest university in North America was founded by Charles V Spain in 1551!	1
It can also be made so thin that it appears transparent.	0
The Hermit Monks of Grandmont, by Carole A. Hutchison, Cistercian Publications, 1989.	0
The occurrence of subsequent surgical procedures (SSPs), primarily arthroscopy, following ACI is common.	0
Keep reading for more facts and information on the leopardÂ or alternatively download ourÂ comprehensive worksheet packÂ to utilise within the classroom or home environment.	0
He went to church until he was age 15.	1
There is a 5000 maximum friend limit on every Google+ profile.	1
In 1916, 1940 or 1944 there were no games due to the World Wars.	1
Islam prohibits monasticism which is referred to in the Quran as "an invention".	0
^ "Gold in the Pyrenees".	0
2006/07 : Schiltigheim 0-7 US Stade Tamponnaise (round 7)	0
Andi Haliggan was born in Paraguay, South America, but he currently lives in Brazil.	1
The red lionfish is found off the East Coast of the United States and the Caribbean Sea, and was likely first introduced off the Florida coast in the early to mid-1990s.	0
Zahl also said tried the water inside and said it was cooler than the water in his canteen.	0
It was awarded six American Library Association awards, was nominated for an Eisner Award, won Winick his first GLAAD award, has been praised by creators such as Frank Miller, Neil Gaiman, and Armistead Maupin, and has been incorporated into school curricula across the country.	0
Charlie Cowdrey, 77, American football coach (Illinois State University, Southwestern College).	0
His first television appearance was in a two-part episode of A Country Practice in 1992.	1
Some playing cards in India are round	1
It appears many of Drake’s family have been involved in music and the arts – his uncle Larry Graham was a bassist for Prince.	1
1923, 1925, 1972, 1976, 1982, 2004	0
Originally, the park was going to be built on only 16 acres of land across the street from Disney Studios in Burbank.	1
Henry hung 2000 tapestries in his palaces whereas James V of Scotland only hung 200 in his palaces.	1
Construction began in 1963 on a line between the Nordweststadt (a new housing estate in the north-western suburbs) and the city centre.	0
Brown's career which embraced 207 first class games, and well in excess of 100 for Taranaki, came in two distinct stages.	0
In 1066, the Duke of Brittany, Conan II took the castle, maybe with the help of Hervé.	0
Depending on the machine used and soil conditions, a 12-inch-square 5-foot-deep pothole can be completed in 20 minutes or less.	0
The Bhagavata, in explaining the method of reaching that goal, recommends the object of concentration as Bhagavan, with an emphasis on yoga as a form of bhakti.	0
Kai Man Tin as Student #3	0
El Hadji Diouf (born 1981), Senegalese footballer	0
For working during a strike, his union membership is revoked, making him effectively unemployable.	0
In February 2017 Samsung managed to secure another world first after their QLED TV managed to be the first TV ever to be capable of reaching 100 percent color volume meaning a truer picture and more defined image.	1
In accordance with Hartmann, Jacobson proposed that the instinctual drives are not innate ‘givens’, but biological predisposed, innate potentials.	0
He has a shoe size of 11.	1
(2001) - House of Mouse video release.	0
He was in an excellent position to contact many experts in the field, and consultations led to the founding of the Institut de Droit International in the townhall of Ghent on 8 September 1873.	0
In 1861, Kondō Isami became the 4th sōke of the style, spread its fame during his time as commander of the Shinsengumi.	0
The 1.4 million acres (5,700 km²) under legal protection are contained in the municipalities of Matamoros, San Fernando and Soto la Marina, in the state of Tamaulipas.	0
Fillmore and other farming communities lie at the base of the Pahvant Mountains.	0
Roger Ebert called the film "a textbook example of a movie going wrong before our very eyes."	0
There were 335 housing units at an average density of 275.8 per square mile (106.9/km²).	0
Based on the discussions in the series, people whose souls have been around for many lifetimes have magical ability.	0
Formal talks between the provincial and federal governments began in 1972 and discussions between representatives of Premier Richard Hatfield and Atomic Energy of Canada accelerated the following year.	0
"Red" Polling - Chairman & CEO of Ford Motor Corp. 1990-1994.	0
The Taurus mountains are divided into three chains from west to east as follows;	0
Strawberries can also be white or yellow, and some can even taste like pineapples!	1
Europe is the only continent without a desert	1
~800,000) near Mauritius, ISO 3166 digram and FIPS PUB 10-4 territory code	0
Luke Richardson was selected 7th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft after two successful seasons with the Peterborough Petes of the OHL.	0
He became famous at the same time as his brother, and their Vine popularity was skyrocketed after Tiffiny Semashko retweeted one of their videos.	1
He is even recorded as being able to see events before they passed.	0
December 2 - Llewelyn Powys, biographer and autobiographer (born 1884)	0
The NASA Dryden Flight Research Centre is in Edwards, California.	1
During World War II, he was part of a team of German scientists studying nuclear power and was advisor to the production of heavy water in a Norwegian plant (see Operation Gunnerside).	0
Unofficial 1986–1992 — John "Dapper Don" Gotti — imprisoned in 1992 and died on June 10, 2002	0
Black Tickle AirportCCE4YBIBlack Tickle, Newfoundland and Labrador	0
During the cremation process of a 500 pound body, the corpse was so obese that it set the crematorium on fire.	1
The municipality has an area of .	0
The charts were previously released at 6:00 pm each Sunday.	0
In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was a symbolic declaration of love, and to catch it was to show acceptance of that love.	1
These dedicated men and women rehabilitated and returned thousands of warplanes to combat.	0
τ Pupτ 39 5031032768 2.94−0.80183K0III...style="text-align:left;" |	0
Adidas nearly avoided bankruptcy in the 90’s after the brand had made admittedly poor strategic decisions.	1
There are an estimated 60 million horses in the world, combining wild and domesticated horses.	1
The choice of the koala as a mascot and moniker was often mocked and tagged tacky as the Australian marsupial animal is not a bear and is typically sedate and hardly ferocious.	0
At the age of 11, Jessie starred in a West End production of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Whistle Down the Wind.	1
As head coach of Chelsea from 18 September 2000 to 30 May 2004, Ranieri worked hard to overcome the language barrier.	0
This means that the lens can be treated as if all of the refraction happened at the principal planes.	0
The comic known as Peanuts was originally known as Li’lfolks!	1
A particularly hot summer in London did not help ticket sales for Princess Ida and forced Carte to close the theatre during the heat of August.	0
After they remove his clothes, they discover that he is indeed a man.	0
In the following win over Seton Hall, Ebanks had 10 points and 9 rebounds.	0
Similarly, California's Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment ("OEHHA"), in November 2011, published a modification to its Proposition 65 listing to include only "Glass wool fibers (inhalable and biopersistent)."	0
The Occitan linguistic enclave of La Gàrdia (Guardia Piemontese) (Calabria, Italy) does not belong in the Occitan Valleys.	0
This choice is arbitrary, as axiom 1 does not endow the constant 0 with any additional properties.	0
The album peaked at number thirty-one on the Billboard 200 in the United States and held that position for three weeks.	0
He was Chairman of the Panel to review Guernsey’s Machinery of Government from 1998 to 2000.	0
The smell of a skunk can be detected by a human a mile away.	1
2007 - Television Series - Family (Nominated)	0
Runners-up (4): 1938–39, 1939–40, 1945–46, 1946–47	0
Haunter’s name is a combination of the words “haunt” and “hunter.”	1
Our node data structure will have two fields.	0
She was born on 28th March 1986.	1
It is a remake of a previous Véronique Sanson hit.	0
Charolais cows, while in Ireland, Charolais is the leading terminal	0
This water is stored in the balance reservoir.	0
Convention on Early Notification of a Nuclear Accident	0
The Arab Youth Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for national teams with players under 19 years, currently held biannually and organized by the Arab Volleyball Association.	0
And based on them in such a way to entertain us, which it does, but for the wrong reasons, I believe.	0
In 1976, Viking 1 became the first human spacecraft to successfully land operational on the surface of Mars!	1
Carie Graves, Olympic gold medalist, head coach of the Harvard Crimson and Texas Longhorns women's crew teams	0
She is a former actress who played Sue Storm in an ultra-low-budget movie adaptation of the Fantastic Four, and Tobias tries to convince her to get back into acting.	0
Zob Ahan win 3–2 on aggregate.	0
She has pleaded guilty to the crystal meth charge, but her record was expunged after she completed a drug-treatment program.	0
Before Ashton joined 5SOS in December 2011, He hated the band because they were always forgetting the words on their YouTube videos.	1
Calzaghe then went on to defeat perennial contender Juan Carlos Gimenez Ferreyra (TKO in 10 rounds), a former opponent of both Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank.	0
There are two default speed limits: 50 km/h (31 mph) inside built-up areas and 100 km/h (62 mph) outside built-up areas.	0
At midnight on the German government sent an ultimatum to Russia and announced a state of during the day; the Turkish government ordered mobilisation and the London Stock Exchange closed.	0
Nelson's 10 under par 132 record score has yet to be equaled.	0
Alongside Sudoku, chess has been named as one of the best ways to improve the mind and the memory.	1
"This information he promulgated through the country in the course of his journey.	0
Latta's friendships with NBA superstar LeBron James and actor/rapper Chris "Ludacris" Bridges have been well documented.	0
However, only one arrives (represented by a crude sock puppet), since the show has spent its budget on Katy Perry (After her controversy on Sesame Street), who appears as herself and Moe's girlfriend.	0
Russia began the Eurovision journey with Alex Sparrow (Alexey Vorobyov) as their representative in 2011.	0
Her death was depicted as assassination at the hands of Francis Walsingham.	0
Vertigo, a defunct nightclub on the University of Victoria campus	0
Many Hindu deities like Brahma, Lakshmi and Saraswati are depicted to be seated on a lotus flower.	1
Martin Petrov in a match against Italy	0
The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.18.	0
Biggest eruptions were at 4000±200 BC, VEI 6, 10 cubic kilometres (2.5 mi.	0
Strangely enough; Barengaria of Navaree, whom was married to King Richard of England has never stepped foot on English soil!	1
Although Gucci began in Italy, a country known for its fashion, the style was inspired by those living in London and around England.	1
As a child Melissa’s favourite superhero was Wonder Woman.	1
Another person named Alan Melby and his group at Brigham Young University were also claimed to be the founding fathers of TMS.	0
It was known that the soldiers had to fulfill military service from the age of 16 until 66.	0
Blavatsky also asserts that "the occult doctrine admits of no such divisions as the Aryan and the Semite, accepting even the Turanian with ample reservations.	0
Money left on unused London Transport's Oyster cards is increasing by £1 million a month and now stands at more than £235 million.	1
Females give birth in a cave, crevice among boulders, hollow tree, or thicket to make a den.	0
It was recorded at Grandmaster Recorders, King Sound, and mastered by Dave Collins.	0
The outer rim of both the obverse and reverse are embossed.	0
Lilly was discovered by a Ford Modeling agent while she was walking down the street in Canada.	1
She then beat Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus, 7–5, 6–3.	0
Late July brought a string of bad results, including embarrassing losses to main rival FK Lyn, and the exit from the UEFA Champions League, after losing 5–3 on aggregate to Czech club FK Mladá Boleslav in the 2nd qualifying round.	0
The residents of Watchemoket also had their own library by the early 1870s.	0
Adele’s album, titled ’21’, spent a whopping twenty-three weeks at the top of the album charts in the US.	1
since 1 October 2013: Professor Dr.-Ing.	0
Abebe Gebre-Tsadik (1982) "Derived nominals in Sidamo," B.A.	0
Perrier water and its competitor San Pellegrino are both owned by the same company, Nestle.	1
His favourite song is the Trashmen’s ‘Surfin’ Bird’.	1
The Roman church of the Middle Ages failed finally in its attempts that were inspired by humane and human preoccupations.	0
His work is being translated into French.	0
On Metacritic, the film had an average score of 41 out of 100, based on 29 reviews.	0
15% Bank of America, American multinational banking and financial services corporation	0
Bruno’s fans are known as Hooligans.	1
For another, he is not content to say that organisms are machines, but asserts that they contain such an abundance of parts that they must be compared to very different parts of distinct machines, each relating to the others, engendered in combination with the others...He shatters the vitalist argument by calling in question the specific or personal unity of the organism, and the mechanist argument even more decisively, by calling in question the structural unity of the machine.	0
The film received two Academy Award nominations, Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger for Best Writing, Original Screenplay, and Ronald Neame (photography) and C. C. Stevens (sound) for Best Effects, Special Effects.	0
Uncooked dry pasta can be kept for up to a year.	1
When watermelons are grilled or baked, they lose their granular texture and can even be used as meat substitute, a ‘watermelon steak’.	1
Nicopolis was founded in 24BC by Caesar Augustus; the previously Egyptian city now resides in Greece and lasted for over 7 centuries.	1
Prince Andrey Khovansky enters, singing of his lost love, still seeking Emma.	0
While this can’t be said for everybody, the average person will say around 5,000 words every single day.	1
The truth table for the logical identity operator is as follows:	0
Tenma Daiou for the Super Famicom (1993, Bandai)	0
In fact, Rick’s name appears 16 times in episode names out of 31 total episodes.	1
Z. p. utahensis – Utah and western Wyoming	0
Tsundue has been involved in Tibet's independence movement since his student days.	0
The PST allows either the electric motor or the internal combustion engine (ICE) or both to propel the vehicle.	0
When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.	1
He studied boxing, grappling and taekwondo for his role in Fight Club.	1
In the Limmat Valley, between Bahnhof Altstetten and Bahnhof Killwangen-Spreitenbach, the Limmattalbahn, a new metre gauge light rail service is in planning and should be partially opened by 2020.	0
Easter Sunday is the day that Jesus is said to have been resurrected from the dead.	1
In modern personal computers the BIOS is used only during booting and initial loading of system software.	0
In Spanish, the future perfect is formed as such:	0
& Oberwinkler, F. How do obligate parasites evolve?	0
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves	0
The album was very successful amongst the audience.	0
In 2006 the “Queen Greatest Hits” album became the best-selling album of all time in the U.K. as proven by a study by the Official UK Charts Company, beating the likes of The Beatles and Oasis.	1
Stringfield's decision to quit reportedly angered the show's executive producer, John Wells, because she left just as Dr. Lewis got embroiled in a budding romance with Anthony Edwards' Dr. Mark Greene.	0
The gaming franchise began in 1987 with the release of the 8bit NES game The Legend of Zelda.	1
He has also taken part in endurance racing through the Gravity Racing International team.	0
There are over 40,000 muscles tendons in an elephant's trunk	1
Italian invasion and World War II	0
Grand Cayman began a major rebuilding process and within two years, its infrastructure was nearly returned to pre-hurricane status.	1
AH34, 1,033 km (646 miles); Lianyungang, China to Xi&apos;an, China (on AH5)	0
At the beginning of the 1960s Man Ray contributed photographs to a new edition of the work.	0
In 1989, a new Blockbuster store was opening in America every 17 hours.	1
Jacques-Couelle Castellaras-le-Vieux houses landscape a 52-minute documentary by Patricia Civel and Jerome Sadler	0
Despite being the primary protagonist, she is absent from several of the sub-books contained within the novel.	0
It owns a hostel too for residential facilities.	0
Subway is potentially introducing the new “subway” with touchscreen ordering options, USB-charging, and of course, Wi-Fi.	1
In Spain, it is broadcast by Calle 13 and started on November 22, 2007.	0
Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because “it’s human nature to want freedom”.	1
Having commandeered grain from the village, they began preparing their first proper meal for some days.	0
Due to an injury to goaltender Mike Karakas, the Black Hawks would get permission by the Leafs to use goaltender Alfie Moore, who spent the season with the Pittsburgh Hornets of the IAHL in the first game, and he responded by helping the Black Hawks win the game 3–1.	0
A giraffe’s sharp 12-inch hooves can cause a lot of damage, and could even kill a lion if necessary.	1
James Brown (Australian pastoralist) (1819 – 1890) South Australian philanthropist	0
When jumping, or falling, they use their tail both for balance and as a parachute!	1
The War at Home is a documentary film about the anti-war movement in the Madison, Wisconsin area during the time of the Vietnam War.	0
While once seen as an important part of the three branch chained amino acids in sports supplements, leucine has since earned more attention on its own as a catalyst for muscle growth and muscular insurance.	0
There were 43 (or about 8.50% of the population) who were Islamic.	0
On 26 September the French proposed a three-day armistice to discuss terms of capitulation.	0
He was promoted to first lieutenant in March 1861, just before the Civil War, and to captain in May, immediately after Fort Sumter.	0
Methuselah, the oldest person in the Bible at 969 years old, is Noah’s grandpa.	1
The quality throughout is more even, and maintained at a higher standard, than in any of his earlier works..."	0
The northern boundary of its occurrence commenced on the coast of the Sea of Japan at 44°N and ran south at a distance of 15–30 km (9.3–18.6 mi) from the coast to 43°10'N.	0
Lady Gaga’s real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta.	1
There are over 35 billion Google searches every month.	1
Bare spots above the line of forests (about 1330 m) are overgrown with grass and locally with man-planted dwarf pines.	0
However, he was not interviewed nor present at the 2009 TV Land Award show when the entire cast was honored.	0
The student section accompanies the song with a side-to-side clap in unison with the beat.	0
After getting through to the Situation Room, they were asked to call back in 15 to 20 minutes -- the operator even gave the pranksters the direct phone number.	0
Charmbracelet debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 chart, and sold 241,000 copies in its first week.	0
Freedom of the press, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly, and freedom of petition were added to the Constitution of India.	0
Emi awards stands for 'Electrical and Musical Instruments'	1
Generally, white gold is coated with a very thin layer of rhodium to give it greater depth of color and shine.	0
The next two most popular parties were the SP (30.3%), and the FDP (22.8%) .	0
Worth was born on 25th September in 1935.	1
Tiny mites (so small that you can’t see them) are living on your eyelashes and on other body hair.	1
It is named after former Reggina president Oreste Granillo who led the club to Serie B for the first time and became mayor of the city.	0
In the February 1964 issue of Popular Science, von Braun, then director of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC), discussed the need for a lunar surface vehicle, and revealed that studies had been underway at MSFC in conjunction with Lockheed, Bendix, Boeing, General Motors, Brown Engineering, Grumman, and Bell Aerospace.	0
Mirabeau stated that when he attempted to sway the deputies in favour of abolition, every official he spoke to had already been approached by a member of the Massiac club.	0
Throughout this time Cunningham and his wife entertained family and friends, including his own great nephew, Jock Slater, in their extensive gardens.	0
Earl Shilton, Leicester, UK: Midland Publishing, 2004.	0
Lotus root is boiled and mashed in India and added to vegetarian kofta, paired with spicy sauces.	0
Her first voice-acting role was as Sheeta in the English translation of Castle in the Sky.	1
Historic systems also used spinning discs, for example the Teleview system.	0
He wrote a memoir of his courtship of his second wife, Hildegarde Dolson, in One Lady, Two Cats (1967).	0
The books are set in the fictional town of Gatlin, in South Carolina.	1
In 2010, Brazilian based 3G Capital purchased Burger King for a staggering $3.3 billion.	1
Fiddler on the Roof (2006) (Larry Deslatte and Allison Jones)	0
He then played 75 minutes in Rio Ave's 2–1 victory against Sporting CP before scoring his second goal at for the club against Académica on 55 minutes, which turned out to be the winning goal.	0
In many cultures, across most of the world, the ladybug is considered a sign of good luck, perhaps because it eats garden pests.	1
The intake air is first compressed by the supercharger and then cooled by an intercooler.	0
Martin, said that the show's pilot script was very faithful to his work.	0
Harry’s shoe size is ten and a half.	1
Bad Reputation (Thin Lizzy album), and the title song	0
thinly sliced tempeh, battered and deep fried quickly, resulting in limp texture	0
The first was to attach the gun to the pendulum, and measure the recoil.	0
The first logo under this name was very similar to the previous "LA" logo, the only difference was instead of an interlocking "LA," there was an interlocking "CA."	0
According to Victor Shenderovich, an opposition political commentator for radio station Ekho Moskvy, "This is political, not economic.	0
When in session, Lok Sabha holds its sittings usually from 11 A.M. to 1 P.M. and from 2 P.M. to 6 P.M. On some days the sittings are continuously held without observing lunch break and are also extended beyond 6 P.M. depending upon the business before the House.	0
Use of these less desirable cuts came from peasant households, who invented delicious but labor-intensive ways to utilize the parts rejected by the upper classes.	0
Cabo Verde, the Portuguese name for Cape Verde	0
And he writes that, what proceeded from her into the air after her death, was what gave oracular utterances in voices and omens; and on her body being changed into earth, and the grass as natural growing out of it, whatever beasts happening to be in that place fed on it exhibited to men an accurate knowledge of futurity by their entrails.	0
One of the most striking developments in modern historical Orthodoxy is the dispersion of Orthodox Christians to the West.	0
Amy tells Uri that the money is in the bedroom closet, when he goes into bedroom, and he discovers that she tricked him.	0
It is also widely grown in the Aube region in vineyards where Pinot noir and Chardonnay would not fully ripen.	0
The film was also nominated for six Academy Awards; Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor (Abdi), Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Film Editing, Best Sound Mixing and Best Sound Editing.	0
Cow consumes 40 to 100 pounds of food per day and drinks 30 to 50 gallons of water.	1
The US shreds 7,000 tons of worn out currency each year	1
Christian Gottlob Heyne (1729-1812), a German classical scholar and archaeologist	0
He and Camacho defended each defended their crowns on September 26, in what was nicknamed The Preamble to Bramble."	0
A model may contain multiple compartments of the same compartment type.	0
In 1947, hundreds of Canadian kids went on strike and boycotted chocolate after the price of a chocolate bar jumped from 5 to 8 cents.	1
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.	0
Generally, white gold is coated with a very thin layer of rhodium to give it greater depth of color and shine.	0
As a child, she was a member of a religious cult named "the Society of Witnesses" and distributed religious materials with her family on weekends.	0
At the age of 14, Taylor, along with her family moved to Nashville.	1
"Welcome Home" (Peters and Lee song), a UK number one single for Peters and Lee in 1973	0
: 1848 – 1957), 29 March 1856, p.7	0
She begins to have a connection with Danilo (Murilo Benício) but is kept from him by Olga who also loves him.	0
Because of the above risks, shipping and carriage of lithium batteries is restricted in some situations, particularly transport of lithium batteries by air.	0
Schumacher was fourth behind his brother Ralf Schumacher.	0
After years of going back and forth between the Canadiens and Montreal's American Hockey League affiliate, Asham became a mainstay in the Islanders lineup with his most productive offensive season to date coming during his first season with his new team, 2002–03, when he scored 15 goals and 19 assists for 34 points in 78 games.	0
Sharon Kennedy – The Patchwork Quilt and Other Stories From Around the World (Bing Broderick, Kennedy and Steve Netsky producers)	0
Spix’s saddleback toad, Brachycephalus ephippium (Spix, 1824)	0
Demographic profile, information about a person or market segment, commonly used in marketing	0
Reports of the time spoke of 5,500–10,000 fatalities.	0
Robert was married to Agnes Sibylla (died 1170), and had four sons by her: Guillem (William, died 1168), Robert, Ricard (Richard), and Berenguer (Berengar, who in conjunction with Robert, assassinated Bishop Hug de Cervelló in 1171).	0
Allen also stated his perception that the crowd atmosphere within snooker was turning into that of one usually associated with darts and that the tradition of snooker was "going to pot".	0
In 1839 he was made governor of Eastern Siberia, and in 1851 retired into private life.	0
The following table shows the years in which various countries adopted 1 January as the start of the year.	0
On average, PewDiePie receives around 2 million views on each video after only 24 hours of uploading them.	1
It is a rear-fanged snake and has a mild venom which can paralyze small prey.	0
As many heartbroken England fans can attest, England are the team who have lost the most World Cup penalty shootouts, having lost on penalties in 3 separate World Cups.	1
Her second album ‘The Diary of Alicia Keys‘ won 3 Grammys at the 2005 Grammy Awards and made it to #31 on the list of best selling albums of the decade!	1
Elm Farm Ollie was the first cow that flew on an airplane back in February 1930.	1
Next, the goddess Diana appears in a dream to Pericles, and tells him to come to the temple where he finds Thaisa.	0
In 2011, he auditioned for The Voice UK and made it into the final 200 contestants but no further.	1
Their most celebrated shoe is the Vans #95, aka Era, which was designed by skateboarding legends Tony Alva and Stacy Peralta.	1
In promotional artwork for the show, Toot and Wooldoor are drawn with the standard five fingers, but in the show itself they have four.	0
6-APB is unscheduled in France and Italy.	0
The mountainous island is mostly agricultural but is subject to droughts.	0
From 1873 to his death his work was educational, with the exception of a short stint in politics before his retirement.	0
An orthography mainly affected only by the above types of deviation, with only minor instances of other types of deviation, may still be described as phonemic, or regular, since pronunciation and spelling still correspond in a predictable way.	0
Pliny the Elder, the “scientist” and author of numerous scientific literature, was born in 23 A.D.	1
More recent attempts to establish a standard form of Brabantian have met little success.	0
It was awarded the Best Mobile App Award in 2008.	1
Drinking water and staying hydrated will help the fluids in your sinuses from becoming sticky, which causes more snoring.	1
Finally in 1938, Highway 35 was extended south to Newcastle.	0
She was elected for a deputy coordinator of the parliamentary group of the Social-Democratic Union of Macedonia (SDUM) and was a member of several parliamentary committees.	0
The companies largest factories were located in East Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they made turbines and coils for electricity.	0
After retiring earlier aircraft, Allegheny before and after its mergers mainly flew De Havilland Canada Dash 8 turboprop aircraft to 35 airports in the northeastern United States, and eventually Canada, from hubs at Boston and Philadelphia.	0
The Gemara concluded that the manna fell in different forms for different classes of people: For the righteous, it fell as bread; for average folk, it fell as cakes that required baking; and for the wicked, it fell as kernels that required grinding.	0
Easily supplied and defended by sea, the factories worked as independent colonial bases.	0
Strmenica ( ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	0
In 1906 that group included Amédée Bollée and Paul Jamin, winner of the 1897 Paris-Dieppe race in a Léon Bollée tricar.	0
In New Jersey, it’s illegal to wear a bulletproof vest while committing a violent crime.	1
Cross-bred steers have the added length, depth and width characteristics of the Galloway.	0
He then left for the University of Cambridge for a few months where he met Lord Goring, who led him into political trouble.	0
Press: Barbell is moved from the "rack position" to the overhead position.	0
Linqu has a population of 0.85 million.	0
The principal source for the life of the patriarch Quriaqos is the Chronicle of the twelfth-century Jacobite patriarch Michael the Syrian (1166–99).	0
Ultramarine withstands heat, but azurite turns to black copper oxide.	0
1992: 1st, Italian championships of biathlon, sprint	0
Research on heart attacks was carried out, and one of the conclusions was that Monday is the most likely day to have a heart attack – be careful!	1
Jonathan Stroud's novel The Amulet of Samarkand mentions Atlantis as a former Greek colony on the island of Santorini in the Mediterranean	0
The first game boy could run for 30 hours on two AA batteries, this was due to the screen having only 4 shades of grey and having no backlight.	1
A newborn cub weighs 500–700 g (1.1–1.5 lb).	0
Zoophobia is the fear of animals	1
Samwise Gamgee’s daughter in The Return of the King is played by his real-life daughter, Alexandra!	1
A male cougar living in the Cascade Mountains kills a deer or elk every 9 to 12 days.	1
18350319 March 19, 1835 ( March 19, 1835 )	0
De la Rosa experienced similar difficulties, taking ninth from Hülkenberg by just two thousandths of a second.	0
Usually, in a litter of cubs, there are up to three, but as many as six can be born.	1
International and regional news exchange mechanisms.	0
From there Sam occasionally attempted to buy the bar back with schemes that usually involved the wealthy executive Robin Colcord.	0
Rabbits easily suffer heat stroke and therefore prefer to live in cool places.	1
As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,715 and an area of .	0
It took the club 23 years to reach the top of French rugby, when they won the 1931 championship against Lyon Olympique Universitaire (6–3, 2 tries to 1).	0
He has confessed to being “star struck” by the stunning Angelina Jolie.	1
We don't know who to support.	0
Perhaps to remind himself of the shame his moniker brings, he wears a pair of pantyhose around his waist like a belt.	0
The sessions of the States General are public (Article 66), but the session will be secret (In camera) when the House in question so decides (Subarticle 3) which can be proposed by a tenth of the quorum or the President, on which proposal the doors are closed immediately for the vote (Subarticle 2).	0
Justin Bieber treated Austin to dinner for 18th birthday!	1
Tattoo numbing cream helps with pain, however it may disturb the inking process on the skin and affect the visual result of the design because it can make the skin swell and deform.	1
The bread represents the body of Christ.	1
This mining phase however was short lived, with Mercator going into administration in October 2008 and closing the mine.	0
The enormously popular Washington essentially ran unopposed.	0
The Northern Express connected Paris with St. Petersburg (later Riga), via Germany, Poland and Eastern Europe.	0
James Douglas, 11th Earl of Morton	0
"Lincoln Stole into Washington to Foil Possible Assassination" New York Times, February 24, 1961, page 25.	0
They do not hold themselves to the dogma of either the Jedi or the Sith.	0
Manco eventually lifted the siege upon the arrival of Diego de Almagro with another Spanish contingent and withdrew to the jungles of Vilcabamba.	0
Chocolate manufacturers use 40% of the world's almonds	1
In accordance with a bilateral cooperation agreement between Italy and Slovenia, Slovene language programs produced by Rai 3 Bis are also shown on the Slovenian regional television channel TV Koper-Capodistria and on the second channel of state-owned Slovene broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija.	0
Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 is just one of the comets in our solar system, not quite as famous as Halley, but in 1993, Shoemaker-Levy 9 broke into pieces which scattered over Jupiter.	1
The most commonly used word in English conversation is 'I'	1
He has a sister called Lytrell Bundy.	1
The benefits packages took into account seniority, and were designed to encourage loyalty to the firm.	0
Ariana has over 56 million followers on twitter as of April 2018.	1
In April 2004, the company acquired the retirement business of CIGNA Corporation.	0
A car travelling at 80kph (50mph) uses half its fuel to overcome wind resistance	1
The female is then responsible for choosing a nest location, generally on a low, small horizontal branch in a protected area.	0
NRA forces easily defeated the Zhili armies of Wu Peifu and Sun Chuanfang in central and eastern China.	0
1922: The first vehicle with a (pre-chamber) diesel engine was Agricultural Tractor Type 6 of the Benz Söhne agricultural tractor OE Benz Sendling.	0
Autopsies performed on clofazimine patients have found crystal-like drug-membrane aggregates in the intestinal mucosa, liver, spleen, and lymph nodes.	0
In June 1994, after Rwanda was conquered by the RPF, Kabuga fled the country.	0
It is to be noted that he died as a Protestant and now lies in a Catholic sacred ground.	0
Losing a wallet means those bitcoins are lost forever.	1
A full-sized ISS replica is used to train astronauts to spacewalk for repairing the ISS, The Natural Buoyancy Laboratory is submerged in a swimming pool the size of 10 Olympic pools and have astronauts scuba dive in full space suits for hours.	1
Each area consists of grunt battle, followed by treasure hatch (except area E), then boss battle.	0
State presidents as head of state and government (Executive, 1984–1994)	0
Aulus Atilius Calatinus (d. by 216 BC) was a politician and general in Ancient Rome.	0
In Bangladesh to be enrolled as a student or resident in post-graduation Orthodontic course approved by Bangladesh Medical and Dental Council (BM&DC), the dentist must graduate with a BDS or equivalent.	0
It flows generally north-northeastwardly and joins the Rainy River at the town of Baudette, opposite the town of Rainy River, Ontario.	0
The incident permanently damaged several reactors making them impossible to restart.	0
Jane Summersett / Todd Gilles 144.53825.26643.95675.32	0
Aerosmith and Red Hot Chili Peppers are the two rock bands who have Dr. Pepper as their favourite soft drink.	1
In 2017, Instagram was the most used network for cyber-bullying.	1
He also loves to watch Star Trek.	1
Jedward’s first three albums are: Planet Jedward, Victory and Young Love.	1
He was recognized by George Washington and the Continental Congress for his service.	0
Tooie is famous for being significantly harder than its predecessor; jigsaw pieces are almost never in visible places or easily accessed, and abilities, powers, and items obtained from some worlds need to be used in others to complete tasks.	0
In biochemistry, the word is used for compounds that at least theoretically can be formed from the compound.	0
Scientific evidence shows that children not only have a stronger preference for sugar than adults, but that it is there before birth.	1
Chickens have prehistoric roots and are the closest living relative of the Tyrannosaurus Rex.	1
Ebola virus (EBOV) and the taxonomic ranks associated with it and its relatives (genus Ebolavirus, and species Bundibugyo ebolavirus, Reston ebolavirus, Sudan ebolavirus, Ta&amp;iuml; Forest ebolavirus, and Zaire ebolavirus) are named after this river.	0
A down to earth, practical, manipulative, and attractive young woman, Saki is somewhat ruthless and easily angered.	0
She is close friends with politician Nick Clegg, from their school days together.	1
The smallest bones in the human body are found in your ear	1
For a certain range of Q, which are around \sqrt x if we neglect logarithmic factors, the error averaged is nearly as small as \sqrt x.	0
Williams C.J., LePage, B.A., Vann D.R., Tange, T., Ikeda, H., Ando, M., Kusakabe, T., Tsuzuki, T. and T. Sweda.	0
The townland got its name well before the 18th or 19th century.	0
Larry Parks – The Jolson Story	0
“Without artistic prejudices,” Fiske Kimball observed, “he was a man of ability, honesty and simplicity, who devoted himself to efficient administration.” Le Normant de Tournehem reinstated the post of premier peintre du Roi which had been allowed to lapse, in favour of Charles Coypel, upon whose artistic advice he wisely depended.	0
The Giant Panda’s closest relation is the Red Panda.	1
Vans celebrated 50 years of operation on March 16, 2016.	1
Numerous celebrities from around the world frequently visit Phuket including Naomi Campbell, Kate Moss, Kevin Spacy and Leonardo DiCaprio.	1
The largest chocolate ever made was in the Netherlands; the chocolate marzipan took 3 days and weighed 4,078 lbs (1,850 kg).	1
The famous “d’oh” was written in the scripts as an “annoyed grunt”.	1
Creations from competing manufacturers such as Land Rover, Toyota, Nissan, Mitsubishi, Suzuki, and a few others all owe their beginnings in the 4x4 world to the inspiration of the Willys Jeep.	0
The Taj Mahal in India is made entirely out of marble	1
37 Douglas SBD-3 Dauntless, dive bombers	0
Microsoft’s Encyclopaedic software; Encarta was discontinued in 2009, it was codenamed Gandalf and its demise is often accounted to Wikipedia.	1
Monte das Gameleiras, Rio Grande do Norte	0
He was a football player with Preston North End.	1
The necromancers of Skull City, former followers of Acererak, go on to form a group known as the Votaries of Vecna, making a new home in the Black Spire on the Plane of Shadow.	0
The Baltic island of Gotland was also in a better strategic position for Russian-Byzantine trade, and was gaining eminence as a mercantile stronghold.	0
Nathan and Tom Parker helped a girl after she fainted and had a seizure.	1
Strangely, he wanted to name the second album, Alan.	1
In the year 608 AD, Emperor Phocas gave the Pantheon to Pope Boniface IV, who consecrated it as a church in honour of St Mary and the Martyrs.	1
Mitchell won a gold medal in coxed pairs at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as coxswain on the American boat.	0
H. W. Wilson Company, NY 1938.	0
Bounty (chocolate bar) contains coconut (it is known as Bounty outside of the U.S.)	0
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has started a campaign to allow legitimate users of Megaupload in the US access to their data and wants the data preserved for that reason.	0
P!nk won 8 awards in the MTV ceremonies between 2001-2006.	1
Same general description as the Clavinet I except the bronze-gold hammertone painted aluminium fascia panel below the keys has the word 'Clavinet II' in black at the left.	0
The character Neil Goldman is attracted to Meg.	1
Their tail can also be used as a form of communication when wafted through the air while carrying a scent.	1
The castle was constructed between 1246 and 1250 by Alexander of Stahleck-Dicka, Vogt to Andlau Abbey.	0
Worth became a ward sister at Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital.	1
At the same time, veteran soldiers were retained on the line until they were killed, wounded, or became incapacitated by battle fatigue or physical illness.	0
Receiver report (RR): The receiver report is for passive participants, those that do not send RTP packets.	0
The determination of the Council could be considered "semi-Augustinian".	0
Nelsan said he did not like Lafayette in the books, however he loved Lafayette’s script for the pilot episode.	1
The total area is 121.64 km².	0
Ladybugs, the small, spotted beetles that are commonly seen in gardens, come in a variety of colours and numbers of spots.	1
A study has shown that a male zebra finch is less likely to court a female zebra finch if he did not form any social friendships with female zebra finches when younger.	1
Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Economic Affairs	0
White gold is actually yellow gold which has been combined with a white metal such as palladium or nickel to give it a white hue.	1
His full name is André Haliggan.	1
Kastel Pomo (between Eel River and South Fork).	0
The flying saucer is now considered largely an icon of the 1950s and of B-movies in particular, and is a popular subject in comic science fiction.	0
On 5 February 2009, his performances with Saint-Étienne earned him his first call-up to the France under-21 team.	0
Hal Jordan’s arch nemesis, Sinestro of the Sinestro Corps, was originally Hal Jordan’s mentor and a member of the Green Lantern Corps.	1
As of July 2012, over 2,000 activists have been detained since protests began in Khartoum on 16 June, the activist group Girifna reported.	0
There is a butterfly in Africa with enough poison in its body to kill six cats!	1
The northern boundary of its occurrence commenced on the coast of the Sea of Japan at 44°N and ran south at a distance of 15–30 km (9.3–18.6 mi) from the coast to 43°10'N.	0
These different keyboard layouts arise mainly because different people need easy access to different symbols, either because they are inputting text in different languages, or because they need a specialized layout for mathematics, accounting, computer programming, or other purposes.	0
Raphael, or Raph, is a fictional character and one of the four protagonists of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all related media.	0
Planet of the Apes (Movie Adaptation) (2001 for Dark Horse Comics Written by Scott Allie)	0
Our solar system was formed more than 4 billion years ago!	1
He suggested to the Governor General, Warren Hastings, to establish a printing press in 1778.	0
Examples are domperidone, 400 mg ibuprofen up to 50 tablets and dextromethorphan.	0
Christmas tinsel was initially made of lead until the US government persuaded manufacturers to change it to plastic.	1
Mayim follows a vegan diet, meaning that she doesn’t consume any animal products at all.	1
Just like in real golf, PangYa club sets contain 4 basic type of clubs: woods, irons, wedges, and putters.	0
In 1882, candy canes were first hung on Christmas trees.	1
Ha!Bas-Saint-LaurentScience , public observatory with an interpretation centre about astronomy	0
The United States would never use silver dollars again.	0
In the lobby, Jasmine invites a couple of people to go upstairs with her.	0
The entire game plays in a similar fashion to id Software's Wolfenstein 3D, in that the player plays in a world that has no variation in height and is largely composed of right angles.	0
At the NAACP Image Awards, she received nomination for ‘Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture’ for her performance as June Boatwright in ‘The Secret Life of Bees.’	1
Hokey – House-elf belonging to Hepzibah Smith	0
Retrieved 14 February 2012 – via National Library of Australia.	0
Peace and Sport, is a neutral international organization based in the Principality of Monaco and placed under the High Patronage of H.S.H.	0
Another student labor campaign organization recently established on campus is the United Students Against Sweatshops (USAS).	0
Océane (pronounced oh-say-AHN) is a French name often used for females.	0
In 2008 Bravo launched its first weekly web series called "The Malan Show".	0
In its ancient form, the carrot was purple and not orange!	1
Stettin was part of the federation of Wendish towns, a predecessor of the Hanseatic League, in 1283.	0
The braille edition of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire takes up 10 books.	1
"Kylie Minogue" is an anagram of "You Like Minge".	1
Surviving relatives are present on all three continents.	0
Today, the British Navy requires all ships to carry enough lemons so that every sailor can have an ounce of juice a day.	1
For a summary of U.S. government financial commitments and investments related to the crisis, see .	0
const char *nativeString = (*env)->GetStringUTFChars(env, javaString, 0);	0
Dying is illegal in the Houses of Parliaments – This has been voted as the most ridiculous law by the British citizens.	1
Shoot-’em-up computer games aid multitasking – Shooting multiple enemies spreads your attention and means you’re constantly reacting to events.	1
The reported number of valid species in the genus varies from about 350 to 500 to 725 or 730.	0
For long-range target and metallic silhouette shooting, the "plastic-tipped 162gr A-Max has proven to be very accurate, with a 0.625 BC.	0
The head of a jellyfish is called the ‘Bell’!	1
There are more chickens than humans in Britain.	1
[152] Preceding attacks on humans, cougars display aberrant behavior, such as activity during daylight hours, a lack of fear of humans, and stalking humans.	0
Jack &amp; Jack’s first original song Distance was released in January 2014.	1
Final - 10.4s (→ Gold Medal)	0
Diving double axe handle, sometimes to the outside of the ring	0
By the end of his life Zao had stopped producing new paintings due to health problems.	0
When Queen Victoria died, for a short time she was known as HRH Princess Mary of Cornwall and York (as her father was now the eldest living son of the monarch and thus Duke of Cornwall as well as Duke of York) and then HRH	0
Two people have committed suicide by jumping off the statue, while several others have survived the fall.	1
Sudden Endings: 13 Profiles in Depth of Famous Suicides by M. J. Meaker, Garden City, NY: Doubleday & Company, Inc., 1964, pp.	0
2009–2010 Qianjiang Tan Tan head coach	0
Dr. Pepper also comes in a flavour which is caffeine free.	1
[58] The term "black panther" is used colloquially to refer to melanistic individuals of other species, particularly jaguars and leopards.	0
In Maria Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas Is You”, Santa Claus is played by Mariah’s then-husband Tommy Mottola.	1
Seeing this, the legatus (Roman lieutenant) Hortensius led his forces to counter this move, and were slowly separated from the rest of the Roman force as they spread to meet the enemy.	0
In 2009, the Arsenal team of 2003–04 were ranked fifth in the Daily Mail list of the 10 Greatest Teams Of All Time.	0
Melissa Dow Cullina is Editor for Botanists' Corner.	0
His mother Natalija Obrenović became his regent.	0
Each shutter rotated on an axle at its top operated from inside the battery.	0
By automatically analysing and evaluating these patterns, Sales Intelligence pro-actively identifies and delivers up-sell, cross-sell and switch-sell opportunities.	0
Jim Matheson (D) 54.8% John Swallow (R) 43.2% Jeremy Petersen (C) 1.0% Patrick Diehl (G) 0.6% Ronald Amos (Personal Choice) 0.4%	0
During autumn and summer 1943 the Wehrmacht suffered heavy losses in men and materiel at the hands of the Red Army on the Eastern Front.	0
His favorite book is The Autobiography of Malcom X.	1
Know where the exits are before you get in, and always keep track of where the bull is while you’re working.	0
People whose neighbours win the lottery are more likely to end up bankrupt.	1
Gaoyang also had a son, Gun, who fathered Yu the Great.	0
There are currently 63 recognized species in this genus:	0
Michael Jackson's song "We Are the World" raised $60 million for African hunger relief.	1
Kampf in Schnee und Eis (Leipzig, 1933)	0
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves.	1
The Freestyle featured what Ford describes as "command seating," seating with a higher H-point, to increase driver visibility and ease of entry and exit.	0
In 1877 over 18,000 of the residents were Chinese miners.	0
Its scientific name is Puma concolor.	1
A group of rhinos is called a crash	1
The film was a multiple winner at the 7th Golden Raspberry Awards, winning five awards.	0
While the monarch's position was implicitly supreme and protected by laws, even kings were subject to royal law, for royal law was thought of as God's law.	0
Against Romana's wishes, the Doctor leaves the Argolin and Foamasi to make up and the Randomiser attached to the Recreation Generator (thus leaving the TARDIS and time-travellers vulnerable from the Black Guardian).	0
Each hospital contained a lecture hall, kitchen, pharmacy, library, mosque and occasionally a chapel for Christian patients.	0
Ghazaravan ( ; also, Ghazavan, Nazyrvan, Nazrvan, and Nezrvan) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	0
The merger is intended to be completed in the 3rd quarter of the year and will create the largest bank in Spain.	0
AMW's sixth and final reign as the NWA Tag Team Champions was also the longest reign in the belt's history since its revived inception in 1998.	0
He has two brothers (Mitchell and Lloyd).	1
The first ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.	1
These troughs form when the crust is stretched until it breaks.	0
Although holding two or more episcopal sees in plurality was both uncanonical and against the spirit of the Benedictine Reform, Wulfstan had inherited this practice from previous archbishops of York, and he was not the last to hold York and Worcester in plurality.	0
Ballet Austin (formerly Austin Ballet Society)	0
When visiting the park, you are never more than 30 steps from a trashcan.	1
Mali Koa Hood competed on The Voice.	1
When asked which artist is his biggest inspiration on Ask FM he chose Pablo Picasso.	1
Parisians suffered shortages of food, firewood, coal and medicine.	0
By August 1999, the band had sold a total of a quarter of a million albums across Europe and the US.	0
In season eight, Crowley has discovered another Word of God tablet that will allow him to re-open the gates of Hell, but the Winchesters and Kevin have learned that the tablet also contains a ritual that would permanently seal the gates of Hell and cut off all demons from Earth.	0
They lost to Wisconsin in the Frozen Four semifinals.	0
There’s a reason why cats are likely to survive high falls – they have more time to prepare for the landing.	1
These platforms link new artists, designers, project initiators with committed supporters who believe in the persons behind the projects strongly enough to provide monetary support.	0
The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.	1
Mayim’s full name is Mayim Hoya Bialik.	1
Montbel built the Château de l'Épine on the ridge above Nances and placed the holy thorn relic in the castle's chapel.	0
Infamous gangster Al Capone (aka Scarface) got his face scars from a fight in a diner where he was working as a waiter.	1
A group of peafowl is known as a harem.	1
When Nancy loses her job and the pair are trapped at home together with Mrs. Connelly, their rage turns to homicidal fantasy as they plot ways to get rid of their no-good neighbor - finally deciding to hire a hitman, Chick, to kill her.	0
He says it would be the ultimate satisfaction to win Daytona away from Wong.	0
During his six-decade career, from 1907 to 1966, he produced sheet music, Broadway shows, recordings, and scores played on radio, in films and on television, and his tunes continue to evoke powerful emotions for millions around the world.	0
The name was soon changed to Decades of Darkness and finally to Iron Fire.	0
Her first stage role was in The Tempest at the Oxford Playhouse.	1
Meanwhile, he had to fulfill his military duty from 1952 until 1957, working every Saturday with the Air Defense.	0
They can live from just a few days up to a year.	1
2Pac "dissed" Mobb Deep (along with The Notorious B.I.G.)	0
The Resistance part but reunite six months later when they discover that King Zenoheld of Vestal has attacked the Six Ancient Warriors in an attempt to steal the Attribute Energies.	0
The anemone then eats the larger fish, leaving the remains for the clownfish.	1
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan hounds.	1
He mainly wields guns as weapons, but can use knives as well: all of these factors make him a power-type character.	0
Meanwhile, Holy Moses begins work on their third studio effort.	0
Some days into the action the miners organised the Clunes Miners' Association and what were to become known as the Clunes Riots, successfully resisting the use of foreign labour as strikebreakers.	0
The 1984 hit “Thank God It’s Christmas” was released in 1984 and was never part of any Queen album of the time.	1
He is pescetarian, which is basically a vegetarian but eats fish and seafood.	1
When the television series went on summer break in 1957, Nelson made his first road trip and played four state and county fairs in Ohio and Wisconsin with the Four Preps, who opened and closed for him.	0
Generally, lions are calm, quiet and elusive.	0
In disgust, Sorrel spits on the golden scale which the Professor gave to Ben.	0
A group of wild swans is known as a herd, however a group in captivity are called a fleet.	1
Following the 1979 invasion of Afghanistan by the USSR, the 1980 Moscow Olympics saw 66 nations boycott the games.	1
After graduating, he served for a short time in the office of the Governor of Simbirsk, before moving to Saint Petersburg where he worked as government translator and private tutor, while publishing poetry and fiction in private almanacs.	0
QV stands for "Quantz Verzeichnis", and Anh.	0
Taylor’s first single was called Tim McGraw, which reached the top ten songs for the country charts in 2006.	1
Haiti qualified for the 1974 FIFA World Cup.	0
It was only in the year 1952 when Jomalig, Quezon was subdivided for agricultural and residential lots sponsored by Mayor Mamerto P. Azarias and the Municipal Council.	0
He "has been a regular contributor to progressive magazines like Mother Jones and The Nation for the better part of his writing career" and has continued to write for those publications, as well as for The American Conservative, CounterPunch, The New York Review of Books, and the Utne Reader.	0
The training simulator of FN-6 is also used for later versions of MANPADS developed from FN-6.	0
There are approximately 900 different species of sheep in the world.	1
Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland, 2009, First edition 2006.	0
Flight is fast and direct on their short wings.	0
Meanwhile, German manufacturers were producing concertinas with more than 20 buttons for local sale.	0
1990WimbledonGrassFStefan Edberg6–2, 6–2, 3–6, 3–6, 6–4	0
, a Game Boy Advance game called Castlevania in Europe;	0
The average porcupine has 30,000 spikes!	1
Traffic drives on the left in all three parts of the territory, as is the case in the United Kingdom itself.	0
On April 13, 2002 against the Cleveland Cavaliers, Newble set a then career single-game high with 17 points and a career-high 12 rebounds.	0
A causeway linking an offshore hospital to the main island was temporarily shut down after being inundated by water.	0
There is a constellation named after the wonderful bird, the Tucana has most of the small magellanic cloud inside it.	1
His third round opponent was be world number 2 and eventual champion Novak Djokovic, in a significant step up from his previous opponents.	0
Globus Aerostaticus Hot air balloon1798Jérôme Lalande	0
It is illegal to slaughter a cow in several Indian states because of the religious significance.	1
In 1649, Lilburne had published a violent attack on Hesilrige, whom he accused of obstructing the payment of the money granted him by the parliamentary ordinance of 28 December 1648.	0
Much damage was done to these wood constructions with the arrival of the shipworm (Teredo navalis), a bivalve thought to have been brought to the Netherlands by VOC trading ships, that ate its way through Dutch sea defenses around 1730.	0
On March 19th 2012, he reached 2 million Twitter fans.	1
The first ORF encodes a RNA-binding protein of 500 amino acid lengths that weighs 40 kDA.	0
In Justice League Chronicles, Eclipso noted that Killer Frost was the only one with a heart dark enough to free him from his prison.	0
IstanbulTurkeyISTLTBAAtatürk International Airport (resumes 1 August 2014)	0
These two concepts can be viewed in psychological terms or processes, with the pleasure principle being considered the primary process that is moderated by the secondary process, or the reality principle.	0
The book won the 2000 World History Association Book Prize, the Forest Society book prize, among other awards, and has been translated into at least 6 languages.	0
In those cases, the Left button is assigned to the snare drum pad, Right to the floor tom, and Start to the left cymbal.	0
Mile3:50.92January 26, 2013Boston University Terrier Invitational	0
Donald Trump is 72 years old, he was born on 14th June 1946 in New York City, New York.	1
Image:Zdravko Čolić concert - Spaladium Arena - full house.jpg|Čolić concert - full house	0
This is especially true in the north of the country.	0
Elite Impact DamsElite Impact Dams are cows that meet the criteria of an Impact Dam, plus have had at least 3 calves whose weaning weight (205 day weight) ratio is 100 or greater.	0
of their body weight at 200 days.	0
They placed 15th at the 1978 World Figure Skating Championships.	0
Villages with fortified churches in Transylvania	0
Simon is expecting his first child with Jocelyn Towne in Spring 2012.	1
The tallest tree ever was an Australian eucalyptus – In 1872 it was measured at 435 feet tall!	1
Naï is a town in the Bané Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.	0
It is illegal to slaughter a cow in several Indian states because of the religious significance.	1
Produced by 3Beat Productions and AATW (UK)	0
(May 24, 1976 – February 12, 2009 retired)	0
It is also found in the exoskeleton of insects, and phospholipids (found in all biological membranes).	0
The Ellsworth Court and later life	0
"You Don't Know (How Young You Are)" (Powell St. John)	0
The seat gains reflect changes on the 1997 general election result.	0
By 2016, Taylor Caniff had reached 2.2 million followers on Twitter and 2.3 million loyal fans on Vine.	1
Ušivak is a village in the municipality of Hadžići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	0
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.	0
You can use Google as a timer by typing "Set timer (x) minutes" into the search bar.	1
True Blood (2010) – Franklin Mott	0
Footwear for Nike is manufactured mainly in China, Indonesia and Vietnam, but many of the shoes have also been made in the USA.	1
|After Burner||Activision||Software Studios, Foursfield, Focus Creative Enterprises, Keith Burkhill, Jon Paul Eldridge, Mark A. Jones||Sega ||1988	0
More than 2,000 weapons and 10,000 arrows were created for the filming of the LotR trilogy.	1
The term downloading is distinguished from the related concept of streaming, which indicates the receiving of data that is used nearly immediately as it is received, while the transmission is still in progress and which may not be stored long-term, whereas in a process described using the term downloading, this would imply that the data is only usable when it has been received in its entirety.	0
Olympiacos3 - 1Real Madrid88 - 7979 - 7363 - 7178 - 75	0
The modern Tuatara retains the basic lepidosaur skull, distinguishing it from true lizards in spite of superficial similarities.	0
During the construction of the Baikal–Amur Mainline, goods were shipped up the Kirenga to Magistralny.	0
In 1912, Olympic gold medals were entirely made from gold but modern medals contain only 6 grams of gold.	1
Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts	0
The album, being the first Fatboy Slim album released in four years, represented a significant shift in style for Cook, with a reduction in the traditional Fatboy Slim reliance on vocal loops, and the introduction of real instruments (Cook himself returns to his Housemartins roots by contributing live bass on some tracks, with engineer/mixer/executive producer Simon Thornton also adding guitar) and more conventional song structures.	0
Welfare Capitalists believed that anger and unrest among the workers could be placated by raising colliers' standard of living, while subsuming it under company management.	0
The force of the impoundment creates a downward thrust upon the mass of the dam, greatly increasing the weight of the dam on its foundation.	0
Cattle offer the commercial cattleman ease of calving, earlier growth, good early weight gains and mostly muscle.	0
Jake has also appeared in Radio Free Roscoe.	0
At Leyte in mid-February 1945 she commenced interisland escort duties in the Philippines, extending her range to the Netherlands East Indies in June.	0
Numerous other strategies for covalent modification of capillary surfaces exist.	0
After Rio 2016, the USA secured a world record for “the most medals won by a country in a single discipline” after winning 22 in the men’s long jump.	1
53% of women don't leave home without makeup on	1
A Keeper is the loop on a belt that keeps the end in place after it has passed through the buckle.	1
An average cow has more than 40,000 jaw movements per day.	1
It is similar to direct metal laser sintering (DMLS); the two are instantiations of the same concept but differ in technical details.	0
Becky G’s also worked with Will.I.Am on the song Problem (The Monster Remix) for the 2012 animated film Hotel Transylvania.	1
Other than water and tea, beer is the world’s most popular beverage.	1
The vast majority of Kota Bharu's population is ethnically Malay.	0
These tinkling, melodious devices were created by the Ancient Romans and by the Chinese and other Asian people.	1
Beethoven’s 9th Symphony features a finale using a choir although singers within a symphony was a crazy idea at the time, yet it paid off as Beethoven’s 9th changed the face of classical music forever.	1
The Medway's 'marriage' to the Thames is given extensive treatment by Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queene in the 16th century (Book IV, Canto xi).	0
There he proceeded to refit his troops and fill up the ranks with new volunteers from the nearby towns, waiting for the arrival of reinforcements, mainly the Colombian Alto Magdalena Battalion, and new intelligence on the whereabouts of the Royalist army.	0
Outraged when he found out about her pregnancy, Jorden had demanded Day get an abortion.	0
The interstate highways that continue into Washington, including I-66 and I-395, both terminate shortly after entering the city.	0
Cloutier, Edouard : 1877 - 1885	0
A siege was required at Naples, however, where the report of Totila's courteous treatment of Romans at Cumae and other surrounding towns undermined morale.	0
The reason Pikachu became Ash’s main character was because yellow is brighter and more noticeable, particularly since the comic was aimed at children.	1
Justin goes to church and is a Christian.	1
His order said the name of the 'God of Israel' must be obliterated wherever it was displayed in Protestant churches.	0
Some types of livestock are: cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and chickens.	1
Despite often being under political ban, Erbakan nonetheless acted as a mentor and informal advisor to former Refah members who founded the Virtue Party in 1997, among them the current Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.	0
[Source: Adrian Higgins, Washington Post, July 22, 2013]	0
Amur leopards, also known as Far East leopards, Manchurian leopards or Korean leopards, are found in the Russian Far East.	1
The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.	0
Cuarón's brother Carlos, as well as his son Jonás, are writers and directors as well and both acted as co-writers in some of his works.	0
The first Burger King was opened in Florida Miami in 1954	1
Gimli’s armour weighted around 30KG !	1
Kanye West has said that he thought out becoming a porn star once or twice as a way of making money before his music career took off.	1
Some depict the voice of the speaker merely as a “construct ” character by the author to “generate…reader interest, sympathy, and involvement that deserve closer attention”.	0
31.05.1999 vs. 31/05/1999), whether leading zeros are included (e.g.	0
The most basic terms used are glabrous&mdash;lacking hairs&mdash; and pubescent&mdash;having hairs.	0
Phosphatidylcholine is also available as a supplement, in pill or powder form.	0
She was also an avid epistler who corresponded assiduously with colleagues and former students alike.	0
Chromel is a registered trademark of	0
The second section contains those banks which maintain separate currencies.	0
Hayes has many, many Snapchat names… try adding: thehayesgrier3, thhayesgrier or yaboyhayesg.	1
They have their own web sites.	0
Calvin Coolidge: Calvin Coolidge’s swearing-in oath was administered by his father, a Notary Public and Justice of the Peace.	1
Another variation of this involves squatting with the balls of the feet on the ground and arms crossed in front and above the face.	0
The Ahlström family are still significant shareholders in the Ahlstrom Corporation.	0
A year later, in 1957, MUSIC, one of the first computer programs to play electronic music, was created by Max Mathews.	0
"Genomic Ancestry of the American Puma".	0
Her first acting role was in The Piano, which earnt her an Academy Award for ‘Best Supporting Actress’.	1
As Eleanor Doyle writes: "Economic decision-making in free markets is decentralized across all the individuals dispersed in each market and is synchronized or coordinated by the price system."	0
There are 47 people named "Lol" in the U.S.	1
Â Leopards are widely spread over the sub-Saharan Africa and Asia.	0
Taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments	0
Little Mix consists of four members, who are Jade Thirlwall, Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jesy Nelson.	1
In 2000, he starred in To the Green Fields Beyond at the Donmar Warehouse (directed by Sam Mendes, the man behind American Beauty).	0
The film begins as a chronicle of Rick Ray's journey through India to interview Tenzin Gyatso.	0
Made of soapstone that originated in Norway or Sweden, the depiction was carved around the year 1000 CE and features a face with a curled mustache and scarred lips.	0
ASK, which stands for Army Sports Club, was the first European Cup winner in 1958 and managed to defend its title in 1959 and 1960.	0
About 18,390 cattle were registered in the US in 2015.	1
"Light of a Thousand Smiles" (Peterik) - 4:58	0
Female condors lays a single egg once every 2 years	1
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.	1
Japan's criminal courts have a 99% conviction rate.	1
chapter=A nineteenth-century Kurdish scholar in South Africa	0
The maximum laughter happens over social responses which mean that only 10-15 percent of it is actually due to jokes.	1
On 3rd November 2014, Shawn announced that he would be touring with Taylor Swift as one of the opening acts on her 1989 tour.	1
Darlington transistor – NPN or PNP	0
This was the next to last major Confederate Army to surrender.	0
A black panther is really a black leopard.	1
At the levels below the World Group and World Group II, the Fed Cup nations compete in Zonal Competition events, which are split into three zones: The Americas Zone, the Asia/Oceania Zone and the Europe/Africa Zone.	0
According to a second source, the two oldest houses in the compound were called Mahitsielafanjaka ("one who is upright rules long") and Manatsarakely ("small and great").	0
The game also includes multiplayer games, classes, different times of day, Quidditch, Wizard Duels and Potion making.	0
Aitor Hernández Gutiérrez (born 24 January 1982 in Ermua, Basque Country) is a Spanish racing cyclist who is currently not under contract to any team.	0
Burton and Selick reunited to produce and direct the musical fantasy, James and Giant Peach, based on the Roald Dahl book.	1
Chocolate milk is an effective post-workout recovery drink.	1
It conducts research into works by the founding members of the movement and their early 20th century contemporaries.	0
Shabalala described this as a beautiful sound, and one not yet achieved by his group of the time.	0
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.	0
The odds of being stuck by lighting is 280,000 to 1	1
In 1998, India said it would only sign the treaty if the United States presented a schedule for eliminating its nuclear stockpile, a condition the United States rejected.	0
You have to eat 5kg (11lb) of potatoes to put on .5kg (1lb) of weight (a potato has no more calories than an apple)	1
Even though he moved to Los Angeles for acting, to this day has never had formal acting training.	1
Many Russian proverbs are connected to this soup, such as Shchi da kasha pishcha nasha ( , "Shchi and porridge are our staples").	0
Lady Gaga taught herself to play piano by ear when she was just four years old.	1
Bulls are capable of remaining profitable at stud to the age of 12 or more.	1
Priscilla Cooper Tyler (1816–1889): First Lady of the United States	0
The windows are mere slits; those of the tambours (the cylinders on which the cupolas rest) are curved and slant at an angle of 70 degrees, as though the tambours were leaning to one side.	0
The day of the execution, he joined the Committee of General Security where he sat until June.	0
White cats with blue eyes are usually deaf	1
In mid-ocean, the crew radios for help and sets in motion a rescue operation.	0
He was born on 25th June, making his star sign, Cancer.	1
In late 2002, the band courted Helena Michaelsen (from Trail of Tears) as its frontwoman, but shortly after she was replaced by the then unknown Simone Simons, who was Jansen’s girlfriend at the time.	0
Bolt beat his own previous mark by over a tenth of a second, an achievement statisticians claimed was 20 years ahead of schedule in the long term scheme of the 100 metres world record progression.	0
Peaches, Pears, apricots, quinces, strawberries, and apples are members of the rose family!	1
1947 and 1953: runway at Orly airport	0
On 5 August 1959 Wilfrid Noyce, together with C. J. Mortlock and Jack Sadler, made the first British ascent of the Welzenbach route.	0
He lost support among the troops, and faced a mutiny, eventually quelled by Kościuszko, on 10 June.	0
Cuba has an active maximum wage law, where individuals cannot earn more than 20 U.S. dollars per month.	1
clues ETE, summer in Nice, France ( being French for "summer"), rather than a nice (pleasant) summer.	0
Before they reached international stardom, The Beatles auditioned for Decca Records, who rejected them saying they had "no future in show business."	1
The march started at Gwalior on October 2, 2012, and arrived in Delhi on October 29, 2012.	0
She left Paramount less than two years later in January 2007.	0
"If Russia’s interests are ignored, we will also have to start reviewing the fundamentals of our relations", Putin stated.	0
NHL legend Bob Nystrom, NBA’s Michael Jordan, and soccer superstar David Beckham all wore/wear the number 23 jersey.	1
It was this mildness that cost him his crown (Yoma 22b; Num.	0
Other Sunni schools usually have twelve Takbirs, seven in the first, and five at the beginning of the second raka'ah.	0
was released in June 1965, over a year passed before the group's next single was released.	0
In 1870, amid the continuing civil wars, Penlop Jigme Namgyal of Trongsa ascended to the office of Druk Desi.	0
Elite Impact DamsElite Impact Dams are cows that meet the criteria of an Impact Dam, plus have had at least 3 calves whose weaning weight (205 day weight) ratio is 100 or greater.	0
Community planning goes hand in hand with sustainable development and thus Rolf Disch dedicates much of his design and planning to the symbiosis of his projects' surroundings.	0
If you put Saturn in water it would float.	1
The most goals ever scored in a single World Cup game is an impressive 5, which was scored by Oleg Salenko of Russia in 1994.	1
But the Kings began an unbelievable comeback in the third period, scoring four goals and finally tying the game on a goal by left winger Steve Bozek at 19:55 of the third period and sending the game into overtime.	0
Returning to Constantinople from his successful mission Papaflessas again came to the attention of the Turkish authorities and had to flee.	0
Selena and Justin Bieber gave a newly wed couple a wedding to remember – the duo crashed their wedding in Malibu and posed for the camera with the bride and groom.	1
He also named his newborn son "Boston".	0
Selena is working on a film What Boys Want which is in the cinemas in 2013.	1
The beaches are pristine – a pretty light blue, warm, very gentle, and as clear as a glass of water.	0
99% of people with Down syndrome said that they were happy with their life in a 2011 survey.	1
During my adolescence I lived over two years in Constantinople.	0
During the attack the briefcase is struck by a bullet, causing a display on it to begin counting down, and it to leak an unknown grey fluid from the bullet hole.	0
A muslin or stockinette "jelly bag" is traditionally used as a filter, suspended by string over a bowl to allow the straining to occur gently under gravity.	0
Half of all new cars in Norway are electric or hybrid.	1
The default Korn shell is ksh93 supplied as /usr/bin/ksh , and the older version is available as /usr/bin/ksh88 .	0
In 2015, it was discovered that the number 1 cause of death for policemen is suicide, mainly due to the stress caused by the job itself.	1
The theme of David and Bathsheba has an old David, and this is unusual especially as artists generally follow the Bible, in which David sent a young messenger to Bathsheba rather than going to meet her in person, as in the painting by Jan Matsys in the Louvre.	0
There are only 50 people known to have been born on an aeroplane.	1
The traditional black and white football is known as the Telstar design and first appeared in 1968.	1
Prior to 1951, footballs were almost all made from brown leather.	1
There are 8 B vitamins.	1
A recent survey by MIT asked 2 million people from over 200 countries who should be prioritised in an accident involving an automate vehicle.	1
The term “blockbuster” originated during WW2 and referred to large (usually over 4000lb) bombs that could destroy an entire block.	1
This year’s Christmas “yard” tube of McVities' Jaffa Cakes has 16.7% less jaffa cakes than last year.	1
Around 2400 BC, the Sumerians noticed the circular path the Sun made across the sky.	1
In the US in 2018, Mississippi spent the longest on PornHub (11m 23s per visit) and Kansas lasted the shortest (9m 21s).	1
The Philippines spent the most time per visit on PornHub in 2018 - 13m 50s on average.	1
The Voyager 2 space probe has just become the second man-made object to leave our solar system.	1
1970s British punk band U.K. Subs named their albums with consecutive letters of the alphabet.	1
Bob Ross' hair was actually straight.	1
Drinking coffee helps reduce long-term memory loss.	1
As of today, “Le Grand K” has been retired.	1
Your DNA only has about 7% influence on how long you will live.	1
You will tan more if you go out in the sun every other day.	1
The error pages on Amazon feature the dogs of their employees.	1
Disney owns an island in the Bahamas.	1
Steve Wozniak, who invented and made the first Apple computers, give the first one away to a school.	1
John Carpenter's classic horror film "The Thing" contained no female characters.	1
Producing 1kg of beef needs 15,000 litres of water.	1
The first public screening of a motion picture was in 1895.	1
Duffel bags are named after the Belgian town that supplied the thick cloth used to make them - Duffel, in Flanders.	1
Drinking pure water will kill you.	1
The UK traditionally has separate hot and cold taps due to an old regulation that prevented potentially contaminated hot water being drawn back into the mains cold water.	1
Dogs can sniff out identical twins.	1
At the height of its inflation, it took 2,600,000 bolivares to buy a toilet roll in Venezuela.	1
When #Jägermeister was invented in 1934, founder Curt Mast wanted a stable bottle that wouldn't break if they hit the floor.	1
Less than 1% of vanilla is real.	1
Joseph Stalin had webbed feet.	1
The NOT “funfact” is that an elephant is killed every 25 minutes.	1
Dwayne Johnson has had the same stunt double, Tanoai Reed, for 16 years.	1
The French spend the most time each day eating and drinking (2hr 15m).	1
Joey Chestnut has just beaten his own hotdog eating record.	1
Quriyat in Oman just experienced the highest "low" temperature ever recorded.	1
Catch-22 was originally going to be called Catch 18.	1
55 years ago today, Russian astronaut Valentina Tereshkova became the world's first woman in space.	1
The average time for a baby to be born is 4am.	1
When astronauts placed temperature sensors on moon, their footprints exposed darker soil.	1
Bodybuilders using gyms in Belgium, Sweden, Denmark and Norway can be randomly tested for steroids.	1
Tiger Woods has had 19 hole-in-ones.	1
Uranus is surrounded by fart gas.	1
The first real web browser, Mosaic is 25 years old today.	1
King Mswati III of Swaziland currently has 15 wives.	1
The Volvo XC90 is the UK’s safest car.	1
Stanley Kubrick’s Vietnam movie Full Metal Jacket was actually filmed in England.	1
A UK study found 13% of the public had traces of cocaine on their fingers and 1% had traces of heroin - even though they weren’t users.	1
Backwards running (aka retro running) is popular in Japan.	1
The world’s first recorded St Patrick's Day Parade was actually in Boston on 18th March, 1737.	1
Cream tea etiquette in the UK dictates that people from Devon spread clotted cream first, then jam.	1
A kiwi bird lays an egg that is 20% of the mother’s body weight.	1
An average human baby is 20 times smaller than its mother.	1
Elon Musk’s Falcon Heavy is NOT the most powerful rocket ever.	1
Nominative determinism is the theory that people tend to gravitate towards jobs that fit their names.	1
During the Super Bowl in 2017, traffic on PornHub dropped by 27%.	1
The military term “klick” (km) originated from recording each lot of 100m paces using the gas regulator switch on a rifle.	1
January is named after Janus, the god with 2 faces, who looks back into the old year and forward to the new.	1
2018 is a composite number made from 2 prime numbers (2x1009).	1
Turkeys are capable of virgin birth.	1
The most popular password in 2017 was “123456" (for the 5th year running).	1
Wine glasses are 7x bigger than they were 300 years ago.	1
In 1980 Apple sponsored a Porsche 935 K3 in the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance car race.	1
The nicknames of the 4 original Pac Man ghosts are Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde.	1
Old ships were steered via a rudder on the right.	1
Men lose more socks than women.	1
The preferred way to dispose of a worn out US flag is to burn it.	1
JustinBieber has just become the 2nd person to reach 100m Twitter followers.	1
If you enjoy these #FunFacts, may I ask a small (optional) favour?	1
The packing robots at the McVities biscuit factory are named after London tube stations.	1
When the UK £5 was redesigned and introduced in 2016, the Queen received the first one.	1
Nations with an average penis size under 4.7" or over 6.2" are less economically developed.	1
Your digestive system contains 100 million neurons.	1
Generally speaking, you'll feel thirsty after a 2-4% reduction in normal levels of body water.	1
Every professional clown in the UK has a unique face paint design.	1
Nomophobia is the fear of being without a mobile phone.	1
As of 2017, there is about 10 exabytes of data produced every day.	1
Toblerone comes from Bern, Switzerland - also known as the “City of Bears”.	1
The 2017 Oscars goodie bag is valued at over $100k.	1
According to science, the saddest Radiohead song is ‘True Love Waits’.	1
According to the OECD the top 3 hardest working countries are Mexico, Costa Rica and South Korea.	1
In a study of the most specific words used by each 2017 US election candidate, Clinton's top word was "Senator".	1
Black peppercorns result from drying green, unripe pepper berries.	1
Pornhub traffic drops by 17% after 6pm on Valentines Day.	1
Johnny Depp is Hollywood's most overpaid actor in 2016.	1
In 200 million years, the earth will have a 25 hour day.	1
Putin is a huge fan of the Beatles.	1
The Canadian Post Office has an official post code for Santa.	1
Once awarded, you can't give back a Nobel Prize.	1
Taser (the high voltage stun gun) is an acronym of Thomas A.	1
It's now a US federal crime to take a Galaxy Note 7 on a plane.	1
3000 miles east of New Zealand is the so-called "Spacecraft Cemetery".	1
Today's date is a palindromic (reads the same backwards and forwards).	1
Sam Allardyce is the only England football manager to have a 100% win record.	1
It took 400,000 lines of code to launch the original space shuttle.	1
North Korea has just officially banned sarcasm.	1
Dutch malarial mosquitos prefer biting the face.	1
It always used to display 9:42am on the screen in iPhone ads.	1
An average man jogs at 8.3 mph (100m in 27 seconds).	1
An iPhone 6S Plus or HTC 10 have better reception in your right hand.	1
Team Great Britain Olympic cyclists are banned from shaving or waxing their pubic hair.	1
There is actually a 4th Olympic medal.	1
Countries often pay athletes for winning Olympic gold medals.	1
A Rio gold medal is actually silver, plated with gold.	1
A gold medal from Rio is worth $564 (£429).	1
American athletes pay tax on their medals.	1
Hand sanitisers that claim to kill 99.9% of germs only really kill 45%-60%.	1
The phrase "World Wide Web" was in common usage as early as 1853.	1
The World Wide Web was nearly called The Information Mine (TIM).	1
A fifth of the world's gold is hidden under London.	1
In 1997, ex Soviet president Gorbachev appeared in a tv ad for Pizza Hut.	1
The Rio Olympics organizers are giving out 42 condoms for each athlete.	1
There is more than $1.4 trillion worth of U.S. currency is in circulation.	1
Iceland has a penis museum.	1
3% of UK £1 coins are fake.	1
The "i" prefix to Apple products means "internet".	1
Most wireless devices works at 2.4GHz.	1
Hormones produced during puberty affect melanocyte cells that darken skin.	1
In the 17th century, Mercury was used to make hat felt.	1
2016 is a leap year.	1
Jay Leno once worked at McDonalds.	1
The technical name for stomach gurgle noise is borborygmi.	1
When counting down to detonate an explosion, it is normal to not say "5" as it sounds too similar to "Fire!	1
Anosmia is the inability to smell.	1
An astronaut on the ISS for a year produces 180lbs (82kg) of poop.	1
Globophobia is the fear of balloons.	1
BBC's QI was supposed to be hosted by Michael Palin (of Monty Python fame) but he refused.	1
As a guide, an average man in his 20's should be able to do 23 push-ups without stopping.	1
The 'dark side of the moon' refers to the 'far side'.	1
Bats feed naturally grip when relaxed.	1
Microsoft has calculated that our attention span in 2015 is just 8 seconds.	1
The deepest man-made hole in the world is the Kola Superdeep Borehole in Russia.	1
A study of 15,521 men found the average flaccid penis is 9.16 cm (3.61") long.	1
A second will be added to 2015 to account for the earths slowing rotation.	1
The Wolf of Wall Street was the most illegally downloaded movie of 2014.	1
The baby in the Teletubbies sun was Jess Smith from the UK.	1
7 different lions have appeared in the MGM movies logo.	1
Between 37,000 to 78,000 tons of meteorites hit Earth’s surface each year.	1
The University of Pennsylvania has produced more millionaires than any other US university.	1
Mark Zuckerberg sets a big goal each year.	1
Brontosaurus isn't a dinosaur.	1
The iPhone 6 (and HTC One M8) bends when 70lbs of pressure is applied.	1
One gram of human DNA can hold 700 terabytes of data.	1
Jingle Bells was the first song played in space.	1
The first sky written ad using an airplane was in 1922.	1
Child actor Peter Ostrum's only role was playing Charlie in the 1971 movie Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.	1
A Tyrannosaurus Rex ran at about 18mph.	1
In 2001, Wayne Booth travelled the length of the UK by motorbike.	1
Mohammed is the most popular name for baby boys in Norway's capital, Oslo.	1
A comic containing Superman's debut appearance has sold for $3.2 million at auction.	1
Model Gisele Bundchen earns $5,365 an hour.	1
Pencil erasers aren't made from natural rubber due to allergies.	1
SWAT is an acronym for "Special Weapons And Tactics".	1
The fastest video camera in the world takes 4.4 trillion frames per second.	1
Humans have 3 colour receptors (red, blue, green).	1
The Golden Gate Bridge is painted in a colour called International Orange.	1
John Wayne had his nickname "Duke" from childhood.	1
0° Fahrenheit is the lowest temperature water turns to ice when salt is added.	1
The magnetic north pole is moving from its current location in Canada towards Siberia.	1
August 2014 has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays.	1
"Soho" originates from a hunting cry used in London when the area was a hunting ground.	1
"A113" is often hidden in Pixar and Disney animations.	1
For its size, the Paratarsotomus macropalpis mite is the fastest runner on Earth.	1
Female Brazilian neotrogla cave insects have a penis and males have a vagina.	1
The most popular pin code is 1234.	1
There is no word for freedom in the Inuit language.	1
Denmark consumes the most apples per head.	1
3% of the £1 coins in circulation in the UK are fake.	1
Blue whales keep all the earwax they produce during their lives.	1
To mate, male flatworms try to stab each other with their penises.	1
The largest known living thing is actually a fungus, the honey mushroom.	1
The top 5 most used passwords in 2013 were: 123456, password, 12345678, qwerty and abc123.	1
The classic 'green hill and blue sky' Windows XP desktop background is a hill in Sonoma, California.	1
If you received all if the gifts in The 12 Days of Christmas, you'd have 364 gifts.	1
There is a dwarf planet between Mars and Jupiter called Ceres.	1
It is illegal in most countries to wash eggs before selling them to the public.	1
Both male and female blonds have more hair, with an average of 130,000 hairs.	1
Kids in the U.S. see an average of 254 McDonalds ads each year.	1
It rains Diamonds on Saturn.	1
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button.	1
In English, a dog goes "woof".	1
The Pitcairn Islands have the lowest population of any nation.	1
The Clintons put a Twinky bar in the Millennium Time Capsule buried at the White House.	1
NASA's launch pad has a hidden 200 foot slide ending in a rubber room.	1
Scientists have calculated the 'best' animals in the world.	1
The word for the overuse of exclamation marks is Bangorrhea!!	1
The White House has been valued at $319,483,628.	1
Sesame Street was nearly called 123 Avenue B.	1
Until 1936, King Edward VII used a unique timezone for his Sandringham estate to "create" more evening daylight.	1
The Argentinian Lake Duck has a 16 inch long spiral penis.	1
Pitch resin is 230 billion times thicker than water.	1
The record for folding a single piece of paper on itself is 12.	1
Black holes aren't black.	1
It takes roughly 500 pages to stop a 9mm hollow point bullet.	1
The typeface used on Apple keyboards was originally designed for Volkswagen AG.	1
According to research my Men's Health, St. Louis, Missouri has the worst drivers in the US.	1
India produces over a third of the world's tractors.	1
You can't get lost in a labyrinth.	1
In Norwegian, "gift" is the word for "poison".	1
A housefly's wings beat at roughly 345 strokes a second.	1
Hippopotamus milk is pink.	1
King Louis XIV of France passed a law that only his friends could wear red heels.	1
Moss contains arachidonic acid which helps cells work at low temperatures.	1
Each year, Disney has 125 million visitors worldwide to its theme parks.	1
Van Halen's tour contract requested a bowl of M&Ms with all the brown ones removed.	1
Metallic antimony pills were once used to treat digestive problems.	1
The most children born to a single mother is 69.	1
Icelanders take the most days off work a year.	1
When typing Wombles into an iPhone, the predictive text suggests Wimbledon.	1
Silent Night was originally written in German by Franz Gruber.	1
In the western world, the average man owns 12 pairs if shoes.	1
In 2011, Lior and Vardit Adler named their child "Like".	1
Ancient Egyptians shaved their eyebrows when their cat died.	1
Magnús Scheving (aka Sporatacus from Lazy Town) has never been drunk.	1
An average millipede has 62 legs.	1
A kitchen sponge is 200,000 times dirtier than a toilet seat.	1
Any actor who plays James Bond must have hair.	1
The first documented example of ASCII art was by Flora Stacey in 1898.	1
Yawning is infectious.	1
In 1705, Tsar of Russia, Peter the Great, introduced a beard tax.	1
The patent for barcodes was filed in 1952.	1
Hurricane names are chosen from a fixed name list which rotates every 6 years.	1
Hurricanes used to be named after women.	1
In the 1936 Berlin Summer Olympics, Haiti and Liechtenstein found they had the same flag.	1
When eBay changed its yellow background to white, users complained.	1
Gangnam Style is officially the most liked video on YouTube.	1
Pirates of old spoke just like everyone else.	1
Britain has approx 700 distinct local cheeses.	1
The south pole is colder than the north pole (-30°C versus -60°C).	1
Only Britain & France played cricket in the 1900 Olympics.	1
Pressure inside a popcorn kernel reaches 135 psi before it pops.	1
You still smell things while you sleep.	1
Stella Walsh won the women's 100m gold at the 1932 Olympics.	1
Johnny Weissmuller won 5 gold and one bronze Olympic medals in the 1920's.	1
Instead of Friday 13th, in Spain and Greece it's Tuesday 13th that's unlucky.	1
Character animators on movies like Ice Age produce 3 seconds per week.	1
Your gut has its own independent brain.	1
A single sperm has 739MB of DNA data.	1
Ketchup used to be made out of fish.	1
A marathon is 26miles 386yards because it was the length of the race in the 1908 London Olympics.	1
Black box flight recorders are actually bright orange so that they can be found more easily.	1
The Greenland shark is the slowest shark in the world.	1
Cows sweat through their noses.	1
Babies began to see in stereo about four months after they were born.	1
Pop Rocks (aka Space Dust) is boiled under 600psi pressure.	1
Soft boiling an ostrich egg takes about one hour.	1
Scooby Doo isn't Scooby's full name!.	1
Most insects don't taste of much.	1
Jelly doesn't set if you add fresh pineapple.	1
During the Great Depression, the U.S. deported around 1 million Mexicans.	1
During WW2, an Italian doctor prevented Nazis from taking Jewish patients by claiming they suffered the fictitious 'K Syndrome'.	1
The ancient Greek philosopher Heraclitus attempted to cure a serious illness by lying in the sun covered in cow dung.	1
Housing a prisoner in California costs $75,560.	1
Rolling luggage wasn't invented until 1970.	1
Way before the Web, France had Minitel since 1978, an online service that gave its users access to online shopping, search engines, porn and message boards.	1
The Nazis run the world's largest tourism operator of the 1930s, the KdF.	1
Benjamin Franklin and Napoleon Bonaparte were beaten by a chess robot, the Mechanical Turk, who toured the world, beating masters and novices alike.	1
Jean-Christophe, Prince Napoléon, the great-great-great-great-nephew of Napoleon, is the Head of the Imperial House of France.	1
Elizabeth Taylor arrived late for her own funeral.	1
Anophthalmus hitleri is a blind beetle found only in five caves in Slovenia.	1
The Spanish Inquisition lasted 356 years.	1
Soccer player Pelé has his own day every year in Santos, Brazil.	1
For over 1,000 years, a horn has been blown in Ripon, UK, every night at 9pm in the four corners of the town square.	1
American bullfrogs' eyes have special retinas.	1
"Sesame Street" has won 167 Emmys and 8 Grammys.	1
An estimated 410,000 people were exposed to asbestos, a toxic substance, at WTC in 9/11.	1
In 2007, Scotland spent £125,000 devising a new national slogan.	1
The inventor of the web, Tim Berners-Lee, has one regret: adding the double slash "//" to URLs.	1
When President Harry S. Truman visited Disneyland in 1957, he refused to come aboard the popular Dumbo attraction.	1
Bonobos prefer sharing their food with strangers.	1
Moscow's Red Square's name has nothing to do with communism or with the color of many of its buildings.	1
It is believed that London's Big Ben was named after Sir Benjamin Hall, First Commissioner for Works, whose name is inscribed on the bell.	1
In Russia, Jews were believed to have a a secret vegetable they eat so they don't become alcoholics.	1
The Eskimo kiss –rubbing noses– is not a kiss.	1
Dragonflies can get fat.	1
Afghanistan has been invaded by Greek, Arab, Mongol, Mughal, Persian, British, Sikh and Soviet forces.	1
People really do look like their names.	1
After the Treaty of Versailles, French Marshal Ferdinand Foch said "This is not a peace.	1
The last Beatles song was recorded in 1995.	1
A German officer in WWII ordered his soldiers to hold fire to allow the rescue of an American soldier who stepped on a landmine.	1
Russian President Boris Yeltsin's first question when he met President Clinton in 1995: "Do you think O.J.	1
The U.S. Embassy in Moscow caught fire in 1977.	1
Spain has more tourists than residents.	1
In 2012, the world's first lab grown burger cost $325,000.	1
Since 1875, the exact weight of a kilogram has been defined by the International Prototype of the Kilogram, a cylinder that sits locked in an environmentally regulated vault outside Paris.	1
Nutella has very few hazelnuts.	1
During the 1912 Olympics, a Japanese athlete abandoned the marathon but failed to notify race officials.	1
Germans pay cash in 80% of all transactions.	1
In the early 1800s, the average famous person became well known at age 43.	1
The word ‘gasoline' doesn't come from ‘gas'.	1
Ancient Egyptians had a 70% accurate method for detecting pregnancy: a woman would pee on some seeds.	1
In Sweden, IKEA is pronounced "ee-kay-uh" not "eye-kee-ah".	1
In the 60s, the Fisher Pen Company reportedly invested $1 million to create a "space pen," one that could write upside-down, in frigid or roasting conditions.	1
Apollo Astronauts couldn't get life insurance.	1
Taylor Swift has trademarked the phrases "this sick beat", "party like it's 1989," and "Nice to meet you.	1
Down syndrome has been disappearing in Iceland since prenatal screening tests were introduced in the early 2000s.	1
Austria, Belgium, France, and Germany hold elections on weekends or have made election day a holiday.	1
Lee Harvey Oswald wasn't arrested for killing JFK.	1
Finland's passport became a flipbook when it was redesigned in 2012.	1
In 1986, a Soviet pilot made a bet with his co-pilot that he could land the aeroplane with an instrument-only approach, with no visual contact with the ground.	1
'Orchid' actually means testicle.	1
Shark Bay, Australia, is now called 'Safety Beach'.	1
One of Thomas Edison's oddest inventions was a voice-driven sewing machine operated by blowing into a mouthpiece.	1
Iceland's last McDonald's burger was sold in 2009.	1
The 20 richest soccer clubs, all European, earned 7.4 billion euros in the 2015/16.	1
The "Bitcoin Faucet" website, created by former lead developer of Bitcoin, handed out 10,000 free bitcoins to visitors.	1
When Muhammad Ali lost a fight against Larry Holmes, a 14-year-old Mike Tyson promised him that when he "got big" he would take down Larry Holmes for him.	1
The Spanish phrase "¿Cómo como?	1
The airport of Genoa, Italy, limits liquids on a plane to about 3 ounces.	1
In the 60s, Harvard psychologists conducted an ethically questionable experiment on 22 undergraduates.	1
Ice cubes look white due to oxygen and other impurities.	1
A record $4.79 billion was spent on 14,591 soccer player deals globally in 2016, according to FIFA.	1
Taking a shower or washing dishes during a lightning storm is not recommended.	1
Bart Simpson's prank calls to Moe were actually based on real calls two guys did to bar owner and heavyweight boxer Louis "Red" Deutsch.	1
The smell of a man is as stressful to mice as a three-minute swim.	1
Babies have accents.	1
The first recorded speculative economic bubble was the Tulip Mania, in the Dutch Republic.	1
In 1953, a vicar in the Church of England founded the world's first crisis suicide hotline, after taking a funeral for a 14-year-old girl who had killed herself because she feared she had contracted an STD.	1
Roundabouts reduce fatalities from accidents by 90%.	1
Lobsters don't scream in pain when you cook them.	1
Hillary stated in 2012 that she no longer drives a car.	1
Hillary Clinton was once a Republican and campaigned for Barry Goldwater in 1964.	1
Bill and Hillary Clinton attend different churches.	1
During her time as First Lady, she was given the codename Evergreen by the Secret Service.	1
Hillary was both senator and first lady for 20 days.	1
Hillary Clinton was very well travelled during her 4-year term as Secretary of State.	1
After marriage, Hillary changed her last name from Rotham to Clinton only to please the Arkansas voters so that Bill Clinton could become a Governor.	1
Hillary loves spicy food.	1
After graduating from Wellesley College, Hillary worked in a fish canning factory in Alaska.	1
She was president of her high school’s Fabian Fan Club.	1
In one of Hillary Clinton’s first trials before a jury, she represented a canning company that had been sued by someone who claimed they found the rear end of a rat in a can.	1
It was so cold in 1684 that the Thames River in England froze solid for two months.	1
The air located around a lightning bolt is heated to around 30,000°C.	1
Black cats are considered to bring good luck in Japan!	1
Christopher Lee read The Lord of the Rings every single year since the year it was published and was the only member of the cast and crew ever to have met J.R.R.	1
The Helm’s Deep battle in The Two Towers took four months to shoot, all of it at night!	1
Sean Bean is afraid of flying, and while filming in the mountains of New Zealand refused to take helicopter rides to the set.	1
Pandas are the most expensive animals to be kept in zoos or captivity.	1
Giant pandas are excellent tree climbers !	1
Mars’s specific gravity is about 37% of earth’s specific gravity.	1
The first great civilisation in Mexico was the Olmec (from 1500 B.C.to 400 B.C.	1
Facebook’s first annual Hacker Cup (2011) coding challenge was won by Petr Mitrichev, a programmer at Google.	1
On May 17, 1957, King gave his famous “I Have A Dream” speech in front of more than  250,000 people.	1
King met his future wife Coretta Scott, a music student and aspiring singer, in 1953.	1
He gave his last great speech “I’ve Been to the Mountain Top” on April 3, 1968.	1
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a national holiday in the United States.	1
Until a study published in 1905 by Carnegie scientist Nettie Stevens that identified the Y chromosome, gender was thought to be caused by environmental factors, such as passion for sex, nutrition, and temperature.	1
Einstein couldn’t speak fluently when he was nine.	1
Bruce Lee could perform one-hand push-ups using only the thumb and index finger.	1
All US Presidents have worn glasses.	1
Albert Einstein was once offered the Presidency of Israel.	1
Newton served as a member of the Parliament of England for one year.	1
Point Farthest From the Center of the Earth is the peak of the volcano Chimborazo in Ecuador at 20,561 feet (6267 m).	1
Each year, about 1 million earthquakes occur in the world.	1
Windmills always turn counter-clockwise.	1
Drivers tend to drive faster when other cars are around.	1
The White House was originally called the President’s Palace.	1
The tallest building in the world is the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, UAE.	1
The building of the Panama Canal, which links the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, was one of the most difficult engineering projects ever.	1
Saturn’s rings are made up of particles of ice, dust and rock.	1
The largest galaxies contain nearly 400 billion stars!	1
From a distance, Earth would be the brightest of the planets.	1
The largest found meteorite was fund in Hoba, Namibia.	1
The grid layout used in many cities around the world is not a new invention – it first appeared in the city of Mohenjo-Daro, in India, 4,500 years ago.	1
In the First Dynasty of ancient Egypt, hoards of staff and family members were walled up with the body of the dead king.	1
Gorgias of Epirus (3rd century BC), a Greek sophist, was born in his dead mother’s coffin!	1
In the 14th century, the Black Death killed 75,000,000 people.	1
In 1927 Otto Rohwedder invented sliced bread.	1
The first synthetic human chromosome was constructed by US scientists in 1997.	1
Over 1 billion search requests every day are handled by Google.	1
By searching ‘atari breakout’ in Google Images, you can play the game.	1
Google has a pet T-rex, named Stan, which lives at their California headquarters.	1
The “I’m feeling lucky” button remains one of the least popular Google features.	1
Google uses reCAPTCHA to teach computers how to read the text.	1
The name “Google” was an accident.	1
Logizomechanophobia is the fear of computers!	1
The colour blue has a calming effect.	1
Strawberry is the only fruit that bears its seeds on the outside.	1
During the 1600s, tulips were so valuable in Holland that their bulbs were worth more than gold.	1
Walt Disney got his idea for Mickey Mouse while he worked in a garage.	1
A duck`s quack doesn`t echo.	1
Southern sea otters have flaps of skin under their forelegs that act as pockets.	1
The cuddly animal koala bear, as it is often called, is not a bear at all, it’s a marsupial!	1
Elephants use their trunks to help them stay cool.	1
There is enough carbon in your body to fill 900 pencils, enough fat to make 75 candles, enough phosphorus to make 220 match heads.	1
A hard working adult sweats up to 4 gallons per day.	1
You foot is the same size as the distance between your wrist and elbow.	1
A person cannot taste food unless it is mixed with saliva.	1
Dimples may be cute, but they are an inherited genetic flaw.	1
Cashews are actually a fleshy fruit.	1
Diamonds are actually unstable at surface temperature and pressure.	1
If you toss a penny 10000 times, it will not be heads 5000 times,but more like 4950.	1
Coca-Cola gets its name from its 2 key ingredients derived from the coca leaves and kola nut.	1
